The Building Technologies Program (BTP) invests in technology research and development (R&D) activities that can dramatically reduce energy consumption and energy waste in commercial and residential buildings. Buildings in the United States use nearly 40 quadrillion British thermal units (Btu) of energy for space heating and cooling, lighting, and appliances, an amount equivalent to the annual amount of electricity delivered by more than 3,800 500-megawatt coal-fired power plants. Our technology portfolio aims to help reduce building energy requirements by 50% through the use of improved appliances; windows, walls, and roofs; space heating and cooling; lighting; and whole building design strategies.
Our current research and development focus includes:
Read more about BTP's energy efficient technology successes and learn about opportunities to work with BTP.
Contacts | Web Site Policies |
U.S. Department of Energy | USA.gov
Content Last Updated: 09/19/2012Hi, I am new to the forums and I have a question that I haven't really has a straight forward answer to, due to the nature of my injury and is somewhat unique. The main shoulder surgerys I have been reading have been for dislocations, minor shoulder separations, torn shoulder mucles, etc.
About a year ago and half ago I had a snowboarding accident which ended up in a Class 3/4 AC joint separation. I didn't have surgery on it until a year ago where they has to shave down part of my collar bone, attach cadaver tendons because my injured ones never recovered and were not salvageable, and also had a suture put in as well. (it was not anthroscopic surgery)
I completed all my physical therapy a few months later and now have all of my full range of motion and some strength recovered in it. Today, I have suffered muscular atrophy from the surgery on my outer trapiezus and deltoid. I have tried working these muscles and I have not been able to regain any noticeable muscle mass in those areas. I am not a really "hardcore" weightlifter, and not familiar with all the weightlifting lingo. But, I am very serious about finally evening out my shoulders due to the physical appearance of it, and to prevent anything down the road. However, I want to safely do so without harming my new tendons and leading to further damage.
I have been reading around and so far the best exercises for my needed areas are curls, and shrugs. But, are there any others recommended and what supplements to help my growth? I apologize for the VERY long post, but I just want to get my point across as clearly as possible and with all the necessary information. Thanks!
Shoulder Surgery w/ Muscular Atrophy
Similar Threads
Shoulder surgery GRRRRRRRBy gog in forum SupplementsReplies: 13Last Post: 10-12-2013, 01:25 AM
Natural Shoulder Width vs. Muscular Width? Plz helpBy BigAssDeltoids in forum Teen BodybuildingReplies: 26Last Post: 07-14-2009, 09:34 AM
muscular atrophy questoinBy Solaxun in forum Teen BodybuildingReplies: 3Last Post: 03-19-2004, 08:28 AM
people who had shoulder surgeryBy US-Marine in forum Teen BodybuildingReplies: 4Last Post: 03-26-2003, 10:47 PM
Just had shoulder surgery.. Please readBy mikesnow19 in forum ExercisesReplies: 2Last Post: 01-01-2003, 07:51 PM
BookmarksThis is a “photograph” of my great, great, great grandfather. His name is Richard Garstang and he was born in 1802 or 1806, there are two conflicting accounts, in Preston England. I figure this image is about 150-160 years old. He was my grandmother’s great grandfather. Anyway, we took the picture down when we had the house painted and one of my daughters knocked it over, breaking the glass, but not damaging the picture, thankfully. I got some museum quality UV protected glass for it and re-framed it in its ancient frame. I took the opportunity to make a high quality scan of it while it was out of the frame. The 1850s were early times for photography, and the image is heavily retouched with what I guess is watercolor. That’s why I put “photograph” in quotes. It’s almost more like a drawing. You have to look closely to see the faint photographic image behind the brush strokes. Here’s a detail to show what I mean:
The back of the picture says he was the “foreman of a weaving establishment, Blackburn, Eng.” I’m currently reading David Copperfield (the version I’m reading here, and the Amazon link for reviews, etc. here.), and it’s interesting for me to think about great, great, great Grandpa here living during those times in England, and being a contemporary of the author, Charles Dickens.
Richard is rather stern looking and my wife is a little spooked by Mr. Garstang’s steely gaze, so this complicates the issue of where we hang the picture. I hope he was happy. I know virtually nothing about him. The picture is an interesting thing, though.
Update 1/30/06: I did a little research on Blackburn and weavers during the mid-1800s and got this. It’s no wonder he looks a little surly. Those were horrible times: machines replacing human weavers, unemployment, riots, child labor. Perhaps that had something to do with his son coming to the United States? I may never know.Essex Valley School is a comprehensive alternative school offering second chances to students who have not been able to find success in traditional public and private schools. We offer a holistic educational program of accredited academic instruction, vocational training, and therapeutic services, all designed to encourage the emotional, intellectual, behavioral, and social growth of each student.
Moving students to bigger and better opportunities
Javascript is disabled
This page requires Javascript to view properly. Please enable that feature in your browser settings and reload this page. Thank you.
We're sorry. We were unable to map to your destination.
Note: Results may overlap. Please zoom in to view more detail
Category: Dance
500 Boardwalk
Revel
Atlantic City, New Jersey 08401
+1 855 348 0500 (Tol
1210 Pacific Ave
Atlantic City, United States 08401My Account
Starwood Preferred Guest Hotel & Resort Categories
Hotel Listings - Category 6
Category 6 hotels are the world's most exclusive hotels and resorts, each one reflecting the unique characteristics of its surroundings for an unparalleled travel experience. Depending on the season, you will need between 20,000 or 25,000 Starpoints® for a free night at a Category 6 hotel. Below is a complete list of our Category,.Also: What your trash says about how efforts (or failures) to save money.
4 things you shouldn’t be cheap about. Yes, even cheapskates know there are times when it’s wise to spend money. Among the suggestions here when it’s unwise to cheap out is when buying:
Professional Clothing.
5 most financially dangerous haters (and how to stand up to them). “Haters,” in this situation, are folks who try to undermine your efforts to save money, like:
The “You Have to Live a Little” Hater
This hater erroneously equates those who are financially disciplined with those who are miserably miserly. Her house is bursting at the seams with stuff she’s never used and can’t afford. Any impulse purchase can be justified with the simple justification, “you have to enjoy your money.”
5 steps to breaking up with your cable company. You’d think only one step would be necessary: Call and cancel. But to do it right—without paying fees, and without regrets—you should take a close look at your contract, think hard about how much TV you really watch, and be prepared for the onslaught of sales tactics employed to talk you out of canceling. Then, after you do the deed, there may be a final step, in which you must deal with cable reps who call and try to talk you into signing up again:
RIIIIIIIIIIING. They’re back! It was like a scene from the movie Poltergeist. Every time my phone rang it was either my bad former boyfriend (Mr. Cable Guy) calling or one of his wingmen haunting me. To make matters worse, I fielded calls from several cable companies that week.
7 DIY projects that’ll make your place stand out. The easiest of all is to simply paint a room:
Painting order is important: Tackle ceiling, then trim, then walls. Let ceiling and trim dry for at least six hours before painting walls.
9 ways to talk yourself out of a traffic ticket. Don’t be above pulling the “I gotta pee!” card:!”
10 ways to make your home green. One of the simpler, more straightforward, and cost-effective suggestions is:
Replace Shower Head
Replace your existing showerhead with a 2.5 gallon per minute head – it uses less water and will save you around $145 per year in energy costs, according to the Department of Energy.
10 things that shouldn’t be in your trash. That is, that shouldn’t be in your trash if you’re trying to stop wasting money and save some of it instead. Stuff like:
Single-serve product wrappers: Those prepackaged snacks are convenient but expensive. Packs of cheese cubes, 100-calorie packs, small packages of chips, and single-serve fruit bowls are all more expensive than if you buy the bigger size and parcel it out yourself.
10 money lessons from music lyrics. Here’s one you probably know and love by the Barenaked Ladies (haven’t you always wanted a monkey?):
If I had a million dollars
We wouldn’t have to walk to the store
If I had a million dollars
We’d take a limousine cause it costs more
12 tips to reduce your cell phone bill. Down toward the bottom of this infographic revealing that you’re (probably) paying too much for your wireless bill, there are tips such as:
Consider Prepaid Plans
Paying for the service in advance sometimes gets you more for your money, and you can be sure you’ll never incur any overage charges. With this option, you pay only for the minutes you need.
18 ways to get tax-free income. Not sure if this really counts as “income,” but it’s less money out of your pocket—and that’s sorta the same thing:
Take the bus
You can pull up to $230 a month out of your paycheck, pretax, to cover mass transit, vanpooling and commuter parking.
53 savings tips. In honor of America Saves Week, here’s a list of basic savings tips. And OK, some are like duh (avoid bouncing checks, shop around for gas, borrow books rather than purchase them), but often, it’s the most obvious and commonsense advice that people ignore. For example:.Thanks to Charlie Crist's jump into the U.S. Senate race, we're about to see the busiest election cycle in decades. The conventional wisdom is already setting in:
Charlie Crist is unbeatable. No way can stodgy Bill McCollum beat folksy Alex Sink for governor. Dan Gelber's U.S. Senate Democratic primary campaign is toast against Kendrick Meek's. The Florida GOP, with so many once-safe seats now wide open, is poised to take its biggest drubbing in a generation.
Don't assume anything in this volatile political and economic climate. Especially not when we're about to mark the anniversary of Barack Obama's first extended campaign swing through Florida.
Back then, all the talk was about how the Illinois senator was weak with seniors, Hispanics and Jews. He couldn't possibly win Florida's 27 electoral votes. Wrong, wrong, wrong and wrong.
So let's review the 2010 landscape and assumptions.
Alex Sink will be the next governor? Not so fast.
Yes, she's the biggest star in the state party, while McCollum looks like yesterday's Republican, not tomorrow's. But McCollum is also a smart, disciplined campaigner. Some of the best Republican strategists in Florida, including Crist adviser Rich Heffley and Jeb Bush adviser Sally Bradshaw, are lining up behind the attorney general, who is expected to formally announce his candidacy next week.
Sink, likely to announce any day now, is still largely unknown to most Floridians and will face far more scrutiny in a governor's race than she did running for chief financial officer. Then there's the matter of her old career, leading Florida operations for Bank of America.
"Some of the things that were her assets in 2006, won't necessarily be assets this time,'' said Republican consultant David Johnson.
Crist is unbeatable for Senate? Nobody is unbeatable.
Republican Marco Rubio, former state House speaker, certainly has a huge hill to climb to take the nomination from Florida's most popular Republican. The national GOP, seeing Crist as a lock to hold Mel Martinez's seat, already is trying to push Rubio out of the primary, with Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and National Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee chairman John Cornyn immediately endorsing Crist.
But Rubio has a chance to turn the primary into a national referendum on conservatism. He's already drawing some glowing reviews from conservative writers and teeing up online ads featuring Crist cozying up to Obama.
If the likes of Rush Limbaugh start taking aim at Crist's centrism, Rubio may be able to raise enough money to stay visible and win over many Republicans disgusted with RINOs (Republicans in Name Only.)
Once Crist starts taking fire from Democrats and conservative Republicans for bailing on Florida in the midst of an economic crisis and failing to fulfill old campaign promises, his sky-high poll numbers could tumble. After all, how can he say with a straight face that a junior senator in the minority party can do more for Floridians in the Senate than a governor?
Kendrick Meek is a lock for the Democratic Senate nomination? The Miami Democrat is off to a strong start in endorsements and money raised, but there's a long way to go. Wait until Meek has to start answering questions about the millions of dollars he tried to steer to a controversial developer who was also paying Meek's mother.
A lot of Democrats are expecting Meek's sharp primary rival, state Sen. Dan Gelber of Miami — a former prosecutor and aide to former Georgia Sen. Sam Nunn —to jump into the attorney general's race. That would be a smart move for both him and his party. But even if he stays in the Senate race, Gelber could make a compelling case that his profile is stronger for the general election.
Republicans stand to lose a bunch of statewide races? Maybe, but it's hardly likely when the Democrats don't even have a candidate for chief financial officer to take on Senate President Jeff Atwater, the likely Republican nominee; when Adam Putnam looks like the heavy favorite for agriculture commissioner; and nobody anyone has heard of is running so far for attorney general.
In this election cycle, anything is possible.
Adam C. Smith can be reached at asmith@sptimes.com.Discussion in 'Topics in Healthcare' started by Barbarossa, 01.19.06.
SDN Members don't see this ad. (About Ads)
...
I have heard of students from morocco checking "african american".
North Africans are typically considered Caucasians.
......
In that case, the best thing to do might be to check 'other', and explain your ethnicity (if you deem it necessary) further in your application. Going from your thread title, you seem less concerned with your ethnicity, and more concerned with achieving URM status, to which I say
I would suggest doing the following, in order:
1) Look at your options on paper.
2) Look in the mirror.
3) Look at your options on paper.
4) Look in the mirror.
5) Fill in as many boxes as you see fit.
--------
This question isn't suppose to be a difficult AMCAS question. Perhaps this might make it easier: Growing up, did you always consider yourself African-American/Black, or ANY other race/ethnicity? If it was anything other than African-American/Black, then DO NOT check that box. If you feel that your race/ethnicity isn't an option on the list, select OTHER and fill in the blank with whatever the hell sounds good to you.
The fact of the matter is that you don't want to select a box and then show up at an interview lookin like something way different. They will either think A) you have mental issues, or B) you are having an identity crisis (which could be a form of option (A). Either way, I'd just select Chinese and move on.
(I am tired and going to bed... <yawn> )
Overdose on Melanotan II; you won't even know what you are at the end
I think a good way to resovle these types of threads forever is for the OP's to ask their Mother's if they are URM's. That should settle the issue right there.
Look at the US Census Website....Caucasian refers to those people of European, Middle Eastern, and North African descent.
Which means that black people can be caucasians....and white people and can be african american
not in my book
you admitted you are "non-black"....soooooooooooooooo...why would you even consider yourself as possibly being a URM?
Why not? It seems to me like the whole URM system was designed to be abused. I mean, if my fabulously wealthy, prep-school educated roomate who happens to be of Hispanic origins can claim URM status, I see no reason why anyone shouldnt be able to
The form is inelegant and poorly written, but clearly the point of URM is to address historic disadvantages of certain peoples of minority in this country. It has nothing to do with the net worth or need of the current individual (such as your roommate), it addresses as a group. Thus by African American on the form they clearly mean black, because that is the group with the history of disadvantage in the process in the US.
Hey as usual you know SDNers will jump on this an rip it apart so why dont you save yourself the time and just call AAMC and ask someone who can help you better.
Check according to how you self-identify in normal life, not according to the perceived benefits. It's not about semantics, or about the exact shade of your skin, or about what other people think. This really isn't rocket-science people.
No, the URM system is based off the fallacious notion that a racial group as a whole can in fact be 'disadvantaged' and that these disadvantages can be corrected through a haphazard system of preferential treatment. If it was just, as you claim, based on 'historic disadvantages,' then Latino-Americans most likely would not be eligible for URM status, while East Asian-Americans would be.
The system is flawed, and has been designed with loopholes big enough to drive a truck through. If the OP can take advantage of it, more power to him/her. If thats what it takes to demonstrate how ridiculous the system is, then its fine with me.
NO. "african american" is just the pc way of saying "BLACK!"
GEEZ, PEOPLE, are you that desperate for urm status?
Your argument is slightly misinformed. First "disadvantaged" status is different from URM status as defined by AAMC. Check their site.
Second the URM system is based (or is now based) on proportions/ratios i.e. The number of admitted students of a certain ethnicity relative to their number in the general population.
DIsadvantaged status has to do with socioeconomic class (rich or poor).
You are right that the system is not perfect.
You are wrong that URM equates to peferential treatment otherwise every URM that applies each year should get into every school they apply to.
URM status does not relieve any applicant of the need to have good stats. The advantage of URM status however is to allow the Adcom evaluate you on the basis of diversity. Diversity alone cannot get you in but it can really help if you use it to your advantage (Personal statement, interview etc).
Is this in itself fair to non_URMs - well technically no but in reality yes. Why?
1) because the system defaults to non_URM.
2) We live in a diverse world
3) Doctors are not saints - they are human
and now we have yet another AA thread
It was already one from the very first post. What other reason would one be concerned about getting URM status.
Are you kidding me? Preferential treatment is exactly what it amounts to. Just because said preferential treatment is not so extreme as to allow every URM applicant to be admitted to every med school they apply to doesnt mean that they arent being given preferential treatment at all.
Pick up a copy of MSAR and look up the statistics for Meharry and Howard. I'm not saying those are bad stats, but lets face it, a non-URM applying with stats like that would most likely be rejected everywhere they applied.
Asking if one qualifies for AA and debating the merits of AA are two different things.
Preach it, bon vivant!
Haha, who am I kidding, if I thought I would gain an advantage by applying as a URM I would most certainly do it! Now if I have phenomenal stats and have plenty of confidence that I wouldn't need such an advantage then I might consider not doing it. Otherwise, I would most certainly take every advantage I could get!
Now, unfortunately, since I am an East-Asian American I already have an "ORM" box automatically checked right next to my name, meaning "overrepresented minority." On top of that, since my residence in CA I have another ethnicity box checked as well: The "F@cked" box =P
Dude, seriously chill out. What you are saying has been said over and over on SDN. If you want to discuss AA first search this forum or the Drslounge forum and you will see all sides to this argument. Research that then you can come back and post on this thread about something that hasn't been said before.
Dude, if people are going to deny basic facts, then I'm going to have to point that out. I'm not attacking anyone, so there's really no need for the admonition to 'chill out.'
I don't consider this:
a basic fact. Where is the evidence for such a claim? There doesn't exist an alogorithm to getting into medical school. Besides, private medical schools like Meharry and Howard can do whatever they want.
i thought the whole idea behind urm status is for schools to increase diversity in their classes and furthermore the medical field....to better reflect the patient population they will be dealing with...
everything is made to be abused by someone
Meharry Medical College:
Median Science GPA: 2.93
Median MCAT: 25
Howard University College of Medicine:
Median Science GPA: 3.10
Median MCAT: 24
These are the lowest numbers for allopathic med schools in the US. If you want to be a total denialist and pretend that this has nothing to do with the fact that these schools almost exclusively admit URMs (more specifically, African Americans) and that plenty of Pakistani and Korean applicants get into US allopathic medical schools with numbers like that, then thats your problem.
I'm always amazed by this whole "chip on the shoulder" thing when it comes to minority status. It's as if URM-related debates seem to bring out the worst in certain (usually non-URM) people. All of a sudden, everyone's got a 'rich Hispanic friend' or 'upper-class African American classmate' who 'never had to struggle for anything' and who's going to get into 'all the good schools' because they're (black/hispanic/native american/etc etc).
I remember these debates from my pre-collegiate days at CC. As it was pointed out there, so many times, there isn't a single person out there (among those whom constantly complain about the unfairness of affirmative action) who would undergo a color transplant, and remain (black/hispanic/native american/etc etc) for the rest of their lives, in order to take advantage of the presumed assets of checking a particular ethnicity box during college/grad school applications. Not one.
You don't want to be a minority *all the time*...you just want to be a minority during the application process - and then POOF! non-minority again!
If that's not possible, then we revert to the wolf in the manger status. You can't use it, so you dun't want nobody 'lse to use it.
It's like high school all over again! (Good to know some things will never change).
I think it is a bad idea to apply as african-american b/c it shows low character... Also,it will cost you at the interview when they realize you are trying to beat the system. Now if you change your last name and apply as hispanic... j/k
Very well said!!!!!!!!!!!!
I commend your ability to reason.
You really are upset enough about this to go look up the numbers. Look, everyone and their mother's dog here knows that these two schools have low "stats". Who cares? As I said these schools are private and can do whatever they want. And don't for a minute call this reverse discrimination. Discrimination is being denied to eat at a certain restaurant because of the color of your skin. Being denied to attend certain events because of the color of your skin. Being denied access to certain educational oppurtunities because of the color of your skin. Medical schools are not doing this. If you are white, black, brown, yellow, red, green, whatever YOU CAN go medical school. No school is denying the right to anyone to attend medical school. Everyone has to do what they gotta do to get in. End of story. If you are a so called ORM, then you gotta kill your GPA and MCAT and if you don't then it's on you, not on the black kid you got into Meharry with low "stats."
And in light of the discrimination theme and in light of the excellent point made by Rafa, back in the day there were a whole bunch of black folks wished they were white. Hell, some of you may of heard of black people "passing" as whites back in the day. However, you will be hard pressed to find other people that would want to be a URM.
Just thought that I would inject some humor in this thread. In India, there is a classification known as SC/ST (scheduled caste / scheduled tribe), which basically means that if your caste or tribe shows up in a government schedule (i.e. list), you are eligible for special benefits in school admission, jobs, etc. By law, a certain percentage is reserved for people belonging to that category. Obviously there is a mad rush to get one's caste or tribe included in the list, so that you can get VIP treatment. It turned out that 98% of the population in one particular state was included in this list, which got that state the dubious distinction of being "the most backward area of the world"! BTW, this is the same state that has Bangalore - the city known as the silicon valley of India, as its capital.
OK, if anyone's coming here with a chip on their shoulder, its you my friend. I never attacked people who get into schools with URM status. Rather, I was clarifying that it is indeed a system of preferential treatment, and that if the OP wants to take advantage of one of its many loopholes, then I see nothing wrong with it.
You are right there is nothing wrong with it.
Until he his denied admission for being dishonest.
Haha...I'm South Asian. I already look Hispanic (in fact, thats what most people think I am before talking to me), I just dont get to check the box
Just the fact that you are calling it a "loophole" suggests that there is something "wrong" with it. A loophole is an ambiguity through which the intent of a writing may be evaded. By using a loophole you are circumventing the desired effect of the rule/system. It may perhaps be legal, but ethical (right versus "wrong") is a totally different question.
In answer to the OP's question, I'd say don't check African American! If you are Arab, then whether or not your skin tone exactly corresponds to that, you are considered "white" for the purpose of determining ethnicity for URMs. You may or may not think the system is fair (I don't) but that doesn't mean you should try to cheat it. Also, leaving aside moral and ethical problems, I think it will hurt your chances. If you go into interviews, especially with black interviewers, it's not going to look good that you checked it and don't look it. As another poster said, for the most part, African-American is the pc way of saying "black" And believe me, my white friend who emigrated from South Africa sure doesn't check that box on her applications...
I'm calling it a loophole because it no doubt circumvents the intent of URM status. However, I fail to see how thats ethically any worse than hiring a tax attorney to find 'loopholes' in tax codes to save you money, or physicians placing all their major assets in trust to prevent them from being taken away in case of malpractice lawsuits against them. All of these things circumvent the 'intent' of the law.
One of my friends, also of North African descent, claimed he was African American when applying to med school this year. It didnt cause any problems for him as far as I know.
The difference is that the tax attorney would typically consult with the government to get their take on how the law was going to be interpreted before advising their client to use the loophole. I don't think the OP was leaning toward consulting with AMCAS before taking his loophole.
He's more African-American in my book than you are, so why not? Unless you were born and raised in Africa, but I believe you were born in the US, correct?
I honestly don't mind my situation at all. I'm white, and I feel that I've been treated fairly. The point is not that I am/am not willing to change my race. The point is that it's not fair to give an additional advantage to someone who already has tons of advantages. I don't lose sleep over it though.
/
Just consult with people a lot more knowledgable than us. For example, AMCAS and your pre-med advisor.
Just out of curiosity, if I were the child of, oh lets say Kenyan immigrants, and I was ethnically African (not Indian or European), would it be 'ethically' right for me to check the African-American box, even though I'm not 'black' as the term is commonly understood in the US?
I didn't say you were an Arab. If you look at my post, I said "if you are an Arab"... I recognize that there are many different groups in North Africa such as the Berber and the Tuareg. What I'm saying is that none of those ethnicities would qualify as "black", which is typically what African-American refers too. In any case, I don't think you qualify as a URM...
OP: If you were born in Africa, regardless of your 'color', I say you should be allowed to check the box 'African American', but only if you are now an American citizen. If you are not an American citizen, you cannot check any box that says "American". This PC stuff is ridiculous and the double standards and double meanings of clear verbage is insane. If you fit the criteria in my first sentence, you are clearly entitled to the phrase "African American".
My $.02. Not that it's worth much... but still.
Perhaps you are the one kidding me!!
Consider the following: (Check for actual numbers and do your own math)
Assumptions => Black = URM; Asian = MRM (middle rep); WHite = ORM
In 2005
Race/Ethnicity: Blacks Asian White
Applied: 2908 7396 23425
Matriculated: 1103 3349 11119
%chance of
gettin in: 38% 45% 48%
Heres another:
Assumption => Black + all others = URM; Asian + White = ORM (Non-URM)
In 2005
Status: URM Non_URM Total
Applied: 6543 30821
Matriculated: 2536 14468 17004
%chance of
gettin in: 39% 47%
Matriculated URM = 15%
Matriculated Non_URM = 85%
Clearly an applicant still has a better chance of getting in if they are in the Non-URM category. So im not sure where the preferential treatment is. SO you see the world hasn't gone crazy - it is still good to be Non_URM when it comes to applying to med school.
Well If they applied to the schools you mentioned they might not be rejected. These schools are not just URM. There are also NOn-URMs that attend so not sure what the argument is there.
Ok now im done indulging - back to work for me, then its beer time and ladies and everything done on a Friday night.
Have a great weekend peeps!!
Well done Orth2006, well done.
Well then your book definitely does not agree with AMCAS's/AMA's either. He can call himself what he wants, but when it comes to defining himself according to AMA's intentions his (and your's for that matter) definition will be questioned.
We can go on about the term African-American and about its origins...but that is not necessary here.
I personally am trying to get over the usage of the word "black" b/c it has negative connotations within this society.
Separate names with a comma.- 
- 3 bathrooms
- Sleeps 12
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 3
Sleeps: 12
Type: Apt. / CondoTannenbaum 33 by Ski Country Resorts
Description from the manager ...Read more
About the manager
About the manager
Ski Country Resorts
Ski Country Resorts
- Response rate n/a
- Response time n/a
- Calendar updated today
- Overall rating4.1 / 5.0 based on 1,162 reviews and 168 properties
Map
TannenbaumJust a few tidbits you might want to consider for last-minute, local, food-and-bev- oriented gifts. Or, you know, start your shopping NOW. I’m saying this kind of gloatingly from my high horse of Canning Nirvana Christmas Presents. Actually, I’m sitting on a mountain of frozen food and gloating. Ouch. It’s chilly up here. For those reasons, I’m always late on the food blogger giving buyable Christmas present lists. Sorry. That doesn’t mean these things aren’t worthwhile.
1) A blown glass golden pierogi ornament, as pictured above on my mantel. Forget those German pickle ornaments as so last year. There are also golden ravioli, if you are so unfortunate as to not be Polish.
2) A couple of bottles of O Wines chardonnay, which is an initiative to raise scholarship funds for young women, owned and managed by St. Michelle Wine Estates. Read more here about the story and wine. I received a sample of the red table wine and the chard, and both are pleasant and food-friendly and budget-happy, perfect for a gift for any family holiday party. Also, the logo looks like our ‘O’ for University of Oregon, so sportsfans would dig it. Their website notes that many of our local groceries (Albertsons and Safeways, Fred Meyers, and the Market of Choice on Green Acres) all carry the chard; not sure about the Red Blend.
3) Silicone goodness at Hartwick’s, if you can’t afford that sous vide machine or the Vitamix
you’ve your loved one has been craving. These perfectly square ice cubes are oddly satisfying; the trays are often used by high-end bars. I’m not sure who else uses the silicone spatulas but me, but I wholly endorse them as one of my favorite kitchen items. You can use the business end or the handle for stirring and scraping various-sized projects, and high heat is ok. 4) A gorgeous wood pasta board or cutting board, custom-made by Bill Anderson in Eugene. Chef Rosa Mariotti‘s partner, Bill Anderson, is a retired engineer and woodworker, and he’s been making these lovely pasta/pastry boards and smaller cutting boards from various hardwoods, some exotic like the striped tigerwood. I have an entire album of samples here. They’ve kindly offered to sell the boards as a fundraiser for the Master Food Preservers of Lane County, OR. The pasta boards go for $90 and up (with the tigerwood being on the higher end), and Rosa can fill you in on the price of the smaller boards. I bought one of each, and they’re spectacular. For inquiries, send a message to Rosa on Facebook!
5) Tomato-scented candles at Marché Provisions, because it’s almost summer again, right? I like the scent of the tomato leaf one better than the prettier tomato one, but it’s up to you to choose looks over talent. Or just buy any beeswax candle ever. They’re so sweet and slightly honey-sticky and that butterscotch color. Yum.
6) Also at Provisions, some truffles with local spirits (Bendistillery, Clear Creek, House Spirits, among others); a “Sniffle Slayer” lolly with lemon, ginger, honey and cayenne; and Hott Smoke sauce, which would kick those truffles’ and lollies’ asses.
7) Any number of fascinating little kibbles and bits at Sequential Biofuel, our loving local gas station with all kinds of healthy, sustainable, and gluten-free-friendly stuff, like a bison “candy” bar.
8) An independent food magazine. So important now that media publishing has gone to hell.
9) But the reason I’m really here is because I want to talk cookbooks. If your loved one cooks, these are the ones that grabbed me this year:
- Molly Stevens’ All About Braising, an essential addition to your collection, even though you think you know all about braising. I just got it and I love it. Pair with her book on Roasting.
- Tartine No. 3, the famed bakery’s new all grain baking book. Probably not for the beginner, but you could try. The recipes are thrilling for anyone who is struggling to perfect the no-knead technique.
- Jeffrey Morgenthaler‘s The Bar Book, also via Chronicle Books. It’s pretty fab, unsurprisingly, as one of the only cocktail books out there to offer a solid, technique-based guide for the home bartender. Expect to understand principles and classics, not fancy trends.
- Boat, a Whale & a Walrus by Seattle chef Renee Erickson, whose restaurants — modern, chic, vibrant, shellfishy — embody perhaps the epitome of PNW cuisine.
- Not a cookbook, quite, but Heather Arndt Anderson’s new book about the food history of our fair City of Roses to the north, Portland: A Food Biography, promises to be filled with fun facts and even some recipes. Her Tumblr page is fascinating and reflects her research acumen, but be sure to click through to buy the book directly from her or the publisher.
- And two hyper-local farm-to-table cookbooks: Anthony Boutard’s Beautiful Corn, the best treatment I’ve seen on the science and culinary merit of corn from a mellifluous farmer/writer in the tradition of Wendell Berry, and a great collection of local recipes for Beans, Grains, Nuts and Seeds: Further Adventures in Eating Close to Home by my fellow Eugene locavore, Elin England.
10) Aaaaand, for the ridiculous person on your list, one of the silliest things I’ve seen this year: costumes for your wine bottles. Available alongside many more reasonable gifts at Cost Plus. Or consider the leather cooler I saw on a clickbait site for gifts for the adventurous eater, or that damned “aroma fork” thing that makes your fork smell. WHY. Why not?Camiguin is an island of volcanic origin in Bohol Sea that is about 10 kilometers off the coast of Balingoan, Misamis Oriental in Mindanao, Philippines. It is a host of seven volcanoes, and the most prominent of which and the only one that is active is Mount Hibok-Hibok. That mountain along with Mt. Volcan is a terrain on which the island can be associated or identified with. The eruptions of these volcanoes at different times have somehow shaped the island’s history and the lives of its inhabitants.
The Beautiful tropical island has an area of about 237.95 square kilometers with a population of about 81,293 people who are predominantly Roman Catholic. Cebuano is the major dialect, and “Kinamigin” the original dialect is still spoken in some areas. The people can also communicate in Tagalog and English. Farming and fishing are the people’s main source of livelihood. In recent years tourism has become a viable industry for the island province.
Being an island with friendly and hospitable inhabitants, Camiguin seems to be insulated from negative incidents that happened in some parts of Mindanao. The island has kept its rustic atmosphere despite the rapid urbanization of some of its neighboring places such as Cagayan de Oro City. Its hills and mountains are still verdant with different species of trees and plants. The beautiful beaches of Camiguin and its other natural attractions have made it an allure for local and foreign tourists who want to have a respite from the hustle and bustle of a city.
In 1521 Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan went close to Camiguin and dropped anchor near Katagman or Catarman. In 1565 Miguel Lopez de Legaspi dropped by in Katagman in route to his exploration to other islands in the Philippines. In 1598 the Spaniards established a settlement in Guin-silipan or Guinsiliban. The raids by the Moros prompted the Spanish colonial authorities to move their settlement in 1679 to Catarman which was called Cotta Bato, the capital of Camiguin during that time.
Rumblings of the earth and earthquake were noticed by the inhabitants in February 1871, and they increased in severity as days went by. On April 30 of that year a fissure opened up 400 yards south west of Catarman and northwest of Hibok-Hibok Volcano and on that spot a mountain grew. Mt. Volcan was born. And it poured lava into the sea and at the same time gaining height and width. On May 13, 1871, Mt Volcan unleashed its fury and buried the colonial settlement with lava flows and sunk an area below sea level. Houses, churches and other edifices were buried to the ground. The ruins of the old Spanish church, convent and bell tower that can be seen in Bonbon today were reminder of that catastrophic event that destroyed the town of the old Catarman and claimed many lives. In 1983 a cross marker was built right at the location of the old cemetery that was submerged in the sea as a result of the volcanic eruption.
From 1948 to 1951 Mount Hibok-Hibok was again acting up. The first major eruption in 1948 caused only little damage. On December 4, 1951, the largest eruption occurred in the morning. The volcano unleashed lava flows, poisonous gases and pyroclastic flows destroying nearly 19 square kilometers of land and over 1,000 people were killed. The volcanic eruption resulted to massive outmigration of the island’s inhabitants to neighboring places such as Misamis Oriental, Cagayan de Oro and Bohol so that it drastically reduced the population to 34,000 from 69,000 before the catastrophic event.
Camiguin used to be a part Misamis Oriental. It was given an independent province status in 1966 and was inaugurated in 1968. At present the island province of Camiguin is headed by the governor with mayors of five of its municipalities. It is represented by one congressman in the Philippine congress.
Being volcanic in origin, the island is endowed with several springs with waters of varied temperatures and mineral contents. Visitors can enjoy their stay in the island by bathing or soaking in the springs that have either cold or hot water. The springs, the beaches, the historical places and other sceneries make Camiguin a good destination for local and foreign tourists. Some of the major tourist attractions are:
Katibawasan Falls is located about 5 kilometers southeast of Mambajao. It has verdant surroundings with waters flowing down about 250 feet into a pool. The clear and cool water that gathers in the pool is a delight to people who want to swim or bath in it.
The Sunken Cemetery at present has a cross marker where it is located. The Spanish colonial era cemetery which is already in the sea can be seen during low tide.
The Old Church Ruins is situated in Bonbon, Catarman. What remained of the Spanish colonial era church are parts of its walls. Near it are the ruins of convent and the bell tower. What can be seen at the surface of the ground are the upper parts of those edifices. The floors and the lower parts were buried to the ground when Mount Volcan erupted. (pictures of the ruins are in the previous paragraph)
Ardent Hot Spring at the foot of Mt. Hibok-hibok has hot Sulfuric flowing water that can treat skin diseases, asthma, neuralgia and rheumatism. Swimming, soaking or having a dip at the hot water will ease the pain in the body.
Walkway to the Old Volcano and Station of the Cross is a place where Roman Catholic devotees can commemorate Christ’s last sufferings during the Holy Week. Each of the stations along the walkways has sculptures depicting the passion of Christ. A climb to the last station enables a visitor to reach the top of Mt. volcan.
Soda Swimming Pool or Bura Soda Water Park has a swimming pool and a drinking fountain with soda water. The pool is enjoyable for swimming, and the water in the taps is therapeutic. Drinking soda water is good for hydration making one feel full therefore decreasing his overall food consumption. Soda water also reduces osteoporosis, cardiovascular disease risk and blood pressure.
Santo Nino Cold Spring Resort is located in Catarman, and is a fitting place for people who want to dip or swim in the cold water in a hot summer day. It has a pool measuring 25 by 40 meters with a deep of 2 meters, and a submerged natural spring that sends forth water from its sandy bed.
Other tourist attractions are the Tuasan Falls, which is 6 kilometers east of Catarman, the Moro Watch Tower in Guinsiliban, the Tangub Hot Spring that is submerged in water but can be seen during low tide. Major festivals are the “Panaad” which is held every Holy Week and the Lanzones which is a weeklong festival held every October.
White Island which is a sand bar is a recommended place to go to when one is to visit Camiguin. It can be reached from the shore of Agoho by hiring a 6-8 person capacity pump boat at 420 pesos (about US $9.76). The travel to the White Beach takes about 10 minutes. The white sand of the beach and the clear sea water around it make it a good place for swimming and snorkeling. In the beach one can have a panoramic view of Mt Hibok-Hibok and Mt. Volcan. It is preferable to go to the island early in the morning while the sunlight is still not hot because there is no vegetation on it. However, visitors can stay long there during the day if they want to by shielding themselves against the sunlight with a beach umbrella that can be rented there. The boat operator waits for his passengers while they are in the island, and ferry them back at their desired time to the boat’s landing area at Agoho shore near Paras Beach Resort.
One can get to Camiguin via Cagayan de Oro on a one and a half hour ride by bus or van to the port of Balingoan, Misamis Oriental. From there, he can board a ferry that will bring him to the port of Benoni in Mambajao, Camiguin. He can also take a direct trip from Cagayan de Oro port to Benoni, Camiguin port or vice versa in about 2-hour travel on a fast craft. Scheduled trip to Benoni is every hour from 5.45 am to 6 pm. At Benoni port there are provincial tourism accredited vehicles and guides which will take a tourist to the different attractions for a fee. A package tour in the island can cost a tourist as low as 1,700 pesos (about US $39.53). It will be economical if visitors are in group because a package tour accommodates 6 to 8 persons. Local and foreign tourists can opt to stay for their lodging at Paras Beach Resort or Paguia’s Cottages which are by the sea facing White Island.
Related articles:As I was scouring the Android Market for new games to play on my Android devices, I luckily stumbled upon two great titles – Bejeweled 2 and Flight Control. I say that these two titles are great games because they are both runaway hit when they were in the App Store for iPhone. I played both games on my iPhone 4 and I can’t wait to try them out on my Android phones. Anyway, in case you’re not aware of these two games or may have forgotten about them already, allow me to refresh your memories. Flight Control is an exciting game that tasks you to land planes and avoid collisions for addictive airline action. You need to guide aircraft to their landing zones while avoiding collisions.You also need to alter flight paths and keep the chaos under control. The game gives you multiple airfield environment, 10 aircraft to use including jets and helicopters. Flight Control is available for $4.99. (Android Market link) Bejeweled 2 on the other hand is a match the gems type of game. It lets you play in 4 different game modes and the gameplay is pretty simple. You just need to match sparkling gems 3 at a time to burst them. Match 4 or more to create power gems that will boost your score and your mood with brilliant cascades and combos. The game has classic mode, action mode, and puzzle mode.
Bejeweled 2 is available for $2.99 (Android Market link) Stay tuned for our full review of these two great Android games.
If I were Robin the Boy Wonder , I would have certainly said ,”Holy puck pursuit , Batman !” after watching the game last night . I did not expect a severely injured Blue Jackets team to attack us with such a fury as they did . I don’t know that Our Stars expected that out of them to such a degree either .
We were out played for the majority of this game . The Blue Jackets out-worked us by a long shot . I was surprised that this game did not go into overtime .
We had some obvious breakdowns . In fact , we had enough on certain lines that Gulutzan benched a few players during the game (an entire line to be precise) in order for him to get them to go back to the work ethic that he wanted .
Everyone knew coming into this game that the winless , injured Blue Jackets needed this game . We all heard on Ralph and Razor’s broadcast that the Jackets were punished (during their practices) for their lack of performance in their last game against Our Stars . They sincerely and deeply wanted to win . They needed to win . It showed .
From the beginning of this game the Jackets came attacking in full force . Every Jackets player wanted to win this game . Nobody was a passenger . Our Stars have obviously bought into Gulutzan’s style of hockey because if they had not , they would certainly been overcome to the onslaught that the Jackets brought . There were times that every Stars fan out there was worried (I won’t lie , I was too) but we came through .
In the first period we did a pretty good job of keeping all of the shots to the outside despite the fact that we defended a little too much for my taste . I was also a little disappointed that simple stick defending was causing us so much trouble that doing a “one and done” in Columbus’ zone was all we could muster .
Again , we could not manage to get the referees on our side . They called a few questionable (at best) calls against us . One of those calls cost us a goal . Souray answered one of his costly phantom penalties with a goal that was sent home by Ryder .
The most astounding play of this entire game , and it will be replayed for years to come , was Jamie Benn’s goal . Already the internet is exploding with the video . He deked past four (4 !) defenders and the goaltender and still manged to plant it in the back of the net . This goal will certainly be one that they replay when young Benn retires in twenty years .
My three STARS ;
1. Kari Lehtonen : If you saw this game , then you know he deserved this .
2. Jamie Benn : Undressing five guys and scoring a goal in front of millions of fans earns this spot for him hands down .
3. Steve Ott , Loui Eriksson and Sheldon Souray : Ott , Eriksson and Benn dominated every time they got on the ice . They were the number one line , not Ribs , Morrow and Ryder . Souray earned his way here for being a threat the entire game and his intelligence in his own zone . While other defencemen were simply throwing the puck away when under pressure , he made wise choices .
Honorable mentions :
Adam Burish played an excellent game as well . His intermission interview with Razor alone earned him huge bonus points in my book .Three appliances from Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue attended a two vehicle road traffic collision on Wednesday night.
At 9.02pm two crews from Sleaford and one from Grantham arrived after a crash involving a silver Peugeot 407 and a white Ford Ranger pick-up on the A153 Town End, Wilsford.
The driver of the Ford Ranger, a man from Grantham, was taken to Queen’s Medical Centre with suspected bruising after being released by firefighters using holmatro cutting gear.
The driver of the Peugeot, a man from West Yorkshire, was taken to the same hospital with a wrist injury.
Police are now appealing for witnesses of the crash which occured at about 8.55pm.
The road was closed at Ancaster crossroads on the A153 and Greylees following the collision and reopened at 3am.
Anyone with any information relating to the incident is asked to contact Lincolnshire Police on 101 quoting incident 475 of May 21.
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.Holiday decoration Merry Christmas garland banner
Product Info!Cold shower, anyone?? $1500  $2000 . See our solar hot water buying guide for more information. Cost: They range in price from about $2000 to $7000  $4000 (not including installation). Storage tank or instantaneous heater? The next decision, after heating method, is whether you go for a system with a tank, or one that heats water instantly. (MEPS) currently apply for electric hot water storage systems. MEPS are currently under consideration for other water heater types. This will eliminate inefficient models from the market and may see star rating labels appear on all hot water systems.2003-2007 in pencil as they apply to your household. Some questions ask you to print the information. OF RESIDENTS..
1. Mark one box to indicate whether the person is male or female.
2. For each person, print the age at last birthday (print "00" for babies less than 1 year old). Also print the month, day, and year of birth.
3.. 18 who is involved in the formal foster care system. For all other people who are not related to person 1 mark "Other nonrelative".
4. Mark the "Now married" box for a married person regardless of whether his or her spouse is living in the household unless they are separated. If the person's only marriage was annulled, mark the "Never married" box.
5. A person is of Spanish/Hispanic/Latino,.
6. Mark one or more categories to indicate what each person considers himself or herself to be. Burmese, Hmong, Indonesian, Laotian, Pakistani, Thai, Cambodian, Sri Lankan, and so on.
The category Other Pacific Islander includes persons who identify themselves as Fijian, Tongan, Polynesian, Tahitian, and so on.
If you mark the "Some other race" box, print the race(s) or group(s) in the space provided.
This question should be answered for ALL persons, regardless of citizenship status.
ANSWER HOUSING QUESTIONS 1 THROUGH 25 on the List of Residents on page 2 last moved into this house, apartment, or mobile home.
4. Complete this question only.; or, county, state, or stay area where the person was born. Use current boundaries, not boundaries at the time of the person's birth. For example, specify whether .
9. If the person entered.
10b. Answer this question only if the person attended regular. the questions for the next person. Do not complete any more questions for the baby.
If the person lived in the same house or apartment one year ago, mark the "Yes, this house" box and then go to instruction F.
If the person did not live in the United States one year ago, mark the "No, outside the United States" box and print the name of the foreign country, or Puerto Rico, go to instruction F.
If the person lived somewhere else in the United States one year ago, mark the "No, different house in the United States" box. Then in items 14b and 14c, provide the city, county"..
21. Mark a box for EACH period served, even if service in the period was brief.
22. Do not round the answer. For example, if total service is 1 year and 10 months, mark the "Less than 2 years" box.
23..
24. Yes.Mark the "An employee of a PRIVATE NOT FOR PROFIT, . . . organization" box if the person worked for a cooperative, credit union, mutual insurance company, or similar organization.
Employees of foreign governments, the United Nations, and other international organizations should mark the "Federal GOVERNMENT employee" box.
If the person worked at a public school, college or university, mark the appropriate government category; for example, mark the "a state GOVERNMENT employee" box for a state university, or mark the "a local GOVERNMENT employee?" box for a county-run community college or a city-run public school.
If the person works in a gambling casino owned or operated by American Indians, mark the "a local GOVERNMENT employee" box.
36."
37.Print one or more words to describe the business, industry, or individual employer named in question 36. If there is more than one activity, describe only the major activity at the place where the person worked. Enter what is made, what is sold, or what service is given. state or county welfare office. Do not include assistance received from private charities. Do not include assistance to pay heating or cooling costs.
41g. Include retirement, survivor or disability benefits received from companies and unions, Federal, state, and localProduct:
Average rating from 17 reviews.
More Products By Petromalt:
Average rating from 2 reviews.
Average rating from 75 reviews.
Average rating from 11 reviews.
Similar Products:
Average rating from 20 reviews.
Average rating from 25 reviews.
Products We Are Testing:
Readers' Reviews add review
Good flavor
posted 7 years ago
My cats like this even better than the regular flavor and it works to eliminate hair balls
Pros: New flavor
Cons: none
4 of 4 people found this review helpful.
Did you?
|
Cats love the malt flavor!
posted 7 years ago
Cats love the malt flavor!
Pros: Tasty
Cons: None
3 of 3 people found this review helpful.
Did you?
|
Fish flavor is a hit
posted 7 years ago
Most of my cats will eat this willingly. The fish flavor is the only flavor they like. This seems to help control the hairballs along with regular brushing.
Pros: 3 out of my 4 cats like it
Cons: some batches are "pastier" than others.
0 of 0 people found this review helpful.
Did you?
|
Flavor cats like
posted 6 years ago
Let any of the hairball pastes it can be a little messy to give but my cats preferred the fish flavor so it was much easier to get it in them.
Pros: cats like the fish flavor
Cons: gel paste can beShare: Comments Print June 27, 2012 at 2:47 PM Hearing postponed for ex-Pearl Jam exec accused of theft Posted by John de Leon Today’s arraignment for the former chief financial officer for Pearl Jam’s management company, who is accused of stealing hundreds of thousands of dollars from the band, has been postponed, according to the King County Prosecuting Attorney’s Office. Rickey Goodrich, who is charged with 25 counts of first-degree theft and and eight counts of second-degree theft, will now be arraigned on July 11 at the King County Courthouse. Goodrich, 54, of Novato, Calif., is accused of bilking the band’s management company out of at least $380,000 between October 2007 and June 2010, when his alleged embezzlement was discovered by another band accountant, charging papers say. Goodrich was hired by Pearl Jam Touring Co. in 2005; the next year he was named chief financial officer for Curtis Inc., the management company owned by the band’s manager, Kelly Curtis, the papers say. Curtis Inc., and not the band, is the named victim in all 33 counts, the papers show. Comments | More in The Blotter | Topics: King County Prosecuting Attorney's Office, Pearl Jam, theftHome > Releases > Regional and State Employment and Unemployment > All Employees: Education and Health Services in Midland, TX (MSA) (MIDL248EDUHN)
Download Data |
Add to My Data List
| Current Series in FRED
Graph:
Edit |
Print |
PDF |
Save
Related Categories
U.S. Regional Data > States > Texas > MSAs > Midland, TXEach morning, I like to start the day off with a workout—usually a morning jog. I can clear my head, plan my day and think about what’s going on around the NFC South.
Despite rankings to the contrary on "The Top 100: Players of 2012," James Walker of ESPN.com wrote that Jimmy Graham is not better than Rob Gronkowski.
Malcolm Jenkins was burned by a high school kid twice at football camp recently, according to this NFL.com report and multiple Twitter accounts. Jenkins handed the kid his shoes.
There's at least one New Orleans dining establishment where commissioner Roger Goodell cannot get a bite to eat (Times-Picayune).
Quarterback Matt Ryan has never had to deal with a new coordinator in Atlanta. This Atlanta Journal-Constitution piece looks at Ryan learning from new offensive coordinator Dirk Koetter.
Linebacker Matt Hansen picked off a pass on the final day of minicamp and told Daniel Cox that it's always good to leave on a high note (George Costanza has a similar mantra as well).
Hansen made the move from safety to linebacker last season and has been making huge strides toward making this team in 2012 after signing, being cut and signing again during his undrafted rookie free-agent year of 2011 (AtlantaFalcons.com).
Steve Smith went on NFL Network Thursday night and said that the team did not need Plaxico Burress.
How many carries will Doug Martin get for the Buccaneers in 2012?
Josh Freeman's problem in 2011 was a matter of lost confidence, according to Ron Jaworski (Pro Football Talk).
Rookie Doug Martin is definitely in the running for the starting running back job in Tampa Bay (Pewter Report).
NFC South
Gil Brandt's power rankings on NFL.com have the NFC South teams ranked: Saints, Falcons, Panthers and Buccaneers. Click the link to see where your team landed.
If it's anything like the FL cookbook, it will make for very interesting in infuriating reading. Please, can someone stop Keller before he sous vides again?
I'm pretty sure it's the long awaited cook book on sous vide. I think originally it was going to be launched with some equipment to make doing it at home easy, but I think that idea was scrapped.
About/Contact CHOW |
Posting Guidelines |
Feedback
CBS Entertainment | About CBS Interactive | Jobs | Advertise
© CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Ad Choice | Terms of UseSession 20
Sunday June 11, 2006 9:15PM TO 10:25PM
Mass Art 621 Huntington Avenue Boston
Assupmtion (16 min)
John (JAMES DENTON) finds himself in the psychiatric ward of a
hospital with amnesia. He is the chief suspect in the criminal
investigation of an explosion at a local refinery. Doctors Crenvalt
(SCOTT THOMSON) and Utterborg (LENNY ROSE) are charged with
evaluating John's ability to answer questions that Detective Bonell
(DAVID ALAN GRAF) has about the explosion. When John claims that
he is from another planet, one doctor thinks he’s lying to avoid
prosecution; the other thinks he may be mentally ill. A nurse (SHAWN
LOCKIE) who lost her father in the refinery explosion is willing to risk
everything to make sure that John doesn’t get away with murder.
PRINCIPAL CAST:
James Denton (Desperate Housewives,
Threat Matrix, Philly, The Pretender)
Scott Thomson (Clockstoppers, Twister,
Police Academy (1, 3 & 4), Fast Times
at Ridgemont High)
Shawn Lockie (Carbuncle, Cain And Abel
(TV Pilot), Seinfeld (NBC), Cracker (ABC))
Lenny Rose (Days Of Our Lives, General Hospital,
ER 'Friendly Fire', Seinfeld 'Airplane', Coach)
David Graf (This Girl's Life, The Steve Harvey Show,
The Teenage Witch, General Hospital,)
DIRECTOR, EXECUTIVE PRODUCER : Christopher Keller
PRODUCER: Christopher Keller, Matthew Klawitter, David Rodriguez
______________________________________________________
Rick's Head (5 min)
Rick McCartney, a sixty-year old failed actor, asks his son Sam to help
him get a part in Hamlet. It's 'to be or not to be' time, but Sam refuses
when he hears the bizarre plan. Undeterred, Rick kills himself and
returns as a ghost and haunts Sam into submission. It's curtains up in
three days and Sam has to dig his dad's body up, cut his head off and
swap it for Yorick's. Will Sam get Rick's head to the theatre on time?
PRINCIPAL CAST:
Conor Morrison
Mark Mulholland (Ryan's Daughter, Far & Away,
The Boxer, The Honeymooners, Puckoon)
WRITER: Michael McCartney,
DIRECTOR: Stephen McGeough,
PRODUCER: Michael Kelly
EXECUTIVE PRODUCER: Hugh McGrory
_______________________________________________________
Rogairi (16 min)
In 1763, an evil landlord vies to inherit the Rotherham estate via
nefarious means. His ruthless and diabolical crimes fall under the
scrutiny of a Celtic witch, who undertakes a terrible revenge against
him.
WRITER, DIRECTOR: Tom Cosgrove
PRODUCER: Catherine O'Flaherty
EXECUTIVE PRODUCER: Brian Willis
_______________________________________________________
Zombie Prom (36 min)
ZOMBIE PROM is a 1950s horror comic book brought to life as a
musical comedy - a rollicking romp through America’s “Atomic Age”
and the Golden Age of horror comic books. Set in the fabulous
Nuclear 50s, ZOMBIE PROM is the musical tale of a sweet teenage
girl named ‘Toffee’ (a Gidget-type) and her ‘rebel nuclear power plant, and in desperation flings himself
into a nuclear cooling tower! Guilt-ridden and alone, Toffee mourns
the loss of her true love, until the day when Jonny returns - risen from
the dead as a TEENAGE NUCLEAR ZOMBIE! The mass of
decomposing flesh professes his love and tells Toffee that he wants
her back. Toffee is racked with indecision, but Miss Strict refuses to
allow “zombie scum” in her fine institution. She states, “The Satanic
walking dead are strictly prohibited at Fermi High!” She even
threatens to cancel the senior prom. With the school in crisis,
questions mount. Will Toffee take Jonny back? Will Miss Strict let
Jonny come back to school? Or will she cancel the prom, ruining the
most important night in the lives of the students of Enrico Fermi High?!
PRINCIPAL CAST
RUPAUL Charles (The RUPAUL show - VH1;
The Brady Bunch Movie; A Very Brady Sequel;
To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar;
But I'm a Cheerleader)
David Engel (Best Little Whore House in Texas/
Broadway Stage: Forever Plaid; La Cage aux Folles;
Putting it Together; Seussical: the Musical)
Darren Robertson
Candice Nicole
WRITER, DIRECTOR, PRODUCER: Vince Marcello
WEBSITE:
_______________________________________________________
Satanic (90 min)
Michelle survives a car accident in which her father was killed. She is
sent to a halfway house, where she has bad dreams in which she
relives her father’s accusations about why she attacked another girl
who they were driving to the hospital and his grisly death. Her juvenile
record, her journal and her things all indicate she is a troubled youth,
into black magic and drugs. Michelle uses the ouija to try to contact
her dead father. A killer stalks her life, killing the other residents in the
halfway house, one by one. In the end, Michelle discovers she is not
Michelle but, but Kayla, the other girl, whom Evil-Michelle, the real
daughter, had befriended and was planning to kill in order to receive
immorality and punish her father. When Kayla survived the crash in
which the real Michelle disappeared, the doctors thought she was
Michelle and gave her Michelle’s face in reconstructive surgery. The
real Michelle has been stalking her to reclaim her immorality since
Kayla got it by mistake. They fight and one dies in a burning room.
The doctor’s must reconstruct the face of the survivor, who they think
is Michelle.
PRINCIPAL CAST:
Jeffrey Combs (Detective Joiner)
James Russo
Angus Scrimm
Annie Sorell (Michelle)
Brett Erickson
Eliza Swenson (Dalia)
Brian Burnette
Rick Dean
Diane Goldner (as Diane Ayala Goldner)
Alicia Loren
DIRECTOR: Dan Golden
WRITER: Dan Golden, Ben Powell
PRODUCER: Barry BarnholtzA Business Checking Account that's TOTALLY free!
Get more for your money at American First!
Totally Free Business Checking
To assist in opening your new account, we may request the following:
Sole Proprietor
Partnership
Limited Liability Company or Corporation
Fictitious Business Name Statement may also be required
You use your Checking Account for everything, so we have an account that works for you..
FREE Visa® Business Debit Card
Enjoy everyday access to your funds at 30,000 Free ATMs and the convenience of making purchases without writing a check.!
Overdraft Privilege, $1.50- 
Safe
Byracepair
May 15, 2015
I am a returning customer to this properity. My lodging is paid by my employer, so I could stay where ever I wanted. I prefer this hotel for its cleaniness and great service. The staff here is awesome, and most importantly; I feel safe here. Other hotels in the area have staff that sleep when you do. not here, someone always watching during all hours of the night.
Great find for this area
ByMasteron
May 11, 2015
What a pleasant surprise to find the Candlewood Suites! Nice facility, close to the job site and stores nearby. Staff was very courteous and there are so many extras, I didn't get to use very many. I'll be going there for all my visits to this area. This is a very recommendable place for anyone.
Comfortable bed and great service
ByMahealani
April 30, 2015
This was my first visit to Galveston and I selected the hotel for the good rates and pet friendly option. The room was very comfortable but a little dirty - stains on the chairs, window area dirty, alarm clock not set to correct time. There were no towels for use in the pool or gym area. The staff was very welcoming and helpful at all hours. The Candlewood Cupboard was convenient. The pet walking area is nice.
A little more attention to detail with cleanliness and upkeep would be my only advice. I would definitely stay there again.
Always happy here
ByLag63
April 22, 2015
Always a pleasant stay. Never any issues and the staff and management are always there for us. I do only wish we had a balcony but of course that is not a deal breaker. Always feel comfy at my home away from home. Liking the updated carpets, paint etc....and the huge lending locker is a big plus.Tag: rick nash
NHL Central Division Player Movement Update II
Blue Jackets Trade Rick Nash
Central Division Cap Situations
Should the Blackhawks Pursue Rick Nash?
Western Conference Intrigue: Ranking the Forwards
Mike Richards and Jeff Carter: How Thursday Changes the NHL’s Western Conference
Blue Jackets Chances? Gone in 60 Seconds
Greek Honey Cake
Total Time
Prep 15 mins
Cook 40 mins
A Greek cake that tastes a little like the much more complicated Greek dessert, baklava. Posted for ZWT #6.
Ingredients Nutrition
- 1 cup all-purpose flour
- 1 1⁄2 teaspoons baking powder
- 1⁄4 teaspoon salt
- 1⁄2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
- 1 teaspoon orange zest
- 3⁄4 cup butter
- 3⁄4 cup white sugar
- 3 eggs
- 1⁄4 cup milk
- 1 cup chopped walnuts
- 1 cup white sugar
- 1 cup honey
- 3⁄4 cup water
- 1 teaspoon lemon juice
Directions
-.
Reviews
Most Helpful
.jpg)
This was exceptionally moist and very tasty. We had a minor mishap with the sauce, which was no fault of yours - I stepped away from the stove for a minute and it boiled over and made a huge mess! Nevertheless, what we salvaged was very good. I made mini cupcakes but it didn't really help with portion control cause my husband just kept popping them in his mouth! Thanks for the recipe!
I never write reviews, but, this is worthy of a five star review. Absolutely beautiful!<br/>I love sweet greek cakes and this is by far the best I have ever tasted. If people have a sweet tooth, don't miss this one.<br/>The cake without the syrup is also so very good on it's own, with the syrup it's magic!<br/>Will be making again very soon.<br/>Mark (Greece)
Greek Honey CakeBecause the National Park Service, which owns the Mall, hates fun.
Seriously. Fun activities prohibited by law without permits on Washington’s Park Service-owned land include organized games, swimming and bathing, and flying model planes. The play-it-safe ethos extends to food and beverage vending, too. All the rights reside in a single concession contract, held since 1986 by a nationwide company called Guest Services International. The deal doesn’t give anyone much incentive to innovate.
But this might change. The 25-year deal is currently running on one-year extensions. A new contract could feature requirements for more and better food offerings; a 2010 plan calls for redesigned cultural event spaces, too. Meanwhile, Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton is prodding the Park Service to encourage more music on the Mall during lunchtime. It won’t be Bryant Park anytime soon, but your kids might at least be able to get a milkshake.
Our Readers Say127th GA Capital Budget Bill - HB 562
As Reported by Senate Finance & Financial Institutions
HB 562 Fiscal Note & Capital Item Analysis
Table of Contents - Capital Item Analysis
Summary Reports
Capital Appropriations by Fund
Capital Appropriations by Agency
Capital Appropriations by Fund and Agency
Capital Appropriations by Agency and Fund
Capital Appropriations by Agency and Project Type
County Breakdown of Projects
Capital Appropriations by Agency Line Item and Fund
Administrative Services, Department of
Agriculture, Department of
Alcohol and Drug Addiction Services, Department of
Ohio Cultural Facilities Commission
Capitol Square Review and Advisory Board
Development, Department of
Job and Family Services, Department of
Mental Health, Department of
Mental Retardation and Developmental Disabilities, Department of
Natural Resources, Department of
Public Safety, Department of
Regents, Ohio Board of and State Institutions of Higher Education
Rehabilitation and Correction, Department of
School for the Blind, Ohio State
School for the Deaf, Ohio State
Transportation, Department of
Ohio Veterans' Home Agency
Youth Services, Department ofMel B. aka “Scary Spice” of The Spice Girls‘ was recently poolside lounging in Luli Fama’s Cosita Buena bikini and spilling about how hubby Stephan Belafonte won’t be in the delivery room with her.
She’s taking after other celeb fans such as Bar Rafaeli, Beyoncé Knowles, Jennifer Aniston, Kate Hudson, Kourtney Kardashian, Leann Rimes and Marissa Miller and going poolside in Luli Fama. The Cosita Buena bikini is great for moms-to-be– the thick halter straps provided added lift where you need it most and the expandable sides on the bottoms give extra room on the lower torso and hips.
So is she looking forward to sharing the birth of baby number three with her husband? Talking to New Magazine, she explained, ‘Will he be my birthing partner? Oh God no, he’s going to be horrendous.
‘I mentioned to him that at some point we’re going to pack our overnight bag and he literally went white.
‘So I instantly had a flash forward that he’s going to be all over the place and I’m just going to be sitting there breathing and doing what I need to do and laughing at him pacing.’
The 35-year-old star added that having given birth before the natural way, she is planning to have all the painkilling drugs that she can get.
‘It’s all about the drugs,’ she said. ‘I’ve experienced not having pain medication – not by choice but because my pain medication wore off – so I’ve experienced the hard corners of it.’Church of the Nazarene
499 Trebisky Road
Richmond Heights, Ohio 44143
Phone: 216-486-6674
Worship Service Times:
Sunday Morning Worship
Sunday @ 11:00 AM
Children's Church
Sunday @ 11:00 AM
Midweek Youth & Kid Services
Wednesday @ 6:30 PM
Bible Study Groups
A Discipleship Journey
Sunday @ 10:00 AM
Wednesday @ 6:30 PM
Children's Sunday School
Sunday @ 10:00 AM
Teen Sunday School
Sunday @ 10:00 AMGreen Festival Exhibitors
Ameritech Construction
2841 Hartland Road Suite 306, Falls Church, VA, USA, 22043 - View Map
For decades, Ameritech Construction has been providing energy efficient windows for Virginia, Maryland, and Metro D.C. area residents as well as doors, siding, and more products of unmatched craftsmanship at an unbeatable value. No other company in the area offers the same products from our reputable manufacturers, all highly regarded for their expert craftsmanship and dedication to green construction. This means that no other company in Maryland, D.C., or Virginia has windows and doors that can match ours when it comes to durability and energy efficiency.Mark Gardner wrote: >But does anyone know of any working and reliable T2 or S2 tuners? I'm under the impression that they are few and far between at the moment - and so I'm personally still using DVB-T only. >It's a shame Linux drivers are seemingly second fiddle to Windows >drivers. The BGT3600 would seem to be the ideal card if the drivers >ever become available. That simple market economics. For most manufacturers, the world begins and ends with the output from Redmond. For those that do recognise the existence of alternatives, they will see the simple economics of Windows=90+% of users=one set of drivers to write. And of course, for those that do support Linux, they then have to face the impossible task of writing reliable drivers, that comply with NDAs they'll have signed with their upstream technology vendors, that work on all distros, and don't inflame the (seemingly very vocal) purists who won't allow non-GPL code to taint the kernel. I suspect this latter bit may have put some vendors off - if they've "had a go" and got nothing but pain from the potential users then they may well decide not to bother again. -- Simon Hobson Visit for books by acclaimed author Gladys Hobson. Novels - poetry - short stories - ideal as Christmas stocking fillers. Some available as e-books.When most of the Air Force Academy's 4,400 cadets were off to beaches, ski destinations or hometowns, 65 volunteered to spend their spring break building homes for families in need.
For more than a decade, academy cadets have been giving up their spring break to give back to communities around the country, helping Habitat for Humanity build affordable housing.
This year, cadets fanned out to Gardena, California; Taos, New Mexico; Houston, Texas; Spokane, Washington; and Kalispell, Montana.
The program is part of a nationwide collegiate effort in coordination with Habitat for Humanity, said senior cadet Chelsea Renfro of Quinlan, Texas.
Renfro, who spent five years as an enlisted airman before coming to the academy, is the cadet leader for the school's alternate spring break program.
She said she began putting together her staff of two juniors and three sophomores in October to help plan this year's event
"The military gets so much from the community," she said. "Even when I was deployed, people I didn't know were sending me care packages.
"This program is important because it provides an avenue for cadets that want to give back - to give back without costing them money."
While Renfro was moving 1,000 sheets of drywall in Gardena, California, junior cadet Sarah Folse was putting up fences in Houston, Texas.
"I love it. This is my third year in the program," Folse said.
"I'm from New Orleans and after Katrina, I remember seeing the groups come in to help rebuild," she said. "They gave to my community, and I'm going to give back."
The cadets drive government vehicles to each location and Habitat for Humanity provides lodging, which is usually a church floor for the five days they are on the job, Renfro said.
The academy conducts a safety briefing for the cadets prior to their departure, Folse said, and Habitat for Humanity provides all necessary protective gear and experts on-site to guide the cadets' labor.
Both Renfro and Folse said they were fortunate to meet at least one of the beneficiaries of the housing they were helping to build.
"What really struck me about the program is that each family has to put in a certain number of sweat equity hours in order to get their house," Folse said. "That makes it their home."
The alternate spring break and other volunteer programs are part of cadet service learning from the Academy's Center for Character and Leadership Development.
The Center boasted more than 38,000 hours of community service during the academy's last academic year. idea what the first four paragraphs say.
"He also said the team didn't make the right adjustments for the second half..."
You mean like pulling Jefferson from the game? Yeah, he's right.
When are you going to hit up a King Roast Beef Po-Boy at Russell's Short Stop Po-Boys, Brett?
4.84 - The Saints should sign him and replace Scott Shanle at LB. That dude is a sloth.
I hope these old-timers don't throw a huge snag in this. I know they were attacking Brees last week, but it's called personal responsibility. Save up.
Miles has been saying this doofus has been "turning the corner" for four years. Yes, I get that Miles may be a doofus as well, but I'm not believing this until I see him on the field with 10 other yellow helmets on his side. I just cannot bring myself to believe this yet. He was DEFINITELY outplayed in the Spring Game.
Thanks Donovan! Not everyone on here is a complete A-hole!
Does anybody know what song was playing while she was making that shrimp and grits dish? It's not the one noted in the article when Donald Link says hello.
Vince Vance needs to stick to music.
What up Phil? When are you guys doing another North American tour?
Who Dat
What in the name of Westwego does that sign say?
How in the name of Jim Mora has not one single, predatorial NOLA.com commenter not gotten a hold of this picture yet?
Tastee Donut's Kastle Burgers are the best food on Earth the morning after a nasty bourbon binge.
Rodriguez runs spread. Miles wants pro-style.
That being said, this news proves that there is a God and he does listen.
Farewell to Feel-good Resolutions:
They do these sports resolutions constantly.
What are the chances Miles lets this mini-Roethlisberger start over Jordan "WTF am I doing?" Jefferson?
Tulane still has a team? I assume they play those games at Gormley?
This is an awful idea. Patrick Peterson already has a problem with dehydration and requires in-game IVs. Why risk injury to your best defensive and special teams player (no offense daniel graff) in order to boost his Heisman campaign? We have more than enough capable players on offense (Russell Shepard, Reuban Randle, Spencer Ware, etc.). The focus needs to be on play-calling and QB play, not on getting Patrick Peterson the ball on offense.
I wish they would be available in normal t-shirt material. This hipster American Apparel nonsense drives me crazy.: Charlie Sheen
Charlie Sheen and fake Rahm Emanuel on Twitter
ALSO, don’t miss: Kimmel Kartoon Late Night With Jimmy Fallon Charlie Sheen Guinness World Record Animated films mocking Charlie Sheen
Posted in Twitter, Videos Tagged Charlie Sheen, Rahm Emanuel, The Colbert Report, Twitter, videos Comments Off on Charlie Sheen and fake Rahm Emanuel on Twitter
Kimmel Kartoon – Charlie Brown and Charlie Sheen
Posted in Videos Tagged Charlie Brown, Charlie Sheen, videos Comments Off on Kimmel Kartoon – Charlie Brown and Charlie Sheen
Late Night with Jimmy Fallon: Charlie Sheen Winning
This cracked me up.
Posted in Celebrities, Fun stuff, Videos Tagged Charlie Sheen, videos, Youtube Comments Off on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon: Charlie Sheen Winning
Charlie Sheen sets Guinness World Record
Charlie Sheen sets new Guinness World Record for Twitter for fastest person to reach 1 million followers. Does anyone care? Are you following Sheen and his off-screen antics?
Posted in Celebrities, Twitter Tagged Charlie Sheen, Twitter Comments Off on Charlie Sheen sets Guinness World Record
I’ve been duped by a fake Charlie Sheen
I’ve been duped by a fake Charlie Sheen. Should have know the real-deal would never had responded to little old me. Looks like I got responded to by one of many fake Charlie Sheen accounts. Sheen’s confirmed account has more … 
Posted in Celebrities, Twitter Tagged Charlie Sheen, Twitter 3 Comments
I don’t think Charlie Sheen likes me much
I think I pissed Charlie Sheen off this morning on Twitter. My tweet: Hey @Charliesheen, are you taping this for a reality show episode of Life With Charlie? Seriously, dude. Get help. It’s OK to ask, ya know? His response: … 
Posted in Celebrities, Names in news, Twitter Tagged Charlie Sheen, Tigerblood, vidoes 2 Comments
The Charlie Sheen saga continues and now on Twitter, too
12:34 a.m. … @jeffrossen: BREAKING: Charlie Sheen tells NBC News officers have just removed his twin boys from his LA home. 12:36 a.m. .. @charliesheen My sons’ are fine… My path is now clear… Defeat is not an option..! Some … 
Posted in Twitter Tagged Charlie Sheen, Twitter Comments Off on The Charlie Sheen saga continues and now on Twitter, too
Charlie Sheen on Twitter
Charlie Sheen has a Twitter account. When I last checked, he had 28,620 followers. He hasn’t tweeted anything yet. If you don’t want to miss his first rant, follow him now, @Charliesheen. What do you think his first word will … 
Posted in Twitter Tagged Charlie Sheen, Twitter Comments Off on Charlie Sheen on Twitter
Mocking Charlie Sheen
You knew this was coming. What do you think of Charlie Sheen’s offscreen antics?
Posted in Free stuff, Fun stuff, Videos Tagged Charlie Sheen, videos 1 Comment8 Reasons Small Business Owners Must Remain Cautious
Mar 8, 2012
Despite some positive economic indicators, small businesses in the U.S. still have a lot to fear, according to Gene Marks in The Huffington Post. Marks outlines eight things about the economy that continue to “scare” small business owners:
- Gross Domestic Product: Marks points out that while GDP was revised upwards for the fourth quarter, it is projected to hover around 3% for 2012, which isn’t much to get excited about. A good growth rate, according to Marks, is around 5 - 6%.
- Debt and Deficits: With a national debt of $15 trillion, tax increases and/or significant cuts in spending are on the horizon. Small business owners are anticipating the tax increases that will go into effect in 2013 as a result of healthcare reform, and, according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s Small Business Outlook Survey, 74% of these business owners say the recent healthcare law makes it harder for their businesses to hire more employees. The survey also finds that small business owners view regulation and the federal debt and deficit as equally threatening to their businesses (39% to 39%).
- Inflation and Interest: The Fed has $3 trillion of assets on reserves. Marks said, “This means that banks have the ability to inject massive amounts of money into our system and they may do so if the economy heats up and credit-worthy businesses start actually asking for financing…And if demand does increase the Fed's strongest weapon to control this inflationary threat would be to raise interest rates.”
- The Stock Market: While the stock market seems to be doing well, drastic fluctuations have become commonplace and make business owners wary.
- Energy: Virtually all small businesses are hurt by high energy costs. While building the Keystone Pipeline XL or drilling for offshore oil could help alleviate energy costs in the future, current gas and utility prices are preventing many small businesses from growing in the present.
- Europe: Marks points out that Europe’s financial crisis affects small businesses in the United States. “The GDP of the European Community alone is about $18 trillion. That means less economic activity with us.”
- Unemployment: While recent employment numbers have shown modest improvement, there are still 5 million more people unemployed in the U.S. than there were before the economic downtown of the past few years. The Small Business Outlook Survey indicated employers’ plans to hire in 2012 didn’t increase, with 63% planning to keep the same number of employees in the next year.
- Overall Business Conditions: Upticks in manufacturing activity and consumer confidence are not noteworthy enough to consider the U.S. a healthy business climate. Most measures of growth are still significantly behind pre-downturn levels.
Click here to read Marks’ full article in The Huffington Post.Antlerslerslers
- Upper Little Truckee Campground
- Gurnsey Creek Campground
- Hat Creek Campground
- Glory Hole Recreation Area Campground
- Dinkey Creek Campground
- Morro Strand Sb Campground
- Van Vleck Bunkhouse Campground
- Chekaka Campground
- Stoney Group/shasta-trinity Campground
- College Campground
- Hungry Gulch Campground
- Gerle Creek Campground
- Long Meadow Campground
- Silver Creek-truckee Campground
- Rock Creek Lake Group Camp Campground
- Moore Creek Campground
- Paradise Campground
- Lower Little Truckee Campground
- Pines Group/stanislaus CampgroundI have the pro-version of the plugin and after having problems accessing my site it came back on and I could no longer login.
I have tried visiting and just get 'The webpage at has resulted in too many redirects. Clearing your cookies for this site or allowing third-party cookies may fix the problem. If not, it is possibly a server configuration issue and not a problem with your computer'
I have tried accessing through Plex administrative interface and have same problem. I tried renaming W3 total cache and have both renamed and removed and reinstalled ultimate coming soon plugin. I have enabled cookied, deleted cookies, emptied my cache and the plugin stays there and I still cant get in.
I left this page as a backdoor to login when the site was working but again whilst I can type it login it just redirects me. sometimes the page is turning up fine with the theme others it just appears as a list. However it appears I am still unable to enter.
Any advice you could offer would be most appreciated!PHOTOS: Amazing pictures of waterspouts and other severe weather events!
(USATODAY.com) - Alyssa Milano sets the scene: Vacation in Cabo. Hunky guy in bed. Rose petals strewn about. Candles lit.
And she's got on some sexy underthings. Woo. Things are getting steamy.
** Scroll down to see the video **
And then, in her Funny or Die video (hint, hint), just as the actress props the camera up, she knocks it over, leaving it focused squarely on the evening news.
While a mirror shows snippets of blankets and we hear a few groans from the bed, ultimately we wind up watching information about the Syria situation.
Is Milano trying to send us a message about what we should beNew Car Review
1998 Chevrolet Monte Carlo LS
by Carey Russ
SEE ALSO: Chevrolet Buyer's Guide
"Monte Carlo" is a grand old name in Chevrolet history. It first graced a front-engined, rear-wheel drive personal coupe from 1970 through the late 1980s. The 1970 Monte Carlo was a car for its day, with a six foot-long hood and available in SS muscle car form with a 454 cubic inch, 365 horsepower V8 engine.
The "Monte" remained popular through several redesigns in the 1970s and 1980s. It served as a basis for cars raced on the NASCAR stock car circuit during that period. But time and technology caught up with the rear-wheel drive design, and it gave way to the Lumina Coupe in 1988. When the second-generation Lumina made its debut in 1995, the Monte Carlo nameplate was applied to the coupe form.
As the original Monte Carlo was a car for its day, the 1998 Monte Carlo is a car for its day. Reflecting changes in technology and consumer tastes, the current car emphasizes value, balanced performance, and space efficiency rather than the macho attitude and straight-line performance of the muscle car era. Two models are offered - the LS and Z34. Both combine sporty styling and handling with midsized room. As it has done since its introduction, the LS uses a 3.1-liter V6 engine. New to the sportier Z34 this year is the 3800 Series II V6 also used in the Camaro. The Monte Carlo nameplate continues to grace the Chevrolets raced in NASCAR.
The 1998 Monte Carlo LS currently sitting in my driveway may not have the dragstrip acceleration of a big-block 1970 SS, but I'd wager that it gets around corners and stops better. And is certainly quieter and more comfortable in the bargain. It's a personal coupe that combines NASCAR-inspiring style, a high degree of comfort, economical operation, and the sort of good handling that makes a car enjoyable.
APPEARANCE: The Monte Carlo's sleek, aerodynamic styling looks like it was inspired by the racing version. Actually, things are the other way around. The street car was shaped to allow its near-lookalike racing namesake to work at high speeds on the NASCAR stock car racing circuit. The street version wears its performance heritage subtly. From the side, the car has a rounded wedge shape. The hood is long for a modern front-drive car, but far short of the old six feet. At the front, a small air intake is flanked by oval headlights. The LS model has chrome trim around the intake and a chromed Chevy bowtie; the Z34 is chromeless, with a red bowtie. A semi-fastback passenger cabin with a short rear quarter window and thick C-pillar echo some Monte Carlo styling cues from the past.
COMFORT: Inside, the Monte Carlo LS shows its practical, comfort- oriented side. Space utilization is very good for a coupe. Materials are the synthetics expected for the price, but there are far more comfort and convenience features than one might expect. With options, my test car was around the new-car average price. But it had a more than average equipment level. Although a split-bench front seat is standard, this one had the optional cloth-covered buckets. These come with a full console that includes a cupholder and deep, covered storage box. The rear contoured bench seat has real room for two medium-sized people, or three for less time. It folds with a 60/40 split for increased trunk capacity. The trunk itself is far larger than usual for a coupe. The AM/FM/CD stereo automatically adjusts the volume level to compensate for external noise levels at varying speeds. A fast-acting climate control system with dual temperature control keeps the inside at the right temperature. Good instrument panel and control design helps give the driver of the Monte Carlo LS a good environment in which to work.
SAFETY: Standard safety equipment in the Chevrolet Monte Carlo includes safety cage chassis construction with front and rear crush zones and door beams, dual depowered "next generation" airbags, antilock brakes, the PASS-Key II theft-deterrent system, and daytime running lights.
ROADABILITY: A rigid chassis and well-tuned fully-independent suspension give the Monte Carlo LS a comfortable ride and good handling characteristics. It is sportingly firm, but compliant enough to stay put on bumpy roads. The power-assisted rack and pinion steering is quick and has the right touch for good response and feel. It's pleasant on the highways and enjoyable on the byways.
PERFORMANCE: The 3.1-liter V6 used in the Monte Carlo LS has been upgraded and refined over the years. It is smooth, quiet, and has good low-speed torque. It works well in most city and highway driving situations, with reasonable power for merging and passing. It is no big- block V8, though. With 160 horsepower in a 3200 lb. car, immediate, muscle-car class acceleration is not going to happen. On the other hand, fuel economy is considerably better than that of a large V8, and maintenance is minimal. The 4-speed electronically-controlled automatic transmission does its job quietly and efficiently.
CONCLUSIONS: The Chevrolet Monte Carlo LS combines style, comfort, and functionality.
SPECIFICATIONS Base Price $ 17,795 Price As Tested $ 20,564 Engine Type 12-valve pushrod overhead valve V6 Engine Size 3.1 liters / 191 cu. in. Horsepower 160 @ 5200 Torque (lb-ft) 185 @ 4000 Transmission 4-speed electronically-controlled automatic Wheelbase / Length 107.5 in. / 200.7 in. Curb Weight 3239 lbs. Pounds Per Horsepower 20 Fuel Capacity 16.6 gal. Fuel Requirement unleaded regular, 87 octane Tires P225/60 R16 Goodyear Eagle GA Brakes, front/rear vented disc / drum, antilock standard Suspension, front/rear independent MacPherson strut / independent MacPherson strut with lateral links Drivetrain front engine, front wheel drive PERFORMANCE EPA Fuel Economy - miles per gallon city / highway / observed 20 / 29 / 24 0 to 60 mph 9.5 sec 1/4 mile (E.T.) 17.7 sec OPTIONS AND CHARGES Preferred Equipment Group 1: electronic speed control with resume, power trunk opener, cargo net, dual zone temperature control, remote keyless entry $ 635 6-way power driver's seat $ 305 Custom cloth bucket seats with full floor console, reclining seat backs, 4-way manual seat adjuster $ 200 P225/60 R16 touring radial tires $ 175 CA / NY / MA emissions $ 170 Leather-covered steering wheel with radio controls $ 171 Electric rear window defogger $ 170 AM / FM stereo with CD player $ 93 Destination charge $ 550PENNIES FOR PATIENTS!!
Every year Joe Wilson team up with the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society to raise funds for cancer patients. We have been able to donate over $1000 annually to the organization through Pennies for Patients! The competition amongst homerooms will begin November 1 and end November 11. All cash monies are accepted. So, get you pennies, nickles, dimes, quarters, and dollars together to raise money for a great cause!!!! The homeroom that raises the most money will win a pizza party!
Pennies for Patients” collections continue: for the larger donations please you may make your check payable to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society. Our students are learning about giving back through this program…“Since 1994, millions of dollars have been raised in pennies and other spare change by more than 10 million elementary, middle and high school students throughout the country. The funds, collected during a three-week period, benefit.”Gus Stone is an Extremely Versatile, youthful to middle aged adult sounding voice talent. He's energetic to conversational, smooth to hard sell and fun to passionate for radio and TV commercials. Gus is also professional for narrations and presentations.
English (North American), English
N/A
Teen, Young Adult, Middle Aged
Cartoons, Movie Trailers, Documentaries, Educational, Radio, Telephone, Podcasting, Television, Internet
-Over 20 years experience Local, Regional, National
-Radio
-TV
-Telephone On Hold
-Internet
-Narration
Gus Stone strives to be "Real" in his reads. Although he comes for a radio background, Gus is NOT your typical "radio announcer type". He has attended many different Voice-Over workshops throughout his, twenty plus years, career and continues to do so; always working on honing his skills. Gus has done voice over work for both radio and TV that has aired in markets such as: Los Angeles, San Diego, Las Vegas, Phoenix, Houston, Chicago, and more. Some of Gus's clients include: Carpet One (TV nationwide), Camelback Toyota (Radio Phoenix), Geary Company( Concert spots for Los Angeles, San Diego, Las Vegas) Buffalo Wild Wings (Las Vegas), All Harley Drag Racing Association (Multiple markets including: Chicago, Baltimore, St. Louis, and more), Station Casinos (Las Vegas), Utah Shakespearean Festival (Salt Lake City, Las Vegas, Phoenix), and more. Gus has also done narration work for instructional and educational videos including: The Sacramento Municipal Utility District (Meningitis Video).
College, Voice-over Workshops, Voice Coaching
ElectroVoice RE20 w/Symetrix 528E Processor
pc adobie audition
symetrix 528E mic processor, Adobe Audition (with all the Waves plugins), several Keyboards(musical instuments)
Mp3 (Email), FTP (yousendit),
24 hours preferably
Simply Dry Voice over to Fully Produced Audio
Your demo for this spot was great, and I'm honored that a professional of your caliber would consider this projectKelly Lipscomb
Voice America (Internet Talk Radio) National Imaging
Audio-Video Networks USA (Production House) Phoenix, AZ Numerous VO’s
AHDRA (All Harley Drag Racing) National Radio
Plastic Cow Productions (numerous toy commercials) National Television
Camelback Toyota Phoenix, AZ Radio
Stu the Squirrel San Francisco, CA Animation VO
Terrible Herbst” gas stations & Convenience stores NV, AZ, & CA Radio
Terrible Herbst” gas stations & Convenience stores NV, AZ, & CA Gas pump audio
Carpet One Multi-Markets Television
Buffalo Wild Wings Las Vegas, NV Radio
Hollywood Jammers Los Angeles, CA Radio & Internet
Cannery Casino Las Vegas, NV TV & Radio
Cox Communications Numerous Markets Television
Cirque Du Soliel Las Vegas, NV Radio
Used Computer Warehouse Seattle, WA Television
Golds Gym Multi-Markets In House Music VO
Meningitis Awareness Video Sacramento, CA Narration
Mandalay Bay Casino Las Vegas, NV Radio
Sahara Casino Las Vegas, NV Radio, on hold, TV
Riviera Casino Las Vegas, NV Radio, in house TV
Station Casinos Las Vegas, NV Radio
Hireus Stone about your project, request a quote today. We'll walk you through the process step-by-step. It's fast and easy.
Watch a video and learn how to request a quote
Working with Gus Stone is fast and easy. We'll walk you through the process step-by-step.
Request a quote for your project today.Marco from The Icemen gives us the harsh truth. Coming soon… ‘the ‘crew’ ‘rock-n-roll all night and party everyday’ in a world of starving children?”
[TO BE CONTINUED]
-Gordo DCXX
When you break up from your band, it’s like a divorce, and I didn’t want to go through that. You go from being Djinji Absolution, to just being Djinji. That was tough. Now I needed something. So for me, it was like, “Ok, I’m not gonna go to college, but I need to get a skill.” So I went to the recording studio after that, it was Jerry Williams who lead me to that. I went to the Institute of Audio Research. Prior to that I was working at health food stores and thinking I would end up being a bike messenger. That’s what I wanted to do at 17 and 18, because that’s what my friends did. My parents didn’t see that though, they didn’t want me doing that, even though they didn’t tell me what to do. Still, I rode like one, carried a bag like one, got hit by cars like one…I just wasn’t getting paid. But Jerry Williams lead me to becoming an engineer, and that was my safety net. Now I could have a career, and record hip-hop acts, rock acts, jazz acts. Now they needed me, I didn’t need them. That was a sense of empowerment for me, so I wasn’t relying on other people now.
Now I was going to studios and passing out resumes to get an internship. And I got into Green Street Recording Studios in Soho. And now I am in a studio with gold and platinum records on the wall by artists such as Run DMC, Public Enemy, Ice Cube, Chaka Khan…then Eric Sadler of Public Enemy, Pete Rock, Q-Tip, Notorious BIG, Junior Mafia. Man, I don’t care what type of music you listen to…Biggie Smalls! From 1992 to 1994 I lived on Biggie’s block in Brooklyn. In that time, 1992 Brooklyn hip-hop was like 1982 Lower East Side hardcore. What! You could come out of the train and see Biggie Smalls smoking a blunt talking with Nas. I’ve seen it! I had the Junior Mafia in my car, I remember when Lil’ Kim didn’t have fake tits! I recorded her, at least twice or more in February 1995. I remember KRS-One, DJ Premier, Brand Nubian, M.O.P., the Boot Camp Clique, and that was when I worked at DnD studios from ‘97-‘99. I used to watch Big Pun shoot pool, I even recorded him once. He was such a funny dude, just a cool ass dude! It’s just beautiful. It is crazy to me. That didn’t have to happen, and I am very thankful it did. That was just all spirit, for that to have fallen into place and have been in the same room with all those people and learn.
And I knew it was special. I knew it when Pete Rock and CL Smooth created their first album, Mecca and the Soul Brother, I was there as an assistant engineer on 15 out of those 18 songs, and I saw it created. And they had a song on that album about a good friend of theirs they lost, called “They Reminisce Over You” about Trouble T Roy, one of Heavy D’s dancers, who passed away after he fell down some stairs backstage at a concert and that lead to his untimely death. It was just some tragic shit that didn’t have to happen and it fucked everyone’s heads up. So while recording this song, there was Heavy D in the studio, and Charlie Brown from Leaders of the New School, all these heavy weights, because they all knew this album was poppin’ off and it was special. It was probably like when the Bad Brains were recording at 171A…if you knew about it, you knew it was special, like “just be there.” With this, I knew it, and I felt it. I knew where I was at, 1992, that was special. I knew it was the shit.
When I was able to meet and hang out with Harley and John, and meet Dr. Know and Darryl Jennifer, that kinda fulfilled my dreams. I could leave. At the time I couldn’t really see it, but looking back now, yeah, it was time for me and I could leave. Cro-Mags had broken up. Bad Brains weren’t really doing anything at the time. So I needed to go somewhere where there was a community. Now don’t get me wrong, there was obviously still a hardcore community, but my immediate community and direct influences were broken up or in limbo. And then my own band broke up, so I didn’t want to be out there in limbo. I didn’t want to do another band. So I needed to find that sense of community, where things were happening. And I’m very thankful and fortunate for that.
Gavin was the architect in Absolution. Alan and Greg’s contributions can’t be dismissed because they were like the glue and nails that made it all fit. I was just trying to put a nice picture on these buildings. I guess kinda like graf pieces. And I loved all of the songs. Because to me, in those songs, I heard and I hear family making the sounds, people that hung with each other, went through shit with each other, and made music to get down with each other. Because it was family. Gavin, you know, I took him up to the Bronx. I took all my people up to the Bronx, my punks, anyone I could, but with him it was funny…this big blonde haired boy, you know? But I took my blonde girls up there, my asian girlfriends up there. I told you, no black girls were fuckin’ with me and to be quite honest I wasn’t really looking at them in that way either, not at that time. So, I was gonna get my groove on with the girls who didn’t think I was crazy or acting “white.” Those girls up in the Bronx were like, “you are nasty!” They still thought I was cute, they just didn’t understand why I was doing what I was doing. I did a lot of fun things inside and outside of my element.
Those first Absolution shows, I remember the first couple times I had to pace myself, it was tough. But hardcore let me know how strong I really was. I was always teased for being skinny with no muscles, and underweight, having a baby face, and not being a thug. But getting up on stage or on the dance floor, it let me know I was strong and it let me show it. I could get up there and let it all hang out. The energy was crazy, Gavin and I were balls of fire, as were a lot of bands. You couldn’t step on stage if you didn’t have a couple firecrackers in your band. Some of the last shows, with Sergio in the band, were just great. Having him there for a few shows, he was just my brother. With him and Gavin, I felt like it was just two brothers I could just be wild with and wild the fuck out. No disrespect to Alan at all, I mean Alan was great, but with Sergio there was such a long time connection. With Sergio, there were vibes too, so I could really rock out. It was friends, family, community.
Those last three shows were off the fuckin’ hook. The Anthrax, Rock Against Racism, and the Rap Arts Center. That Rap Arts gig, I felt like I was almost there…like, “man, that is how John must feel, that is how HR must feel.” I felt like I was in control of my delivery. My vocals held up, my energy was sustained, I didn’t let the band get away from me. It was like I was really driving the car and hitting all the curves at the perfect time, the car wasn’t driving me. I remember Jerry Williams being there and mixing the show, and he was like a proud father for all of us. And that was the last fucking gig we did. That was the heartbreak I’ve been talking about. I have really blocked that out, I haven’t opened up about that. What happened… I don’t know, it doesn’t matter. But it would be one thing if the band was going downhill and we broke up. But we were getting better. So for it to end there, that was heartbreaking.
But we did leave on a high note I guess. Still, that makes it tougher to leave and harder to remember because of the nostalgia. It’s easy to leave a relationship when things aren’t good with your girl and you aren’t having fun and you aren’t feeling her or vice versa. But who wants to leave on a high note when the sex is still good and you are having a lot of fun? You leave with all these good memories, and only a few bad ones that don’t outweigh the good ones. With Absolution, there aren’t many bad memories at all, and they are so miniscule. So it is tough. And at that last show, we played last. And it was late. A lot of bands played, Nausea and some other punk bands. But people stuck around to see Absolution, they wanted to see us rock, the buzz was out. And man, I don’t even know what to say. That energy was real.
I don’t really walk around with those vibes anymore. I’ve mellowed. So to come back to it, it’s gonna be like going back and doing my warrior dance. An Indian war dance with my brothers. It won’t be a sit-in with me giving flowers to people. I’m 38, so age shouldn’t slow you down, I want to show that. So I will let it all hang out. Hopefully I don’t give myself a goddamn heart attack!
Details for playing New York…Gavin, Sergio, and I want to do it. But it’s not bittersweet that it can’t be at CB’s or Lismar or The Pyramid. Because that was then, and this is now. I’m really dealing with the power of the “is.” The “is” lives in the present. What “is” to be done. And those places aren’t there anymore, those places are “was.” New York, on some real shit, everybody knows it’s not the city it was creatively. It is a shell of a place that reminds us of what it used to be. There isn’t any real shit there, nothing juicy or eye popping or earth shattering coming out of there now. Everybody knows that. Let’s just remember what it was and be happy we even had that influence in the first place. We don’t have to be the culture mongers of the world, it’s not just about New York. So no, I’m not bittersweet. To perform at Churchill’s in Miami, it’s a little club, it’s in the hood, it’s a cliché…you can get your ass robbed they way you used to at CB’s back in the day, not like today. The Lower East Side today is a nice little playground. Those dangers don’t exist there anymore, and those dangers spawned a lot of creativity. But that shit ain’t there anymore. I love New York, but I don’t love what it has become. It was so colorful.
I want to pay homage to the songs we wrote, Gavin wrote. I don’t need to change them. Maybe minus a few syllables, but I don’t need to re-work them. As an MC in a rap context, I’ve been able to say a lot in one line or two lines, that’s the idea, have one line give a plethora of emotions and images. So if I wrote a new song today I might use that approach more, and I didn’t use it in the old songs then. But I wouldn’t change them, they are what they are. And in the Absolution songs, the lyrical delivery is more like an uzi than a revolver. I mean, when I’m spitting, I’m spitting. The delivery is not efficient at all, I was just trying to get it all out. There are a couple spots for me to catch my own breath in the bridges and breaks, but it is fast. So far, I haven’t tried the physical exercise of delivering those songs again.
Just because he is harder than all of us combined, and can still regret it.
-DCXXWe had a lot of fun out in southern California, staying in the Huntington Beach area while on tour. There was a really good scene, everyone would stay at each other’s houses, these big houses with tons of people hanging out, and we’d also drive around and just have an awesome time. We would go out in vans with fire extinguishers, we would ransack places, all sorts of crazy mischief…just not nice stuff! It was like the show Jackass.
There was a lot of good bands from California, I really liked that whole scene, going out there, playing places, hanging out and having a good time. Even the bands, before we went out there, before us there had already been Uniform Choice, Unity, BL’AST!, and the whole Wishingwell scene. These were bands I really liked, and those records still hold up in a lot of ways, just really cool records. Just going out there and going off and playing shows was such an awesome time.
The social side of playing music always meant more to me. It was cool because when Speak Out came out, Revelation had pretty good distribution at the time, so places like Tower had the record and it was visible. Before that, the kids we went to school with didn’t really “get” what we were doing. The whole idea of doing a band was really strange to them. They didn’t understand it if it wasn’t like a “battle of the bands” thing, they just figured it wasn’t for real, like, “what are these guys doing with their little band?” There was no insight on their part into what the hardcore scene was, obviously. But over the course of a couple years, more underground culture started to come to the surface, and people heard more about the band and hardcore. And then we would start seeing people we knew from school, our peers, at our shows. We would be like, “oh my God, that person is here to see us? Weird.” After years of people kinda pushing us around from school and even making fun of us, it was interesting to see them come to us now. And then we could flip it around and be better, we could say to who was working the door, “hey we know these guys from school, let them in.” It was cool to see them come onto our turf now and be interested. That always meant more to me than school, to be able to go into school the next day and feel like you actually did something and were a part of something outside of school that others weren’t – something beyond just sports, hanging out, or going to parties. That was really empowering.
CB’s, The Anthrax, Lupo’s, Safari Club, and Gilman Street were probably my favorite five places to play. I liked playing California because I loved a lot of California stuff that got me into punk and hardcore. Black Flag “Damaged,” Germs “GI,” Circle Jerks “Group Sex,” those to me are some of my all-time favorite records. To get out there and play a few years after those records, that vibe wasn’t all that far removed, even though things were obviously different. Now it seems like those records are from forever ago, but at the time it didn’t seem like it had been that long ago. Even playing Boston, despite some of the schism there, that was special because I loved SSD and DYS, we were partial to them. I think DYS were a little more musical and didn’t have as big a following. Maybe it is a bit lofty to think about, but I think at the time Youth Of Today tried to align themselves with what SSD had done. With that said, I think in BOLD, we saw ourselves a bit more like DYS if there had to be analogies drawn. But even Jerry’s Kids and Gang Green, we loved them.
The K-Town Mosh Crew was a well planted myth in a way, but we did have a good group of people early on. There was a half pipe in town at this kid’s house, and we would go there and skate. This reminds me of a good story, because at the time, skaters and BMX kids didn’t mix. But in our town there would be BMX kids around, and we had this ramp jam once. And this BMX kid was there, and we had suspected him of having stolen Matt’s copy of Victim In Pain. So we all knew it was him but he wouldn’t admit to it. That wasn’t gonna sit. So Cappo was there, and he goes up to this kid, and he says, “Look, all of these guys know where you live, and they know who your parents are. If you don’t give this record back, I am gonna have Agnostic Front and all of the Lower East Side skins come up here, and they are gonna kick your ass, AND they are gonna kick your parents’ asses too. Do you want that to happen?” I think the record was returned the next day with a box of candy and a bow.
I happened to have camera ready copies of these original classic Rev ads, along with full original photos that appeared on both album covers and ads. To me it’s always been interesting to see a little more of those well known photos that you know so well, but ordinarily would never see, as insignificant as they may or may not be. Since I have a large collection of photos, many of which have been used on actual records, I thought this could be a cool recurring feature on the page. -Tim DCXX
[BL’AST! at Staches, Columbus, Ohio 8/20/1986 Photo: Jay Brown]
!
“Roger Lambert was a madman as a singer. Calm and fairly softspoken offstage, but able to do five foot high splits onstage. He sang for Up Front from January thru September of 1989, then left to form Courage with Ari Katz. In January of 1990 we began practicing with our new drummer Tim Schmoyer while we tried out singers. After Courage broke up, Roger agreed to come back and sing for some shows up and down the east coast in the Summer of ’90. We had a few singing parts in the new songs, and Roger handled those flawlessly. The clip below is from an old VHS tape I hadn’t watched in years of a set from The Anthrax. I’m usually pretty critical of bands I’ve been in, but this put a big smile on my face. I sent it to Roger and we emailed back and forth a bit talking about that video, Up Front, and life in general. Watch and enjoy…” – Jon Field
While scouring YouTube as we often do here at DCXX, we came across this incredible Judge video from the Anthrax club in Norwalk, Connecticut, January 7th, 1989. Now I’ve seen this set before, but never at this exact angle and of this quality. Usually I would just ad this video to my favorites and call it a day, but decided posting it up here on DCXX might not be a bad idea.
Take note to Gus SXE’s dives, the dude knew how to get the job done. In case you can’t tell, he’s wearing a white GB “Better Than You” shirt. Early in the video Gus finds himself on top of the crowd, on his back, than powers himself off the crowd, back on to his feet, on the stage and then back into the crowd again with a spinning dive. Looked like a really fun show for sure and Judge sound incredible.
We’ll continue scouring YouTube for more exceptional hardcore videos to post up here. We’re also in the process of converting a lot of our own personal collection to digital format, so expect to see some of that in the future as well.
Over The Line reformed with a slightly different line-up this past year to record an EP for Livewire Records. We caught up with Steve Lucuski (vocals) who answered some questions about the band. Drummer Dan Servon also chimed in. Be sure to check out for more info on the record.-DCXX
Over The Line is known by most as a band from 1997 who did a demo and then peaced. How do you compare that band to the Over The Line that recorded an EP for release on Livewire in the near future? What is different, what is the same?
Steve: The Over the Line of ’96/’97 was an absolute blast and definitely short-lived. Horner (aka Fitz), Servon, and myself decided to write some material around 2000 in a mature and more evolved vein. Needless to say it never materialized after a few practices, and all that was left were 3 unfinished songs that would never see the light of day. Then 7 years later the Livewire guys expressed their interest in putting out an EP. We always wanted to put out this material but never had any intention of becoming a band again playing shows. If we were going to do a band together again playing shows, it wasn’t going to be Over The Line. The fact was that not only had our sound changed, but so did the lineup.
So after the conversation with Tim I reached out to the band to make this happen. It was a process to get us together for a long weekend to write and finalize songs and then record. I was satisfied with the result of the demo at the time, but felt we could offer a lot more. But the overall drive to do this I think came from our dissatisfaction with the Crucial Response demo 7”. The result was a layout that to me looked so generic and just not a good/real representation of us. Everything from the cover art to the layout is something I’m ashamed to be associated with. So after it was released it left a feeling with me that we had to leave on a better note and just raise the bar. Because the final result was something I sure wasn’t satisfied with. Even the shirt design for the 7” was so lame and printed on natural colored shirts. They were so bad, I didn’t even take one when Fitz received them in the mail. So this gave us an opportunity to get together again and to put out something we could be proud of and release an EP that truly represents us in every aspect.
more older posts
Posted in | No Comments »Azn Steve graduated from Kennesaw State University in the Spring of 2009 with a bachelor’s degree in Marketing. After entering the work force, he concluded there was much more to life than a paycheck and with the encouragement and support of his friends, family and co-workers, he decided to pursue his passion for standup comedy. He enrolled in the Jeff Justice Comedy Workshoppe and performed his first standup gig at the famous Atlanta Punchline in front of over 250 people. With a successful first show, he decided to continue performing stand up and will be showcasing his comedy on open mic nights throughout the metro Atlanta area.Name MayBird312, or just May.
Age I'm not a hundred yet
Birthday May 12. You're not getting my birth year
Favorite color Green
Favorite website Too many to list
Current Fandom Hetalia, Ouran Host Club, some other ones
Favorite characters in said Fandom Spain, Romano, Mori, Hikaru
Favorite book series Dengeki Daisy! Technically not a book, but it's still great
Favorite movie Too many to list...
What nationalities are you? American, Canadian, French, Spanish, Trinidadian, Syrian, Moroccan, Israeli, Ethiopian, some other ones I'm not sure of yet.
Favorite food Either Indian food or Ethiopian food. Paneer is awesome, but so is wat...so I can't say which is better. Curry is good too.
Appearance Um, I have brown eyes, skin, and slightly-reddish brown hair. My hair's in dreadlocks down to my midback, though it used to be longer. I'm about 5'5, and pretty thin(except my backside, which is annoyingly large).
Favorite drink Dr Pepper, or Lemonade.
Favorite TV show Avatar- The Last Airbender and Legend of Korra.
People I know from here outside outside of here Standard Oddity
Favorite type of music Vocaloid
Favorite male artist Len Kagamine
Favorite female artist Gumi Megpoid
Favorite band Nico Nico Chorus
Favorite song A tale of Six Trillion Years and One Night
Favorite word Booyah!
Ninja name No idea
Bad or weird habits I bite my nails instead of cutting them, and chip off any nail polish on them. I bite the ends of my dreadlocks when I'm annoyed, run in skirts, do handstands in dresses(officially banned from that), I have the mouth of a sailor, and carry two knives on me.
American by birth, Israeli by birthright
Certified otaku since 2009
I am a hetalia fangirl, no shame.
I don't have ships, I got a f*cking armada
If you're against abortion, re-post this in your profile
If Edward Cullen was about to jump from a skyscraper, 95% of girls would scream "Don't do it!" Repost if you are part of the 5% that would yell "Do a flip!"
((This picture doesn't belong to me, I found it on zerochan. credit goes to original artist (you rock!) ))?"
Most teens would suffer a heart attack if they saw somebody burning Twilight. Repost this and add your name if you'd be singing campfire songs and toasting marshmallows around it: Ninjakat403, AwesomeBrit223, MiriamTodd321
You know your obsessed with Hetalia when...bold apply. (hell no).(and I hate myself for that...) are an Axis Powers Hetalia fan, copy this onto your profile!
98 OF TEENS WON'T STAND UP FOR GOD... REPOST THIS iF YOU'RE ONE OF THE 2 WHO WILL.
North Italy (Feliciano Vargas)
[x]You were bullied a lot in your childhood (Kinda sorta)
 (I wish)
[x]You can be clumsy at times (Shut up!)
[x]You have a friend you always depend upon if you mess up something.
[ ]If your life was in danger, you would do the typical Italian thing and say: "PLEASE DON'T KILL ME! I HAVE RELATIVES IN YOUR COUNTRY!"(lol, blood would spill)
[ ]You would surrender in a war situation (maybe)
(5/10)
Germany (Ludwig Beilschmidt)
[ ]You're very stoic and serious.
[ ]Sausages are your favourite foods.
[ ]You like to walk your dog (don't have one! lol)
[ ]Your boss/principal/tutor/home-room teacher is a nut-case (well, one is...but I didn't say that)
[ ]You love rules and think they should always be followed to a T (Love them? Really?)
[ ]You think the world would be better if everyone played by the rules.
[x]You work very hard.
[x]Your alone time is your 'happy time' (YES)
[ ]You can appear tough but be very considerate towards people. (More like I appear very young...)
[ ]You've had issues with money once or twice .
(2/10)
Japan (Kiku Honda)
[x]You're very mature (Yep! When I want to!)
[ ]You think everything over before saying it (lol, nope!)
[ ]You believe in ghosts but aren't phased by the experience when you see one
[x]You isolated yourself during childhood (Not really part of any group lol)
[ ]You became very successful in a short amount of time
[x]You are somewhat inexperienced when it comes to the outside world (I am kinda disconnected... blame it to all that anime and manga...)
[ ]You can seem cold/aloof to other people (no)
[x]You're good at practical tasks
[x] You need time to adjust to new people.
I'm like Italy and Japan? Huh...
The Allied Forces
The United States of America (Alfred F. Jones)
 (Ignoring)
[ ]You tend to wear a bomber jacket all the time.
[ ]You wear glasses.
The United Kingdom of England, Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland (Arthur Kirkland)
[x]You like tea ( I like iced tea, but hot tea is nice too)
[ ]You were quite tough as a kid (Not really...)
[x]You're very sarcastic and cynical (How'd you guess?)
[ ]Your cooking is awful (Denied!)
[ ]You love spiritual magical stuff, such as fairies, ghosts...
[ ]...But you refuse to believe in aliens.
[ ]You have tried doing black magic before.
[ ]You get drunk quite easily (don't know)
[ ]When you are drunk, you tend to be very unhappy.
[ ]You're good at embroidery.
France (Francis Bonnefoy)
[x]You're very affectionate (In a not flirting way!)
[ ]You think you have a great fashion sense (Meh...)
[ ]You like wine.
[ ]You're the master of whispering romantic things into peoples' ears. (Haha, you're funny)
[x]You love red roses (pretty)
[ ]When it comes to l'amour, you don't mind men or women. (I will always be straight!)
[x]You're very proud of yourself.
[ ]You love culture and the arts.
[ ]You're very flamboyant.
[ ]You say you're a gourmet.
(3/10)
I am scared... I don't wanna be anything like France! Dx
Russia (Ivan Braginski)
[ ]You had a very sad childhood.
[ ]You're very tall. (I wish...)
[ ]You have a tendency to switch between personalities
[ ]You wear a scarf all the time (In winter, my scarf is my best buddy!)
[x]You love sunflowers.
[ ]You love vodka.
[ ]You can seem intimidating to other people
[x]You're very strong.
[ ]You have a big nose (erm)
[  (I'm forced to enforce)
[x]You work hard (From time to time! lol Procrastinating is awsome!)
[ ]You're good at drawing (That's a matter of opinion...)
[x]You like sweets (duh)
(6/10)
So I'm like China...cool
Other
Austria (Roderich Edelstein)
[x]You are very well-raised.
[ ]You're polite. (With some people)
[ ]You love classical music.
[x]You like cake (Yay! Cake!)
[ ]You have a mole on your face (On my neck, yes)
[x]You dedicate your time to your hobbies rather than what needs to be done right away (Haha! That sounds like me, alright!)
[ ]You are a virtuoso/play very well on at least one instrument (Yeah right)
[ ]You've composed music before (HAHAHA, tell me another joke)
[x]You tend to call people 'morons' (there are many ways to call others...)
[ ]You wear glasses (No.)
(4/10)
Canada (Matthew Williams)
[x]You're often ignored by people
[x]You look younger than you actually are (And it's annoying)
[ ]You love hockey.
[ ]You love polar bears.
[ ]You hate fighting.
[ ]You have one strand of curly hair, like Italy
[ ]You often get mistaken for someone else.
[x]You feel under-appreciated.
[ ]You're bilingual (I'm working on it!)
[ ]You always carry a bear with you.
Cuba
[ ]You smoke (Nope!)
[x]You're very physically strong.
[x]You've won a lot of fist-fights.
[x]In your social circle, there are two brothers - you get along with one, but not with the other.(now that you mention it...)
[ .
Hungary (Elizaveta Hédeváry)
[x]You have a potty-mouth
[x]You like to wear flowers in your hair (I do, but I don't do it often)
[x]You used to be a very tough kid. (I am now is more like it)
[x]You're very reliable (Hmm... yeah... I think...)
[x]It's better to have you as a friend rather than an enemy.
[x]You're very faithful.
[x]Your speech and mannerisms can be considered very unladylike (Hungary and I are one and the same xD)
[x]You and your best friend go together like chalk and cheese.
[x]You are graceful one moment and grinning like a maniac the next
[ ]If someone yells that yaoi is going on somewhere, you will drop everything to run off to go and see it (Seriously?)
(9/10)
Lithuania (Toris Lorinaitis)
[x]You're very loyal.
[x]You feel like your best friend drags you around a lot, but you both have a great time together.
[ ]You're very serious.
[ ]You have a lot of patience (Impatient!)
[ ]You think too much about philosophical stuff (...)
[ ]You get depressed when questioning the point of existing/the universe, etc... (Too complicated!)
[ ]You're not very confident (Eh, can go either way)
[ ]You were quite rebellious as a child (Not before, more like now!)
[ ]People tend to walk all over you (I would bite their feet if they did that!)
[ ]You're a born worrier
Poland (Feliks Lucasiewocz)
[ ]You're very flamboyant
[x]You're quite hyperactive
[x]You can be quite goofy (Yeah! A little bit!)
[x]When you're depressed, you tend to rise out of it like a phoenix (I love outbursts apparently lol)
[x]You're very wary of strangers (You have to, right?)
[x]It takes you ages to come out of your shell (I spent a lot of time inside it...)
[x]However, when you're used to someone, you're very chatty (Yep!)
[x]You're very forceful and stand at one end of the argument when it comes to your opinions (No one is allowed to question my opinions! XP)
[ ]You love pansies and corn-poppies.
[x]You get up to lots of crazy antics.
(8/10) (No way!?!)
Prussia (Gilbert Beillschmidt)
[x]You're quite mean-spirited (Sometimes...)
[x]You're a bit of a hooligan.
[x]You're very good at tactics
[ ]You hate Russia (he scares me, but I don't hate him!)
[x]You love to fight people (No comment)
[ ]You can avoid marriages quite well (...I'm still a teen, of course I can)
[x]You're not always taken seriously.
[ ]You like drinking.
[x]You want to become stronger
(7/10)
Spain (Antonio Fernandez Carriedo)
[x]You are clueless about things around you (Well...yeah)
[x]You favor the taste of fresh tomatoes (Delicious! x9)
[x]You're very responsible (Of course!)
[x]You tend to dramatize over things a lot (According to my mom...)
[x]You love churros.
[x]You help people in crisis.
[x]You are quite random.
[ ]Somehow, you like bananas.
[x]You often offer food to people.
[x]You have a sort of unhealthy obsession over a couple of brothers. (How about a close friendship?)
South Italy (Lovino Vargas)
[x]You tend to overreact a lot (Yes.)
[x]You like to order people around ( I am really bossy most of the time!)
[x]You're a scaredy-cat (Only when it comes to heights! and needles)
[X]You curse a lot (Some people need to hear it -_-)
[x]You go drama depressed when people ignore you (sadly, tis true)
[ ]You tend to blush easily (I can never tell)
[x]You are lazy like hell (Sounds like me!)
[x]You love tomatoes a lot.
[x]You fix yourself on stupid matters
[x]You get defensive at the slightest comment
Yay, I'm like Hungary, Romano and Spain! I rule!
Now, let's switch to 2p Hetalia!
Germany
[x] You are super lazy. (Yep! :))[x] You have a thing for cats.[x] You are relaxed.[ ] You go with the flow.[x] (I like dogs!)[ ] You're not very protective and you let people wander and get in trouble.[ ] You hate it when people make a mess and force them to clean it, usually resulting in an even bigger mess.[ ] You might seem cold, but around your love you're as sweet as can be.[x] You have a strange sense of humor (Just ask around XD)
Total: 6
Japan
[/] You like all kinds of art such as; fan-art, manga, realistic, but especially tattoos (Not tattoos... I really don't like them...)[ ] You don't find them painful at all (They ARE painful!)
[x] You're a bit of a loner.[ ] You don't get mad, you instead sulk around and ignore others around you.[ ] You are very clever and a bit of a con-artist.[x] You can be a bit of a two-face, saying one thing but meaning another.[ ] You have a katana. (I wish)[ ] You are a master at karate.
Total: 2 1/2
Italy [North]
[/] You are no coward (Unless it involves roller coasters and needles)[x] You love to start trouble and get into fights (Yep! XD)[x] You need opponents who can put up a good fight.[ ] You "playfully" pounce on others.[x] You are slightly innocent.[x] You can be a bit shy when it comes to "going all the way". (A bit? I'm scared!)[x] You love to wrestle around with others and see who is more dominant.
[x] You're a good cook (Most of the time...)
[ ] Are you bi-polar? [x] Can you go from being playful and loving and insane and sadistic in a heartbeat [x] You have a thing for pasta (Pastaaaaa!)[ ] You have a thing for blood[x] You have a thing for knives (Yes...)
Total: 9 1/2
Italy [South] - Romano
[ ] You love fashion.[ ] You act like a girl from the movie 'Mean Girls.'[ ] You are into the latest fashion and you NEED to look fabulous.[ ] You're a diva.[ ] You need attention or else you will die.[x] You're extremely polite (To people I don't know...)[ ] You have a very condescending way of speaking.[ ] When angry, you act like some sort of a lunatic with a mixture of mafia personality[ ] You are a MAJOR flirt...with anybody
Total: 1
France
[ ] You like to wear maid dresses (Aw hell no!)[ ] You are very selfish and you don't think of anyone except for yourself.[ ] You think only with your you-know-what (O.O)[ ] You love sex, and that's all you ever think about (Are you sure this is his 2p? -_- Sounds like France to me...)[ ] You prefer lust over love (...)[x] You're lazy.[ ] You live by the motto, "Sleep, eat, screw." (Pervert!)[ ] You're not very loyal.[ ] You're a major smoker (I don't like this France...)[ ] You don't handle rejection well, or being dumped[ ] You can be very sadistic and grouchy, but may loosen up for a certain someone.[ ] You can swing either way any time of the day (... NOPE!)
America
[ ] You are a very bad boy/girl.[ ] You're tough and streetwise and won't hesitate to beat the living * out of someone.[x] You are very blunt and sarcastic, to the point of being rude.[x] You mean it when you insult someone.[x] You can be sadistic. (Not proud of this either...)[x] You are very protective[x] You have a very strange sense of humor.[x] You are very independent and don't like it when people get clingy.[x] You curse like there's no tomorrow (If I am angry...)[ ] You like bondage (You do?)[ ] You like baseball (I hate it)
Total: 7
England
[x] You are very sweet and loving.[ ] You often talk to yourself, although you'll deny it and say you're talking to your friends.[/] You can't take criticism well (Depends...)[ ] You don't sulk when insulted; you badly wound the person that insulted you.[x] You always carry a knife around you know how to use it.
[x] You're a great baker and cook, but you seem to often use unusual ingredients (No I don't!)[ ] You have freckles but are ashamed and want to cover them up[x] You hate to see others sad or depressed.[ ] You are madly in love with cupcakes[ ] You have some very odd friends that no one can see.[ ] You love cute things such as; rainbows, rabbits, unicorns, butterflies, etc. (No way)
Total: 4 1/2
Canada
[x] You are very strong.[ ] You are an outdoors woman/man and love to hunt.[x] You're a bit on the quiet side.[ ] You are not easily forgotten. [x] You hate poachers and people who destroy the environment.[ ] You're like a hippy, without the pot smoking and World Peace stuff.[ ] You're not really big on the whole "Kissing and hugging and holding hands" thing.[ ] You hate it when people mistake you for someone else and usually beat the crap out of them for it.[x] You love pancakes and maple syrup. (Yay!) [ ] You love ice hockey. (And this is why his weapon is a hockey stick...)[ ] You like bears, preferably the Polar Bears.
Total: 3
Russia
[x] You are quiet, shy, and you hardly ever speak. (around others)[ ]. (I'll warm up if they are nice!)
[ ] You are very paranoid about people leaving you, to the point you're obsessive and stalker-ish.
Total: 4.[ ] It takes a lot to calm down for you.[x] People should NEVER scare you, unless they want to be kicked halfway across the world.[x] You're very strong.[ ] You love pandas.[x] You want to preserve your culture.
Result: 2p Italy and 2p America...ok then.),YouFall9Times (Arg.), MayBird312 (USA),
If you love Romano, copy and paste this on your profile.
If you love Spain, copy and paste this on your profile.
My Awesome OCs
Israel (Human name: Yaakov Ben David)- A usually cheerful prankster, the teenager is constantly at war with his brothers. He usually wears army green fatigues with a tallit underneath it and a kippah on his head. Because of the Jewish Diaspora, he has people from almost every country currently in him, so he can speak majority of the world's languages. He's closest to America, England, Iran, and several others. He calls all of his allies big brother, since he is one of the youngest independent nations. In actuality, he 's about 3000 years old.
Palestine (Human name: Abdullah Khattan)- An unusually aloof teen, he has a bad relationship with Israel after his country was taken over when Israel declared independence. He usually wears khaki army fatigues and a kufiya. After Palestine declared his independence from Israel, the two of them got into a heated argument; with Israel refusing to let him become his own state. He is close to Egypt, Iraq, Syria, Jordan, and most other countries. He and Israel are declared twins since they are technically in the same country.
Maryland (Human name: Mary Jones, or Maria Jones)- A tomboyish, seafood loving girl that's close friends(sometimes) with DC and Virginia, her closest siblings. She's a redhead with green eyes, that (almost) always has her hair in a short pony tail. Usually wears a green tank top (or sweater)and jeans; otherwise dons a Ravens jersey.
Virginia (Human name: Nate Jones, or Nathaniel Jones)- A usually argumentative teen, he enjoys few things more than to argue with someone who actually knows what they're talking about. Tends to get into fights with his sisters Mary and Emily. He's a raven with blue eyes, who wears black long sleeves and pants a lot. Otherwise, he wears a black t-shirt and dark jeans. He's good at sports, but prefers reading and going online being tackled his sister. Looks like Okumura Rin without the pointy teeth and ears.
District of Columbia(Human name: Emily Jones)- A seemingly sweet-natured girl, she has the mouth of a sailor when you piss her off. Usually likes to hang out with her siblings, she loves watching movies and playing sports. Spends most of her time breaking up arguments or fights. She's a brunette with blue eyes, and wears long sleeves(or tank tops), short skirts, and thigh high socks. Will don a Redskins jersey during football season. Busty. Looks like Shibuya Rin.
Sakura Russo- A cross-dressing girl stuck pretending to be her brother after he sacrifices his life for hers. Bright red hair inherited from her Italian father and brown eyes from her Japanese mother. She's secretly in love with Mori, though that's not really a secret anymore.There are few things that scream mid-90s pre-teen more than the sugary taste of Dr. Pepper Lip Smacker lip gloss. Future generations may not have the chance to experience the rush of shiny sweetness as iconic youth cosmetic brand Bonne Bell is closing up shop and selling itself to a California company. [More]1. Valentine’s day; what did you do? I spent it home alone…. don’t feel too bad for me. We don’t really take it seriously in our house. The Mr. had to work and so did I. I used the holiday (I use that term loosely) as an excuse to bake.
2. Skating on the Canal; I went skating on the Rideau Canal up here in Ottawa Canada. Super Canadian thing to do. It’s the 2nd longest out door rink in North America(), and it’s in my backyard. Important note, if you skate 4 km down the canal, you have to skate 4kms to get back to your car. I was tired!
3. Sherlock; and my obsession with British television continues. I was super bummed when I finished Downton Abby and realized there was no new Dr. Who until fall. Then a fellow british obsessed TV watcher turned me on to Sherlock… In love!!! New favorite show
4. Things We Make(); I stumbled on to this blog through my wordpress reader. The photo’s are amazing and everything they make is right up my alley. Check em out
5. What am I Reading; Dead Sleep by Greg Iles . It’s a great thriller. I read another book of his a couple years back called The Quit Game … That was also an excellent book, hence my reading another one of his books.
6. 10,000 Pillows; That’s how many pillows we have on our bed now. So glad I don’t make the bed in the morning!
7. Blah Blah Olympics; I tried to be all indifferent about you… but you sucked me in. I even watched an entire curling match.
8. Soggy Salad; This is usually the state of my salad, the day after I open the bag. It really upsets me, mainly because I don’t like salad and I have been making an effort to eat it. Then a friend told me about these containers that another friend uses. These awesome produce saver from Rubermaid. It really works. I put green onions (famous for wilting in a couple of days) and 4 days later… FRESH. Thanks Trina and Anne
9. My Sister is having another boy!! I think she should name him Tracy! I was able to convince my dad to squeeze it into the middle of her name, I’m sure I can convince her to name her new baby boy Tracy too… right?!
10. I heard the other day that we have had the coldest winter in 20 years up here in Ottawa….. But we managed to get outside a couple of times…. Thank god!
Butter, Basil and Breadcrumbs/ March 1, 2014
Awesome post! Love the pillows.. Love the pup, love the cookies!! And I need to find that fresh container.. :-)
peanutbutterandonion/ March 1, 2014
Go and get the container, it’s awesome!July 25, 2011 — NAND flash is a serious threat to the DRAM memory industry in PCs, according to Objective Analysis, which reviewed a series of nearly 300 PC benchmarks. Objective Analysis released "How PC NAND Will Undermine DRAM," compiling these data points.
"We looked at the performance of industry-standard benchmarks in PCs with a range of DRAM and NAND configurations, and were rather surprised to find that even today a dollar’s worth of NAND improves PC performance more than does a dollar’s worth of DRAM," commented Jim Handy, who authored the study. "Over time the price/performance gap between these two technologies will widen."
AS NAND encroaches more and more on DRAM, DRAM sector revenues will decline further, pushing consolidation, and the eventual rise of a fabless DRAM market.
NAND is more likely to displace a computer’s DRAM than its hard disk drives (HDDs), Objective Analysis found, which is in line with other predictions. "An appropriate balance of NAND, DRAM, and an HDD yields superior performance per dollar to a simple DRAM/HDD system," commented Handy. "A well-designed NAND/DRAM combination brings SSD-like performance to a system at little or no price increase over a standard system based on the conventional DRAM-plus-HDD platform."
"DRAM makers will have to do some serious thinking about their future," says Handy. "Since the middle 1990s the market has consolidated from 17 important players down to seven, and when PCs move to NAND the pace of this consolidation will increase."
The study: How PC NAND Will Undermine DRAM includes figures depicting the nature of the NAND/DRAM trade-off and forecasts based on this information illustrating its impact upon both the DRAM and NAND markets.
Objective Analysis is a semiconductor market research and business consulting firm covering all aspects of the semiconductor industry, market, and applications. Learn more at
Follow Solid State Technology on Twitter.com via editors Pete Singer, twitter.com/PetesTweetsPW and Debra Vogler, twitter.com/dvogler_PV_semi.
Or join our Facebook groupWilliam Demray, D.D.S.
William Demray, D.D.S. '75 (center), and staff
from Preservation Dental show the candy they
collected from children at the parade.
Northville dentist convinces kids to give up the candy
The Candy Cops were on patrol from Preservation Dental during the annual Independence Day Parade in downtown Northville, July 3. The characters were in hot pursuit of sweet treats invading the streets during the annual event. William Demray, D.D.S. ’75, UDM School of Dentistry alumnus and founder of Preservation Dental in Northville, offered a reward to all who turned in a stash of candy during the parade and immediately following the parade—no questions asked!
The concept of Candy Cops is the brainchild of Demray: “There may be a message, there may be a reward, but honestly—it’s just about having a little fun while ‘arresting cavities’,” said Demray. Critics of the plan said it couldn’t be done. Youngsters just would not give up the candy tossed to the sidelines by parade participants. Demray hoped at least 20 children would give up the candy. It was great news that more 200 youngsters of all ages filled up two garbage cans. Each received a gift certificate for a free Happy Meal of their choice at one of two area McDonald’s.
The most frequently asked question: “What did he do with the candy? Demray’s reply: “We sent it to an underprivileged ant farm.”- Inhabitat – Sustainable Design Innovation, Eco Architecture, Green Building - -
Denver Zoo Develops a Poo-Power System and Tests It Out On a Rickshaw!
Posted By Charley Cameron On March 23, 2012 @ 7:16 pm In News,Poo Power!,Recycling / Compost,Renewable Energy | 1 Comment
Denver Zoo [1] acknowledged that they have a lot of poo on their hands, but rather than hauling their waste off to a landfill or compost, they developed their own on-site poo-power system [2]! They’ve applied the technology to create a poo- and trash-powered rickshaw [3] as they promote plans to utilize their own patent-pending poo-power gasification technology to offset 20 percent of the zoo’s total energy consumption. The zoo plans to convert 1.5 million pounds of poo and waste into energy each year using gasification [4], [2], the zoo began work on the technology some eight years ago as they began to explore ways to reduce their energy consumption. They hired a team of three engineers who meticulously analyzed the waste [6] generated within the zoo, and developed an on-site waste stream to compact the waste into pellets before being ‘gasified’ — or thermally broken down — to release gases that can themselves be used as fuel “to charge batteries [7] and fuel heaters, pumps and other machinery that requires energy.”
Not only will the process reduce Denver Zoo’s environmental impact, it will also reduce their costs. With the entire system maintained on site, it is reported that they will save $150,000 in trash and compost [8] [9] the western states between now and June.
You can check it out in action in this video [10].
+ The Denver Zoo [1]
Via The Huffington Post [3] and The Denver Post [2]
Images 1-3 © Denver Zoo [11], Last image © Cheyenne Mountain Zoo [12]
Article printed from Inhabitat – Sustainable Design Innovation, Eco Architecture, Green Building:
URL to article:
URLs in this post:
[1] Image:
[2] on-site poo-power system:
[3] rickshaw:
[4] gasification:
[5] Image:
[6] waste:
[7] batteries:
[8] compost:
[9] tours:
[10] video:
[11] Denver Zoo:
[12] Cheyenne Mountain Zoo:
Copyright © 2011 Inhabitat Local - New York. All rights reserved.ABC News President Ben Sherwood sent the following note to the news division this morning announcing that former Police Commissioner of the City of New York, Ray Kelly will join ABC News as a consultant for all platforms:Siebel CRM Desktop for Microsoft Outlook Administration Guide > Customizing Siebel CRM Desktop > Process of Adding an MVG Field >
This task is a step in Process of Adding an MVG Field.
In this topic, you identify the MVG objects that you use to add an MVG field for this example. These objects come predefined with Siebel CRM.
To identify predefined MVG objects in Siebel CRM
The About View dialog box lists the applets in the order in which Siebel Call Center displays them.
In this example, this is the Contact Form Applet - Child applet.
If Siebel Tools displays the Read-only Object dialog box, then you must check out the project. For more information, see Checking Out a Project in Siebel Tools.
Field
Mail Stop
MVG Applet
Partner Lead Name Mvg Applet
In this example, Siebel CRM associates the Partner field with the Lead Partner MVG.
Multi Valued
TRUE
Multi Valued Link
Channel Partner
Destination Link
Opportunity/Channel Partner
Primary Id Field
Primary Partner Id
In this example, this link is Opportunity/Channel Partner. Note the values for the properties described in the following table.
Inter Table
S_OPTY_ORG
If the Inter Table property:
Child Business Component
The business component in the Child Business Component property must be displayed.
To identify the required business component, you can also examine the Business Component property of the Partner Lead Name MVG Applet.Deals is moving! Now you can find the best deals in any category.
The Riedel & Cody Fund is a community of caregivers that provides support for people whose beloved pets are suffering with cancer.
The Fund was created in memory of Riedel, a Bernese Mountain Dog, and Cody, a Rottweiler, who waged their own heroic battles against cancer.Learn more at:How to Export E-Mail Messages from a Queue to Replay Them Later in Exchange 2007
Topic Last Modified: 2009-03-19
This topic describes how to use the Exchange Management Shell in Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 to export e-mail messages from a message queue.
You may experience a situation in which an Exchange server that is configured as an open relay has been used to send unsolicited commercial e-mail (UCE), also known as spam, to the Internet. In this scenario, you may have to deal with the following issues:
You have a message queue that is filled with legitimate e-mail messages together with hundreds, thousands, or even hundreds of thousands of spam messages.
You cannot continue typical operations because the server will forward the spam messages to the Internet.
You must clear the message queues so that you can restore e-mail functionality to your organization as quickly as possible.
You must retain the e-mail messages from the queues so that you can later replay legitimate e-mail messages back into your messaging environment.
This topic is intended to help address these issues.
To perform the following procedures, the account you use must be delegated the following:
Exchange Server Administrator role and local Administrators group for the server
Additionally, there are certain things to consider when you perform the procedures that are described in this document.
You can export messages from the Exchange queues for later playback into Exchange. However, you cannot export messages from the Submission queue. To work around this issue, you can pause the Microsoft Exchange Transport service. This action allows the Submission queue to empty. However, depending on how many messages are queued, emptying the Submission queue could take a long time.
The procedure to extract legitimate e-mail messages from the message queue assumes that most of the spam messages are not addressed to recipients in your organization or are not from recipients in your organization. Therefore, the filters that are used to extract the messages are based on the domain or domains that your organization hosts. If spam messages are directed to or from your domains, you will export some spam messages together with legitimate e-mail messages.
To export e-mail messages from the Exchange 2007 queues, follow these general steps. (Each of these general steps is described in more detail later in this topic.)
Pause the Microsoft Exchange Transport service.
Suspend, and then export legitimate e-mail messages. To do this, use the following command:
Stop the Microsoft Exchange Transport service.
Rename the Queue folder.
Start the Microsoft Exchange Transport service.
Copy the exported messages into the Replay folder.
Click Start, click Run, type services.msc, and then click OK.
In the Services MMC snap-in, click Microsoft Exchange Transport, and then click Pause.
Start the Exchange Management Console, and then click Toolbox.
Under Mail Flow Tools, double-click Queue Viewer.
Click the Queues tab, and then note the value that appears in the Message Count column for the Submission queue.
Allow sufficient time for the message count to reach zero (0).
Use Windows Explorer to create a destination folder for the exported e-mail messages. This folder must be created before you can export the messages successfully. The folder may be on a local hard disk drive or on a shared network drive.
Start the Exchange Management Shell.
At the shell prompt, export messages that have your domain specified in the From field. To do this, run the following command:
In this command, replace contoso.com with the appropriate domain and replace <path> with the path to which you want to export the messages, such as c:\export.
At the shell prompt, export messages that have your domain specified in the To field. To do this, run the following command:
Follow steps 2 through 3 for each domain for which your organization handles e-mail.
Click Start, click Run, type services.msc, and then click OK.
In the Services MMC snap-in, click Microsoft Exchange Transport, and then click Stop.
Start Windows Explorer, and then locate the Queue folder. By default, this folder has the following path:
C:\Program Files\Microsoft\Exchange Server\TransportRoles\data\Queue
Right-click Queue, and then click Rename. Use a descriptive name, such as spam-Queue, to rename the folder.
Start the Microsoft Exchange Transport service. The Microsoft Exchange Transport service automatically creates a new Queue folder together with the following files:
mail.que
tmp.edb
trn.chk
trn
trnres00001.jrs
trnres00002.jrs
trntmp
Mail flow should now be successfully restored in the organization.
Use Windows Explorer to locate the Replay folder. By default, this folder has the following path:
C:\Program Files\Microsoft\Exchange Server\TransportRoles\Replay
Copy the messages that you exported earlier to the Replay folder.
By default, Exchange 2007 processes messages in the Replay folder at a rate of approximately 100 messages per minute. For more information about how to change the message processing rate and for more information about how to configure the Replay folder, see How to Configure the Replay Directory.
For more information about how to export and resubmit messages to Exchange, see How to Export and Resubmit Messages.
For more information, see the following topics:Invite Freelancer to Project
You don't seem to have an active project at the moment. Why not Posting a project now? It's free!Post a project
Catherine L.
Catherine L. Online Offline
Our passion is to help small and growing businesses in developing their image and sales. With A+ Global Solutions' interactive and dynamic Sales Skills Training, our professional telemarketers are 100% engaged in bringing in more sales and happy customers in each call.
- N/AJobs Completed
- N/AOn Budget
- N/AOn Time
- N/ARepeat Hire Rate
Recent Reviews
Badges
The PerfectionistEdited a bid.
The PerfectionistEdited a bid.
My Top Skills
- Telemarketing 0
- Sales 0
- Leads 0Description
- MFG # GT123
- UPC # 812711012162
Fiber supports regularity‚ digestion and intestinal microflora balance with a vegetarian blend of organic dietary fibers‚ prebiotics and probotics.
Product Highlights:
- Supports regularity and digestion.
- 7 grams of fiber.
- 6 digestive support blends.
- 1 billion prebiotics and probiotics (14 Grams)
Servings Per Container: About 20
Amount Per Serving / % DV*
Calories 50
Calories from Fat 20
Total Fat 2g / 3%
Total Carbohydrate 7g / 2%
Dietary Fiber 7g / 28%
Soluble Fiber 1g / †
Insoluble Fiber 6g / †
Sugars 1g / †
Protein 2g / 4%
Calcium 45mg / 4%
Copper (As copper citrate) 1mg / 50%
Chromium (As chromium chloride) 120mcg / 100%
Genesis Today's Proprietary Superfiber Blend 6‚667mg / †
Organic flax seed‚ hemp seed flour‚ apple fruit fiber‚ rice bran‚ carrot root fiber‚ beet root fiber‚ organic noni fruit fiber‚ organic noni leaf fiber‚ organic oat seed fiber‚ organic pea seed fiber‚ grapefruit fruit fiber‚ guar seed fiber‚ orange fruit fiber‚ papaya fruit‚ butternut bark‚ prune fruit.
Genesis Today's Proprietary Digestive Tract Blend 725mg / †
Boldo leaf‚ cat's claw bark‚ ginger root‚ nopal cactus cladode‚ slippery elm bark‚ aloe vera leaf.
Genesis Today's Proprietary Prebiotic Blend 500mg / †
Fructooligosaccharides‚ galactooligosaccharides.
Genesis Today's Proprietary Probiotic Blend 1 Billion CFUs** / †
Bifidobacterium lactis‚ bifidobacterium breve‚ lactobacillus acidophilus‚ lactobacillus casei ssp. casei‚ lactobacillus casei ssp. rhamnosis‚ lactobacillus paracasei‚ lactobacillus plantarum‚ lactobacillus delbrueckii ssp. bulgaricus‚ lactobacillus salivarius‚ streptococcus thermophilus.
Genesis Today's Proprietary Glycemic Support Blend 260mg / †
Bitter melon fruit extract‚ gymnema sylvestre leaf‚ organic cinnamon bark.
Genesis Today's Proprietary Heat Generating Blend 225mg / †
Basil leaf‚ cumin seed‚ turmeric root‚ l-glutamine‚ orange peel‚ organic maca root‚ cardamom seed‚ centaury herb‚ clove flowers‚ gentian root.
*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2‚000 calorie diet.
**CFU's represented are at time of manufacture.
†Daily Value not established.
Other Ingredients: Rebiana (stevia leaf extract).
This product is free of gluten‚ psyllium‚ soy‚ lactose and dairy.
Dosage
Mix one (1) scoop of Fiber into 6 to 8 oz. of water or beverage of choice and stir briskly. Drink one or more servings daily.
Precautions
Do not use if seal around cap is broken. Keep out of reach of children. After opening‚ store in your freezer (recommended) or refrigerator to maintain optimal freshness.
Allergy / Dietary Needs
- Dairy Free
- Gluten Free
- Lactose Free
- Soy Free
- Psyll<<
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first. - - Shakespeare
Join us to make Deptford Reach’s Homes for the Homeless Project a reality.
Deptford Reach has been granted planning permission to develop the current site in Deptford, South East London to create a self-sustainable building including 21 units for accommodation. These 1 bedroom flats will provide much needed accommodation as we support and prepare our clients to move on, whilst helping to reduce rough sleeping within the borough.
The project has been estimated to cost £3m and there is no better time to start fundraising than now!
To make a donation or to find out more, click the link below.
Some of the Staff and Volunteers of Deptford Reach
Our Staff and Volunteers, pictured at Deptford Reach after the client and members Christmas Meal.Article Preview
Column: Obama’s fight club
Published 01/28/2010, Worthington Daily Globe
WASHINGTON — In the run-up to Barack Obama’s State of the Union address, the so-called narrative question is whether the president will be — pick a curtain — party leader, president, conciliator or fighter.Word count: 742
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.In tomorrow’s issue of the New York Times, I have an essay that grew out of a meeting I went to earlier this month on natural history illustrations through the ages. The essay is accompanied by some of the cooler images I saw there, some of which are also included in the web version. Here’s one that wasn’t–one of the first illustrations of the legendary Victoria Regia water lily, so big that a single leaf could support a grown man. I explain in the essay why this picture was the 1854 equivalent of a high-resolution digital scan..$292,000 Trulia Est.
-
- |
-
PUBLIC RECORD
8902 Shore Haven Ct Charlotte, NC 28269 (Davis Lake - Eastfield)
- Single-Family Home
- 4 Bedrooms
- 2 full, 1 partial Bathrooms
- 3,061 sqft
- Lot size: 0.31 acres
- Built in 1993
- Edit Home Facts
Property Details for 8902 Shore Haven Ct
Description provided by Trulia
8902 Shore Haven Ct This is a Single-Family Home located at 8902 Shore Haven Court, Charlotte NC. 8902 Shore Haven Ct has 4 beds, 2 ½ baths, and approximately 3,061 square feet. The property was built in 1993. 8902 Shore Haven Ct is in the Davis Lake - Eastfield neighborhood in Charlotte, NC. The average list price for Davis Lake - Eastfield is $178,312.
Public Records for 8902 Shore Haven Ct
Official property, sales, and tax information from county (public) records as of 05/2014:
- Single Family Residential
- 1 Partial Bathroom
- Built In 1993
- Heating
- 1 Unit
- County: Mecklenburg
- 4 Bedrooms
- 3,061 sqft
- Stories: 2 story
- Exterior Walls: Masonry
- Foundation: Crawl/Raised
- Tax Rate Code Area: CITY OF CHARLOTTE
- 2 Bathrooms
- Lot Size: 0.31 acres
- A/C: Central
- Roof: Asphalt
- Fireplace
See businesses, schools, and crimes near this home
Property Taxes and Assessment for 8902 Shore Haven Ct
Source: Public Records
Estimates around 8902 Shore Haven Ct
- Home Estimates for 8902 Shore Haven CtHat Creek Campground
This quaint little campground is nestled along the water's edge. Campers can park their boat or jet ski within sight of your campsite.
Activities
Facilities
- Campsites
- Camping Cabins
- Playground
- Picnic Shelter
- Boat Ramp
- Fish Cleaning Station
- Fishing Dock (ADA Accessible)
Sanitation / Water
- Flush toilets and showers
- Drinking water
- Vault toilets
ADA / Accessible
- Restrooms
- Campsites (103E)
- Cabins (C11, C12)
- Fishing Dock
- Picnic Shelter
Campsites
Mouse over site number for campsite photoDifficulty
Culture Shock
Remoteness
Risk
Dates 2 Sep '12 to 12 Sep '12
Flexible? Somewhat
Est. Cost 50 - 200 EUR (EUR Euro)
Type Travel Partners Wanted
Name Paris - Feu D'Artifice
Still looking for flights? You can have flight experts compete against one another to find you the absolute best and cheapest flights.
Launch a Flight Contest on Flightfox now!Possible Answer
The 1800 calorie diabetic diet plan is one of several popular diabetes diets. What is it? Who is it for? What is a sample example of the menu? - read more
Seek Help. Ask your physician to recommend a nutritionist to help you design a good 1800 calorie diabetic diet plan menu, or visit your local community or senior ... - read more
Please vote if the answer you were given helped you or not, thats the best way to improve our algorithm. You can also submit an answer or search documents about 1800 calorie diabetic diet plan.ISLAND CITY The Eastern Oregon University polo and rodeo clubs will hold a barbecue fund-raiser at 6 p.m. Saturday.
The event will be held at The Place at McAlister Road and Buchanan Lane. Proceeds will go toward the new polo team at EOU, plus the rodeo club and La Grande FFA.
Cost is $20 per person and $30 for a couple for the pit barbecue dinner. An auction is planned after dinner.Michele Bachmann addressed the anonymous sniping from former aides about her "incapacitating" weekly migraines at a campaign event in South Carolina yesterday, trying to put it to rest. And then some of her goons roughed up ABC News' Brian Ross. Hooray! And to think, it's not even August.
"I'd like to be abundantly clear," Bachmann said. "My ability to function effectively will not effective... will not affect my ability to serve as commander-in-chief." And her ability to effectively serve as commander-in-chief will not affect her ability to effectively affect, which will not affect the effect of functioning... what? Fortunately her campaign sent out something coherent later on. The point is, she's good to go!
Not to ABC News' wrong investigative reporter Brian Ross, however. He pulled the ol' "run and shout strange questions and get yourself hit" routine. This is how accolades are made, j-schoolers! Time's Michael Crowley was on the scene:."
Now we'll never know the answer to the all-important question of whether Michele Bachmann has ever taken a sick day.- Tracking Social Media and 2011 Nigeria Elections
- NHRC Consolidated Amendment Act 2012
- Nigeria Police Code of Conduct
- Constitutional Provisions for the Formation of Political Parties in Nigeria
- Nigeria’s Federal Executive Council: Contacts and Social media info
- President Jonathan’s Cabinet
- Report of the Petroleum Revenue Special Task Force
- Summary of 2013 Budget Proposal
- Full list of 2012 National Honours Awardees
- Mapping Digital Media: Nigeria
- APPROPRIATION BILL 2012Beck
Biography
American musician, singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
Beck.
Beck discovered hip hop and folk music in his teens and began to perform locally at coffeehouses and clubs. He moved from California to New York City in 1989 and became involved in the city's small but intense anti-folk movement. After returning to his hometown in the early 1990s, he cut his breakthrough single "Loser", which became a worldwide hit in 1994. His 1996 release hip hop, and Modern Guilt (2008), likewise, by 1960s music. Beck is currently working on two new studio albums..
Link to Wikipedia biography
Relationships
- associate relationship with Gainsbourg, Charlotte (born 21 July 1971). Notes: collaborated on her album IRM
Source Notes
Sy Scholfield quotes "Beck: The Art of Mutation" by Nevin Martell (Simon and Schuster, 2002): "The man we know today as simply Beck was born in Los Angeles at 11:59 p.m. on July 8, 1970, as Bek David Campbell. His parents, David Campbell and Bibbe Hansen, were an artistically inclined couple . . ."
Categories
- Vocation : Entertain/Music : Instrumentalist
- Vocation : Entertain/Music : Song writer
- Vocation : Entertain/Music : Vocalist/ Pop, Rock, etc.friggin'florafotofromfrontyardfrolicfotography by John Linton
Atlanta by Aaron Morgan
Ste. Michel des Saints ! by elfriede fulda
XDm .40 Compact by Aaron Morgan
Watching Over the Vineyard by Karin J. Burton
scene... by daniele castellucchio
Humorous mural by Ann Reece
Driving on Mount Rainier, Washington by Ann Reece
Moving to the music by Ann Reece
It is Raining by Sonia Adam Murray
reflecting... by Litz Go
"Hands-on" Guidance by Toby Morrison
« BackJOE FAILK's favorites:
7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Next »
RSS for JOE FAILK's favorites
© 8020 Media, Inc. 2006 - 2015. Contributions © their respective holders.
About · Advertising ·
Terms of use · Privacy policy · Help · Contact usTV Show (2010)
Reality series following fashion designers Austin Scarlett and Santino Rice, who travel across the USA creating unique dresses for deserving women and girls.
Watch It
- Online 0 locations
- On DVD 0 available
- On TV 0 showings
- Cast & Credits 4 people
- Episode Guide On the Road With Austin & Santino is next on TV.
Never miss an episode of On the Road With Austin &… again!
On the Road With Austin & Santino is not on TV at the moment. Sign up to LocateTV and we'll email you when it is next on!
Cast
- Austin Scarlett Host
- Santino Rice Host
Latest Episodes
- Life's a Stage
The duo creates a special outfit for country singer Lindzi Parker.
- Pawty Time
In Black Mountain, N.C., Austin and Santino design a dress for a woman's benefit to support her wolf-dog rescue sanctuary.
- Cop Out
The duo travels to Christiansburg, Va. to design a dress for a policewoman's wedding anniversary.
Generating recommendations...
Comments - what do you think of On the Road With Austin & Santino?News & Events
+ View
+ Sort
Drawing week March 5th through 9thPosted on March 02, 2012
Starting March 5th the Department of Art + Art History encourages you to come and explore the 2nd and 3rd floor of the Fine Arts building. Works in various media and approaches that speak to the diversity of contemporary drawing will be showcased. Drawing Fundamentals, Intermediate Drawing, Advanced Drawing and Life Drawing will be exhibiting their best work.Is the reason for the prohibition on khamr (wine, alcoholic drinks) the fact that it causes intoxication? So if there was a kind of khamr that does not cause intoxication, would it not be haraam? Please note that in the west there is a kind of khamr in which there no alcohol that would cause intoxication, i.e., the ratio of alcohol in it is zero percent. Please note that I have read on your website a fatwa by our shaykh Ibn ‘Uthaymeen in which he said that if khamr does not cause intoxication then it is not khamr. The khamr that is available in America does cause intoxication, then using scientific industrial means they remove the alcohol from it. What is the ruling on this khamr?
Firstly:
The word khamr refers to all kinds of intoxicating drinks, whether it existed in the past or exists at present or will exist in the future, and whether the drink is made from grapes, barley, dates, corn or anything else.
That is indicated by the words of the Prophet (blessings and peace of Allah be upon him): “Every intoxicant is khamr and every khamr is haraam.” Narrated by Muslim, 2003
Khamr is a word that applies to any kind of drink that causes intoxication.
See: Ma‘aalim as-Sunan by al-Khattaabi, 4/264
Based on that, any drink that does not cause intoxication is not called khamr and it is not deemed to be haraam. But it is essential to make certain that this drink does not cause intoxication. It is often said that some drinks do not cause intoxication, then that turns out not to be so in reality.
Al-Haafiz said: The ruling is connected to the reason, and the reason for the prohibition of khamr is intoxication; whenever there is intoxication the prohibition applies.
End quote from Fath al-Baari, 10/56
Secondly:
It is not permissible to treat khamr in order to remove the alcohol from it; this is like what the scholars said about the prohibition on turning khamr into vinegar.
That is because we are commanded to avoid khamr, as Allah, may He be exalted, says (interpretation of the meaning):
“O you who believe! Intoxicants (all kinds of alcoholic drinks), gambling, Al-Ansab (stone altars for sacrifices to idols), and Al-Azlam (arrows for seeking luck or decision) are an abomination of Shaitan’s (Satan) handiwork. So avoid (strictly all) that (abomination) in order that you may be successful.”
[al-Maa’idah 5:90].
Avoiding something means keeping far away from it, so that it is not near you.
End quote from Adwa’ al-Bayaan, 3/33
Treating it to remove the alcohol from it is contrary to avoiding it.
Shaykh al-Islam Ibn Taymiyah (may Allah have mercy on him) said: Because keeping khamr is haraam; if a person is keeping it to turn it into vinegar, he has committed a haraam action.
End quote from Majmoo‘ al-Fataawa, 21/503
It is proven from the Prophet (blessings and peace of Allah be upon him) that it is forbidden to turn khamr into vinegar. Muslim (1983) narrated from Anas ibn Maalik (may Allah be pleased with him) that the Prophet (blessings and peace of Allah be upon him) was asked about wine that is made into vinegar. He said: “No.”
According to a version narrated by Abu Dawood (3675), Abu Talhah asked the Prophet (blessings and peace of Allah be upon him) about some orphans who inherited some wine. He said: “Pour it away.” He said: Can I turn it into vinegar? He said: “No.”
Classed as saheeh by al-Albaani in al-Majmoo‘, 9/233; Ibn al-Mulqin in al-Badr al-Muneer, 6/630; and Shaykh al-Albaani in Saheeh Abi Dawood.
This prohibition implies that it is haraam; if it were possible to benefit from khamr or to turn it into something from which people could benefit, it would not be permissible to pour it away; rather the Prophet (blessings and peace of Allah be upon him) would have instructed him to do that, especially since it belonged to orphans and it is haraam to squander their wealth.
In Fataawa al-Lajnah ad-Daa’imah (22/92) it says: Khamr must be poured away… because the Prophet (blessings and peace of Allah be upon him) issued orders to that effect when the two verses concerning the prohibition of alcohol were revealed. It is haraam to keep it and make use of it as it is, and it is haraam to turn it into something other than khamr by turning it into vinegar or turning part of it into vinegar or extracting the alcohol from it, or to mix it with something else that one wants to benefit from, because the Prophet (blessings and peace of Allah be upon him) forbade turning khamr into alcohol in order to block the means that may lead to evil and to prevent any possibility of people going back to making it and using it. End quote.
See also the answer to question no. 14276
To sum up: treating khamr to remove the alcohol from it is haraam, and is not permissible.
But if that has been done, is it permissible for a person to drink it, seeing that it is free of the intoxicants which are the reason for the prohibition, or not?
Shaykh Ibn ‘Uthaymeen (may Allah have mercy on him) said:
The well known view is that if it has been turned into vinegar, it does not become pure (taahir), even if the intoxicating effect has been removed, because removing the intoxicants is done by means of doing something haraam, so it is still haraam.
Some of the scholars said that it does become pure and therefore becomes permissible, even though the action is haraam. The reason they give for that is that the reason why it is impure (najis) is because it causes intoxication, and the intoxicants have been removed, so it is halaal.
Others said that if it was turned into vinegar by people who believe that khamr is permissible, such as the People of the Book, the Jews and Christians, then it is permissible and becomes pure (taahir); if it was turned into vinegar by people for whom it is not permissible, then it is still haraam and impure (najis).
This opinion is most likely to be correct. According to this view, the vinegar that comes from the Jews and Christians is halaal and pure (taahir) because they did that on the basis that they believe it is permissible.
End quote from ash-Sharh al-Mumti‘, 1/250
He also said: But if it was turned into vinegar by someone who believes that turning it into vinegar is permissible, whether he is a Muslim or a non-Muslim, is it halaal?
The correct answer is that it is halaal, because it was turned into vinegar in a permissible manner, so it became permissible. Based on that, the vinegar that is imported from non-Muslim countries is halaal for Muslims, even if it was produced by means of human actions, because it was turned into vinegar by the actions of a human who believed it to be permissible.
End quote from ash-Sharh al-Mumti‘, 10/53
To sum up:
If it is clear that this drink is free of alcohol, there is nothing wrong with drinking it. Similarly, if treatment of khamr to remove alcohol from it was done by people who believe it is permissible to do that, then it is permissible to drink it. However we should point out that this treatment is something that is haraam for the Muslim to do according to the most correct opinion.
And Allah knows best.Two.
In July 2010 a reparations law and an Institute of Memory laws were drafted and discussed by Parliamentary Committee A with NGOs and victims. The laws were revised by Parliamentary Committee A, but Parliament voted to consider the original version in September 2010, passing both in principle. Debate about the content of the laws and the revision was scheduled to recommence in February this year, yet 10 months later nothing has been done. Victims are still waiting for these laws to be fully considered and implemented.
On 12 October this year Timor Leste presented its first national report to the Universal Periodic Review in Geneva. In response, many of the world’s nations called upon Timor Leste to both pass in full the reparations and Institute of Memory laws, and implement their provisions immediately.
The National Victims’ Association calls upon President Horta, Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao and all Parliamentarians to fulfil their obligations to the victims, the Timorese people and the international community and urges Parliament to use the 36th anniversary of the start of the Indonesian invasion to put an end to victim suffering through a state policy of reparations and establishment of the Institute of Memory. You cannot erase our past, only recognise it and its consequences in order to move forward. There is no need to wait any longer; pass the Reparations and Institute of Memory laws in full.US Army issue sun, wind, and dust goggles left in commissary on Monday 9/1 am. (Maybe Tuesday?)
I was sure they were Thorny's -- they were left at his spot -- but he says nope.
Yours?
Return to 2003 Lost & Found
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guestD- the type of generic declaration that declared the underlying type variable.
public interface TypeVariable<D extends GenericDeclaration> extends Type, AnnotatedElement.
getTypeName
getAnnotation, getAnnotations, getAnnotationsByType, getDeclaredAnnotation, getDeclaredAnnotations, getDeclaredAnnotationsByType, isAnnotationPresent
Type[] getBounds()
TypeNotPresentException- if any of the bounds refers to a non-existent type declaration
MalformedParameterizedTypeException- if any of the bounds refer to a parameterized type that cannot be instantiated for any reason
D getGenericDeclaration()
GenericDeclarationobject representing the generic declaration declared this type variable.
String getName()
AnnotatedType[] getAnnotatedB.Every year at Oblong Books in Rhinebeck, we "adopt" several classrooms of kids who don't get books as presents, and we make sure that they DO. Each star on the tree represents one local child and is labeled with their age, reading level and interests.
This year we challenged ourselves to the biggest Book Angel project yet. We just about doubled the number of kids we're helping, and we've added a batch of high schoolers - which means the Book Angel project now officially spans 100 local Hudson Valley kids of all ages, K-12. ALL these 100 kids will get great new books this year!
***
UPDATE: WE REACHED OUR GOAL!!!
As of last night, we'd taken care of about half the kids on the list... but there were still so many stars left! So at 7pm eastern time, I threw the challenge down on this blog and on twitter.
I'm so proud and excited to tell you that thanks to YOU we reached our goal in ONE HOUR.
Each of the 100 kids on our list will receive at least TWO* brand-new, hand-chosen (and if I may say so, superb) books. That is four classrooms of kids who may have never had a new book of their very own before. I am beyond delighted. You are all amazing.
Suzanna at Oblong Books and I stayed until 10pm running around the store like mad selecting all the titles. This part is both the most thrilling, especially when one of the children seems like a kindred spirit so you can gift a personal favorite and know they will LOVE it... and the most challenging, when you have to find the PERFECT books for the kid whose star says something like "1st Grade: Dirt bikes and wrestling!" Anyway, it was fun and exhausting and I loved it, and I might have cried a little from happiness, and today we have a lot of presents to wrap. :-)
If you still want to be a Book Angel, consider a donation to FirstBook -- they do this all year long:
* "At least two" because in the case of early readers which are so short and slim we chose 3, or a pb/early reader combo. YA and MG novels got 2 each, a mixture of hardcover and paperback. Our goal is to give books that are both appropriate and that they'll adore based on the interests and level they shared with us.
Love love love this idea. Hope I can participate next year. I love donating toys, but books are such a big part of my life that all my nieces and nephews only get books from me for Christmas. :)Earnings from its energy division were about $US200 million higher than consensus forecasts and the iron ore division posted a $US100 million surprise.
The miner has announced a US45¢ a share dividend in line with its previous forecasts. As with
But Rio has forecast it will also pay a US45¢ a share interim dividend and a total cash dividend for the 2010 financial year at least equal to its 2008 payout of $US1.75 billion, albeit spread over a larger number of shares after its $US15 billion rights issue last year.
Rio has not approved any new expansion projects alongside the release of its results, although it continues to consider increasing its iron ore production to 330 million tonnes a year by 2015.
It is continuing to progress its iron ore joint venture with BHP.
Rio said its aluminium division had returned to profitability in the second half on the back of increased prices for the light metal.
Rio reduced its debt from $US38.7 billion last year to $US18.9 billion and lowered its gearing to 29 per cent by the end of 2009 as a result of its rights issue and asset sales.
Rio also booked a $US182 million charge for a break fee to Chinalco as part of its results and $US231 million of costs from restructuring and staff reduction. It also booked another $US500 million of impairment charges on the value of its Alcan engineered products division.
The Australian Financial Review for "me" this pretty much sums up what "love" is.
[This message edited by c6284x at 10:51 PM, August 9th (Friday)]
Reading these forums I realize my story is not unique, there are thousands of us on here and new stories every day in Just Found Out. I just don't know if another relationship is with it. I may be too cynical but I think there is only a small percentage of people who take a marriage commitment seriously. If you get bored or want more excitement just move on no biggie.
20 months out from dday and I still feel this way....
me BS 52
him - 46
married 15 years DIVORCED 10 31 12
children - ds15 ds12
d-day 12-19-11
I gave a 24hour ultimatum then went to attorney next day
Divorce filed
[This message edited by Shockedman at 5:20 PM, August 21st (Wednesday)]
I think about the situation we in this thread are in a lot. On the one hand, the pain is almost unbearable. That he able to be enjoying a new relationship, and setting up his new life is very upsetting for me. I miss him deeply and I feel lonely: stuck between a past I didn't understand (apparently) and a future that didn't exist. My grieving for us and him is intense. I believed in us.
On the other hand, when I read the stories in reconciliation or in divorce (some after attempting reconciliation) I wonder if we are somehow the lucky ones. We weren't given the opportunity to make things right, but possibly in the long run we have the chance to heal and move on.
It doesn't feel that way to me right now, but I'm wondering. Thanks for your support.
Just 6 weeks ago I thought I had it all and was telling my friend I have never been happier, good marriage, great kids, nice house, etc...I was happy, content, etc.
I come home from long summer vacation with the kids and my H drops the bomb that he has been having LTA for last 16 months and hasn't been happy for a really long time. It was really ugly.
He met this OW on an open marriage chat room. Apparently started as sex, then they "feel in love." He was hoping he could talk me into an open marriage arrangement so he could have us both, and maybe I could find someone else too?
The next morning, before I had even processed all of this, He ended up telling our 10 year old, not only that we may be getting divorced, but that there may be another person involved. Both kids were crying, it was a mess. I kicked him out because he was such a loose cannon and this man was not the husband I knew, like a complete stranger, and I had to get him out of there.
Over the course of the next week, I ended up finding out more and more about what happened through him and others. The extent of the betrayal and lies and lifestyle he was participating in were dicusting, in poor judgement, and just plain crazy. I was shocked, horrified and scared.
I realized I do not know this man, who acted like everything was fine and that he really loved me dearly. I was shocked, terrified and heartbroken.
I found out from OW's H, who left her because of this A too, that they were planning to tell me when I got back from vacation and they have a plan to be together, I flipped out. I thought he was confessing this A, but not trying to run off with her.
I changed the locks, and I took half the money and put it in personal account in case he was going to take it all and take off.
It got uglier and uglier. I said mean things and those mean things just gave him fuel for justifying his actions.
We made a list of agreements and a cool off period, where neither would file and neither would start a scorched earth legal campaign. He broke those agreements 2 days later and served me D papers. He said He got scared and thought I was going to run away with the kids and file for D in another state.
Now, we communicate every other day about the schedule for visitation and can't be in the same room together with the exception of at the Divorce therapist office.
I am mourning the loss of the life I thought I had, the marriage I thought I had, the man I thought he was, the future dreams I had for us, the life I wanted our kids to have, the financial security we had, the success, everything is now shattered.
I am sad, so very sad. I don't even know how this?
I am very curious how things ended up for you and your WS.
Thanks!
After I found out, my ex went straight back to the other woman and has been living with her ever since. I talk to him on a regular basis (I told him to file for the divorce--his mess, his clean up--but he has been procrastinating for almost the entire year) and from what I can gather, things are "okay" but sometimes, he wants to just pick up and leave her behind and move somewhere new. I asked him if he'd talked to her about these things or if she was aware that things aren't perfectly rosy, but he says she seems completely oblivious. Last time we talked, he also said, "Sometimes, I wonder what things would have been like if I had stayed and worked things out. I wonder what my life would be like right now." He's doing the same old thing in the same old place where he's been since a teenager, but I moved across the country, got a new job, and started a new life. He sounded wistful and even envious. He also said that his girlfriend "quivers in fear" every time she sees that he and I have called or messaged each other. That girl has nothing to fear--I wouldn't enter a relationship with that guy again if my life depended on it.
My XH divorced me to marry ow a couple of weeks after we were final. About 6 months from DD. That was 2003, they are still together. He is not allowed to do things she does not approve for him. Her approval extends to him talking with his parents, certain children, grandchildren. He may be happy, but I would not want to live like ghat.
XSO moved ow into his house, quickly. I do not hear nor see him, and have no idea what his life is like. I assume since he told me he didn't think k it would last (XSO was 53 OWwas 26) when he said that he looked older than his age. I assume since he seems to be following the same path and timeline as XH-that he will continue on it.
My focus is on where my path is leading me.
Hugs,
K?
Ex left in August 2009, and I filed for divorce the same month. But then ex dragged the divorce out until April 2010. At the same time, he was living with OW, taking vacations, and buying expensive toys.
Fast forward to now - I haven't seen or spoken with ex since the summer before last. My kids are both young adults now, and whatever relationship they have with their dad is between them and their dad. I had to text ex recently about something he never followed up on from the divorce, and I got one word replies from him. So either I'm still the enemy (quite possible - both ex and OW have stalked me online before, so ex should be fully aware of my opinion of him. I'm sure it pisses him off), or OW has him on an incredibly short leash and he's not allowed to talk to me (also very possible).
Ex married OW earlier this year, and didn't tell the kids ahead of time. He told one of them after it happened, and let his child announce it to the rest of us. I was actually surprised it took as long as it did for them to get married (the affair started by the beginning of 2008 so in their world, they've been together 6+ years). DS18 tells me that "step-monster" is really insecure, and apparently she's the one who pushed to get married.
Obviously, we're not friends. And no, they haven't tried to be friends with me. A couple of years ago, I had to deal with ex in person about something and we were able to be in the same room together and have a civil conversation, so that's something. But there hasn't been any in person contact in almost 1.5 years so who knows what would happen now.
I don't know if ex is happy, and I don't really care. He's got the life he chose, and I've gone on to recreate and rebuild my life. And my life is good. Really, really good. Living well truly is the best revenge.
Pretty pretty please, don't you ever ever feel
Like you're less than, less than?
It has been 5 years... They are married. No one tried to be friends. Too many lies. They have a huge home, toys, vacations, etc... I guess they are truly happy. They "found" one another. Just at the expense of everyone else...
I wish I could say things didn't work for them. I REALLLLLLY WISH IT.
I am still untrusting because he was my husband & I had that connection with him. What I didn't realize was love at first site can truly be blind.
It's surreal and I can't handle it. I loved him with all of my heart..and he claimed to love me too. He was my best friend, my life.
He hasn't even glanced back, or asked how our 3 yro is, or if the pregnancy is going ok. He's completely gone.
I am very sorry. Please know there are so many here to support you. Be good to yourself - get support - your babies need you.
With many ((hugs))
We haven't had to endure the pain of reconciliation or, worse still, false reconciliation and the bandaid was ripped clean off in one go.
However, I find that I haven't been able to confront my attacker, my life was destroyed without consultation and my kids taken from me, another man is now living with them and I don't have a say in any of it.
And whilst she is in the honeymoon phase of her new life, new house, pregnant with an illegitimate child and playing happy families with POS and my children, she is able to bury the guilt and emotions of ending a 19 year relationship and concentrate on her new life.
Meanwhile I walk around still in shock 9 months later using every penny I've got and more that I haven't got, fighting her in the court to see my children more than 4 days a month.
People who leave for their AP seem to be premeditated, possibly genuinely unhappy in their marriage and leap at the first chance of a different life. They leave behind devastation, bewilderment and blame.
I have been replaced as a husband and father and son-in-law with a lower life form
I know, we all know, how you feel.
We are walking around like zombies and still shell shocked from the nuclear holocaust they have dropped on us and our families.
They walk around oblivious to what they've done and resent us for being broken by their actions.
My CSTBXWW has recently stated in a court document that I took the marriage break up 'quite hard' and by inference she thinks I took it harder than I should have. I think I took it the normal amount. She thinks I should just get over it.
Clueless.Home > Releases > BEA Regions Health Insurance Coverage > Health Insurance Coverage: Coverage Rate in the Far West BEA Region (Discontinued Series) (BEAFWHICCOVPCT)
Download Data |
Add to My Data List
| Current Series in FRED
Graph:
Edit |
Print |
PDF |
Save
Related Categories
U.S. Regional Data > BEA Regions > Far WestFor nearly 20 years Steven Shell has been giving classical furniture styles a contemporary, at times whimsical, and always highly distinctive reinterpretation. But the company is committed not only to fabulous design and handcrafted quality but also to maintaining green sourcing: It plants at least one tree in Indonesia for each piece of furniture it manufactures.
Love this Furniture? Click our Like button for more sales like this.We found 10 sites within 52 miles of Brewood with 0 bookable
Let us help you find more search results…
Try increasing your search radius to within 62, 72, 82, 92 miles of Brewood.
Try widening your geographic area to: Staffordshire, or Central England, or England.
Remove all
or some of the search filters:
Remove BirdwatchingResumen:
Spaceheadz (Books 1-4) : From the mind of the first National Ambassador for Young People's Literature, Jon Scieszka, the 100%, all-in-one Spaceheadz paperback boxed set.
Michael K. is in fifth grade, and he has aliens for friends. As in, real aliens, disguised as school children. And a hamster. They're on a mission to convince 3.14 million-and one-kids to BE SPHDZ. But with a hamster as their leader, "kids" who talk like walking advertisements, and Michael K. as their first convert, will the SPHDZ be able to keep their cover and pull off their assignment?
This hilarious collection of all four SPHDZ books includes: SPHDZ Book #1!, SPHDZ Book #2!, SPHDZ Book #3!, and SPHDZ 4 LIFE!Reviewed by 1 customer
Pros
Cons
Best Uses
Comments about Bosch 12V Max Cordless Lithium-Ion 3/8 in. Drill Driver and Inspection Camera Combo Kit:
This is THE killer combo for rewiring old homes or remodeling in the "unknown". The drill/driver has as much or MORE usable power than my 19.2V C******** set and weighs easily a third what the big guy does. Goes anywhere your fist can and is per-fect-ly balanced. Even the keyless chuck operation is smooth and painless (gear "locks" when off so you don't have to hold the shaft collar and twist the chuck at the same time - why wasn't this feature on all keyless chucks I've used in the last 10 years?). The LED work light is super convenient (again, why did it take years to put that on a drill); the battery "fuel gauge" is a NICE touch. The inspection camera is solid and has USEFUL features that some other companies forgot. No, the monitor does not "swivel", but the neck is 1' longer and easily manipulated to get the picture "upside-right" if that's what your brain needs to tell what it's looking at. The head IS larger in diameter than some other units, but I LIKE that. The snake is easier to handle and stays put better than the "red" competitor, which I returned to buy this kit. I can hang the Bosch off my ladder by the coiled inspection snake - THAT's how well it holds its shape. The one I returned? Would slowly "sag" if you didn't watch it. I'm not inspecting the inside of a toilet bowl - I'm inspecting the inside of a straight, plaster wall cavity. The snake has to hold its contour if I need it to, which this unit DOES. Add the extra foot over the competitor, the VIdeo OUT feature (haven't used it yet, but I'm sure I will), and the easily detachable camera snake (easy to pack/easy to change/easy to store), and this one is a winner. As with my other Bosch tools, the build quality and attention to detail is exactly what I would expect. That is - better than 90% of the junk out there for only a little more money. I spent a few Hamiltons more on this kit than a competitor's inspection camera-only set, and could not be happier. I have not used the small attachments for the end of the snake, but if the need arises, they look like they will suffice for retrieving small metal objects (say, a screw from inside the engine compartment of my Jeep, but not a bolt), hook the end of a wire-chase line (not the cable itself), and so forth. It's a camera for "inspecting", after all - not a Swiss Army knife. I don't fault the design for the limitations of needing a more serious "pulling" tool to get those heavy pull/retrieve jobs done.
Do you have questions about this product?
Get answers from real customers and in-house experts with AnswerBox.
Q:Is this new or reconditioned?
2 answers
A:This is a new unit.
A:This is a new tool.size on diskFiles are stored on the disk in what is called called clusters (a group of disk sectors). Size on disk refers to the amount of cluster allocation a file is taking up, compared to file size which is an actual byte count. The lowest cluster size for FAT32 is 1, so if the actual file only needs a small portion of the cluster, the size on disk for that file will reflect the entire cluster as being used. This is why when you check the properties tab of a file (using Microsoft Windows), you will usually see the size on disk size is larger than the file size.
See also cluster and »erukrv
Languages: English
Looking for guild: unknown
Raids per week: unknown
Specs playing: unknownlast updated unknown
Statistics: Common Kills Proving Grounds PvP Pet Battles Quests
Raid Progress
Tiers: tier17
Gear
- Jan 3, 2013 Secerukrv joined guild
Battery
- Jan 3, 2013 Secerukrv left guild
Psihijatrija
- Nov 7, 2012 Secerukrv joined guild
Psihijatrija
- Feb 8, 2012 Secerukrv left guild
No Spec Necessary
- Feb 5, 2012 Secerukrv joined guild
No Spec Necessary I have lived here for almost three years. I got an excellent buy on the model home I wanted but because many of these homes are forty
Years old and owned by a much older crowd they are in need of a complete gut job. I fixed my home up to my liking, all new kitchen,
Bathrooms, flooring, central air etc. I love my home but this community is not 55 and up, it's more like 75 and up. I have met some nice people but most people are 20 years older than me.
I didn't realize that when I purchased. We are lacking an indoor which I would've liked. If you are looking for a younger crowd this is not the place for you. When homes are sold they are sold to extreme seniors. The newer developments with younger people are very pricey so people have to realize that when they are shopping for a new home. Also the hoa fees are expensive.
Concordia
Monroe, NJView CommunityGood news for you Mac owners, you can now get the popular Logitech C910 HD webcam too! It can do 1080P videos and even 720P video calling, all for just $99.
So you can make HD video calls and Full HD video recordings on a Mac® computer, Logitech (SIX:LOGN) (NASDAQ:LOGI) today announced that its flagship Logitech® HD Pro Webcam C910 is now Mac-compatible.. ™™. and audio™™ with Google TV™, the U.S., Europe and Asia for a suggested retail price of $99.99 (U.S.). The Logitech Webcam Software for Mac is available for free download at:. For more information on the Logitech HD webcams, please visit.Civil War & Reconstruction
A Look at Virginians During Reconstruction
In this lesson students will examine how governmental actions during Reconstruction (1865-77) affected individual choices. Students will consider the lives of African Americans in Virginia during this period, noting how national and state political actions impacted the education of African Americans in Virginia. This lesson focuses on the opportunities that Reconstruction opened up for African Americans. Specifically, it provides students the opportunity to learn about a former slave, William Jasper, and his family. It works well after students have learned about slavery and the Civil War in Virginia, and before students study the effects of segregation and "Jim Crow" on life in Virginia—a time during which many of these opportunities vanished.
A Nation Divided: Why Couldn’t They Just Get Along?
This unit explores the differences between the Northern and Southern states and their underlying reasons for the differing views on slavery. Through the analysis of primary sources, the students uncover how the economic differences and priorities had a large effect on the passionate convictions for both sides of the divided nation..
Virginia and the Civil War
In this lesson, students will demonstrate their understanding that Virginia played a significant role in the Civil War and became a major battleground between Union and Confederate troops. They will interpret, make generalizations, and discuss a variety of primary sources: the personal diary of Horatio Nelson Taft, a map of the battle of Fredericksburg, and Civil War photographs.Hi, On Mon, Aug 25, 2008 at 10:18 AM, naveen krishna ch <naveenkrishna.ch at gmail.com> wrote: > > > Hi, > I think most of this (if not all of them) are fixed in current linux-omap git tree. Could you try that out and report if the same error appears on linux-omap HEAD ? Care to keep linux-omap at vger.kernel.org on the loop > > >, -- Best Regards, Felipe Balbi felipebalbi at users.sourceforge.netSOUND OFF BATTLE of the BANDS - Journey Tribute
This Wednesday, October 6th, the first of the 5-show Sound Off Battle of The Bands will be held at The Square Room, 8 PM.
Competing to move on to the finals will be:
JOHNNY ASTRO and THE BIG BAND
Each act will perform two originals and one cover tune by JOURNEY! Audience support will be part of the judging criteria!
For more information, check out THE SQUARE ROOM!
**************************************************************
The Square Room, in partnership with Metro Pulse, WUTK 90.3, TVC/UTTV, Rock Snob Records, Rik's Music, Nouveau Graphics, and AC Entertainment are proud to present THE SOUND OFF.
The Sound Off is a showcase and competition for all local musicians looking to take their musical careers to the next level. Over six months 25 bands/musicians will compete to be the last band/musician standing. The Square Room is taking applications from now until Monday,August 30 at 5pm. All applicants will be narrowed down to the top 25 and these 25 bands/musicians will each be assigned a date to perform. Each first Wednesday of the month, beginning Wednesday, October 6 five bands/musicians will take the stage. They will play 2 original songs and 1 cover song. The cover song will be of an artist chosen by the Square Room to be tributed that night. For example, October's tributed artist may be Bob Dylan. Therefore, each performing band/musician will play 2 original songs and one Bob Dylan cover. Artists will be notified of the tributed artist 2 weeks before their performance at the Square Room. At the end of each night a winner will be chosen by a combination of the celebrity judges' scores and crowd reaction. Over the five months, five finalists will advance. The final 5 bands/musicians will compete on Wednesday, March 2, 2011. The winner will recieve a developmental package including studio time, produced EP, custom merchandise, up to $500 in gear, and an opening gig for an AC Entertainment show.The Alternative Country duo Madison Violet has been announced the winner of the coveted “Maxell Song of the Year” from the 13th annual John Lennon Songwriting Contest for their original composition, “The Ransom.” The duo made up of Brenely MacEachern, who sings the lead vocals on the track, and Lisa MacIsaac, who sings the harmony, will be awarded $20,000 courtesy of Maxell, in addition to other prizes.
Known for their extensive touring routine, Brenely started writing the song in Australia nearing the end of a 2 month long trip when she was longing for home. Lisa later helped her finish the song in Grenada. The pair recorded the song in Pro Tools with an acoustic guitar, a snare kick and hi-hat, an upright bass, an organ and a lapsteel guitar.
Both hailing from Scottish small towns in Canada, Brenely and Lisa have chosen a musical path that channels their parent’s vintage record collection that compromised the likes of Neil Young and Dolly Parton.
A total of over $275,000 in cash and prizes will be distributed this year by the year-round contest open to both amateur and professional songwriters. Visit to listen to Madison Violet’s winning song, download their photo and enter the current contest.
The 2010 John Lennon Songwriting Contest
The 2010 John Lennon Songwriting Contest Session II is now Open.
Session I winners from 2010 will be announced on September, 1st, 2010.
Check back soon at for the results!
Please make sure to carefully read the RULES AND REGULATIONS before entering.
For more info or any questions please contact the JLSC
at info@jlsc.com
or tel: 1.888.884.JLSC (5572)
Sponsored by
really cool…
I have had the pleasure of following Madison Violet for the past 10+ years, have seen them perform and I am so very happy that they are being recognized for such a prestigious award especially for THE RANSOM. If you aren’t familiar with these amazing ladies do yourself a big favor and check them out (-:Set AnAPPOINTMENT
Use our online form to schedule an assessment appointment. Click Here »
Submit your REFERRALS
We will be happy to receive your recommendations. Click Here »
Welcome toHome Health of Kansas
At Home Health of Kansas,:
- 316-869-0015 (Wichita)
- 316-804-4858 (Newton)
We also welcome your comments and suggestions. Please use our online Contact Form to send a message.Jujube Sugar Cane. According to the web page very sweet but very thorny. Raintree states they send 3 to 5 foot trees. The trees I One Green World sent last year were 1 foot trees - pretty lame. They survived and grew, and are now whopping 18 inch to 2 foot trees. Look out Sequoias, your record is about to be broken! So I want to jump start a little and add a taller one. Different variety for novelty sake. It's not clear if they need pollenizers. According to CFRG, jujubes don't require cross pollenation, but according to Raintree they do. CFRG states: "Small to medium fruit which can be round to elongated. Extremely sweet fruit but on a very spiny plant. The fruit is worth the spines!". Maybe the spines will frustrate marauding deer, or at least annoy them. Pic is from Raintree site at link above
Q-1-8 Peach. I researched many websites for a late blooming, peach leaf curl resistant variety. I'm not sure about the late-blooming aspect, but Q-1-8 is described by most as quite leaf curl resistant. Since I have 2 yellow-flesh varieties, this white-flesh variety will be a novelty. It takes a few years to start bearing, and I want to see if I can get enough peaches for a pie, from any variety. Pic is from Raintree site at link above. Kind of a cute name for a peach. Rolls off the tongue.... but if it bears OK, resists peach leaf curl, and tastes good, that's all I need.
PrairieFire Crabapple. To feed honeybees and provide pollen for other apple varieties. DEscribed by Raintree as "A disease resistant, upright crabapple to 20' with reddish bronze leaves, pink flowers, and bright red 1/2' fruit loved by birds.". WSU Extension states "Very resistant to apple scab, cedar-apple rust, fireblight and mildew." Pics are from WSU Extension. This might be the one I saw at Home Depot on sale, but that was similar size and I like the idea of buying from Raintree. Raintree states they sell 4 to 6 foot trees. If it was 6 foot it would be awesome. Many of my spring blooming trees have white flowers, so one with pink or red would be a nice addition.Comfort
Passengers in the back seat will be able to stretch out a lot more in the Volvo XC70 than the Volvo V60, due to its greater head- and legroom. Offering just a little more front head- and legroom than the Volvo XC70, the Volvo V60 may be a little roomier and more comfortable for the driver and front seat passengers.
Convenience
The Volvo V60 will require fewer stops at the gas station than the Volvo XC70, making it more convenient to drive.
Cost
There are a lot of factors to consider when calculating the overall cost of a vehicle. The main consideration is Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price (MSRP). When looking only at MSRP, the Volvo V60 will have less of an impact on your bank account than the Volvo XC70. Another consideration is the Destination Charge, which is a standard charge for transporting the vehicle to the dealer from where it's built. The Volvo V60 and the Volvo XC70 have similar Destination Charges.
Dimensions
The Volvo V60 is about the same width as the Volvo XC70. The Volvo V60 is slightly shorter than the Volvo XC70, which may make it easier to park.
Drivetrain
With its lower torque, the Volvo V60 doesn't do as good a job transmitting power to its wheels as the Volvo XC70.
Handling
The Volvo V60 has about the same turning radius as the Volvo XC70, allowing equal maneuverability in and out of tight spots.
Performance
When it comes to horsepower, the Volvo V60 is significantly less powerful than the Volvo XC70. The good news is that, reportedly, cars with lower horsepower engines often have lower insurance premiums.
Utility
In terms of seating you'll be able to fit the same number of people in both the Volvo V60 and the Volvo XC70. The Volvo V60 has significantly less cargo room than the Volvo XC70, which may be a concern if you do a lot of warehouse shopping.
Warranty
The Volvo V60 Volvo V60.Kristy Swanson & Lloyd Eisler’s Son Turns Four!
Happy birthday Magnus! Actress Kristy Swanson and Olympic skater husband Lloyd Eisler’s son turned 4 on Feb. 16 and the family celebrated Saturday with 45 guests at a birthday bash at Tales in Los Angeles.
“It was blast, a lot of fun,” says Swanson, who treated 15 of her son’s pals to a “Popeye goes to the circus” theme party.
Munching on gluten-free snacks from Dr. Lucy’s Cookies and Kaia Foods, the kids had the run of the new “creative adventure land” and enjoyed playing on Tales’ jumping pillow, the only one in Los Angles.
The children made tattoos, played dress up with hats and wigs, jumped around on the pillow bounce, and crafted clown masks during the two-hour affair.
Magnus took a turn singing karaoke — “He took the microphone and announced, ‘It’s my birthday,'” she says, laughing. Lunch included Oak Fire Pizza and the birthday boy shared circus-themed cupcakes shaped like elephants and lions and baked by Sugar Babies Cupcakery. “It seems like it was elaborate but it wasn’t,” says Swanson, who stars in a Sci Fi movie channel later this summer called Swamp Shark. “Just a lot of fun things going on.”
Attending were Kristy’s buddy, 90210‘s Maeve Quinlan, and little Taylor Groothuis, who played Swanson’s on screen daughter in the movie, What If... “I was her age when I started acting and now I’m the mom and my TV daughters are coming to my kid’s party,” says Swanson, who wore an Eva Varro dress and jewelry by Stella and Dot. “I love it.”
— Lorenzo BenetHow to Apply
Useful Web sites
Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs
Study of the U.S. Institutes for Scholars.
Teachers and scholars who wish to participate in the Study of the United States Institute for Secondary Educators must be interested in enhancing their instruction by furthering their knowledge of the United States’ history, society and culture through their participation in the Institute. In addition, individuals must be fluent in English.
Information on how to apply can be obtained by contacting your local U.S. Embassy. Visit the information page on the Study of the U.S. Branch’s Web site for details.
Please note, UIC does not distribute, accept or process applications. Additionally, UIC does not select candidates for the Institute. All inquires regarding the application process for the Study of the United States Institute for Secondary Educators must be directed to your local U.S. Embassy.Program Offer
Home School Court Report “Third Wave”Do you want to learn more about the most recent threats posed to the homeschooling movement, and what you can do about them? Access an expanded version of Mike Farris’s speech, “The Third Wave of Homeschool Persecution” and to learn how you can join the fight to pass the Parental Rights Amendment.
Quick Contact
Call: 866.338.8614
ADVERTISEMENTEach of the times the Skaneateles boys basketball team met up with defending Section III Class B champion Hannibal, it has given the Warriors lots of problems.
Following a Dec. 23 contest that went to overtime, the Lakers (11-6) took another shot at Hannibal at home Wednesday night, and it stayed close until the late stages, when the Warriors got away and beat Skaneateles 52-41 to take first place in the OHSL Liberty division.
Showing how much of a pain it could be, the Lakers seized a 13-11 first-quarter advantage, only to see its offense slump in the second quarter as it managed just six points against Hannibal's tight, effective defense.
Through an evenly played third quarter, Skaneateles remained close, only trailing 40-34 before the Warriors got away in the late stages.
Tom Schoener led Skaneateles with 11 points, most of it from a trio of 3-pointers. Nick Pesarchick added 10 points, while Kelly Donigan and Kyle McQuiggan each had six points. Hannibal had forward Brenden Nollet put up 15 points, balanced out by guards Jeff LaMont and Tyler Baker each having 11 points.
The Lakers' activity last week commenced with a trip to Homer, where the Lakers clinched a winning record by running over the Trojans 64-30.
Skaneateles held Homer to less than 10 points in every single period, methodically building its margin with work that included a 19-6 romp through the second quarter.
Pesarchick produced 15 points, leading the way as he, along with Kevin Rice (11 points) and Paul O'Donnell (10 points), combined to outscore the Trojans by themselves. Donigan, McQuiggan and Brandon Barron each had six points.
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.
Or login with:
OpenIDVertically Challenged: The Progression of Vertical Datums
Vertical datums are used as a reference against which to base height measurements in order to know that all measurements start from the same “zero” and can therefore be compared. NOAA’s National Geodetic Survey has been in the business of establishing national vertical datums throughout the history of the organization.
- Introduction
- An Expanding Network
- The First Vertical Datums
- Vertical Datum of 1988
- Incorporating Modern Technology
- Conclusion
- Works Consulted
It’s hurricane season and there is a storm surge of 20 feet heading for your house. You know the elevation of your house is 35 feet, but does that mean that your house will be 15 feet above the water? Not necessarily. To be certain, you need to know what reference—or vertical datum—the elevation of your house and the height of the storm surge are based on.
Photo of storm surge flooding at Horseshoe Beach, Florida, associated with Tropical Storm Alberto on the afternoon of June 13, 2006.
Vertical datums are used by surveyors, engineers, map-makers, planners, and others as a reference against which to base height measurements in order to know that all measurements start from the same “zero” and can therefore be compared. The vertical datum used to determine elevations has been revised several times throughout the history of the National Geodetic Survey (NGS), as knowledge of our Earth and science expanded. However, the basic approach to determining elevation has remained almost unchanged throughout that history.
An Expanding Geodetic Leveling Network
Tide gauges are used to record water levels over long time periods. From collected data, NOAA determines Mean Sea Level (MSL), Mean High Water (MHW), and Mean Lower Low Water (MLLW). From these data and leveling, elevations can be derived for benchmarks. This graphic shows examples of different levels at a tide station measured relative to MLLW.
Datums are reference, or “starting,” points for vertical surveys. More specifically, a vertical datum is a reference against which elevations and depths are measured. One type of datum is based on tides and another, called a geodetic datum, is determined by measuring and monitoring the size and shape of the Earth and the location of points on its surface. Vertical geodetic datums are determined by geodetic leveling and are often tied to tide gauges.
The first geodetic leveling project in the United States was surveyed by the Coast and Geodetic Survey (C&GS) from 1856 to 1857. The project was headed by G. B. Vose who conducted the leveling to connect tide gauges along the Hudson River, from New York City to Albany. Vose set benchmark GRISTMILL during this project which, in 1875, was used by the U.S. Lake Survey to determine the elevations of the Great Lakes.
Spirit levels were an early tool of leveling that are still used today.
To expand the geodetic leveling network, C&GS received approval from Congress for a national geodetic project. During the analysis of the project, it became apparent that high-accuracy leveling would be necessary. The first official request for the funding of a leveling project came in 1876. The first benchmark established as part of this project was Bench Mark “A” set in Hagerstown, Maryland, in 1887.
Using the Hagerstown benchmark as a starting point, benchmarks were set westward to assist in leveling the wild terrain. This enormous leveling undertaking supplemented the transcontinental arc of triangulation that followed the 39th parallel from Delaware across the country to California from 1877 to 1900. The data that surveyors gathered were extremely accurate given the tools they had and the conditions they endured.
The First Vertical Datums
As more and more data became available, elevation data sets were combined and adjusted. These adjustments were necessary to ensure that the whole country’s leveling was based on the same system.
Adjustments were made by C&GS in 1900, 1903, 1907, and 1912. To complete the first general adjustment in 1900, data from the C&GS, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the U.S. Geological Survey, the Massachusetts Topographic Survey, and the Pennsylvania Railroad were all combined. Local mean sea level at five tide gauges was held fixed. Once all of the data were based on the same datum, the organizations could reference each other’s data.
As more and more level lines were run, readjustments were completed. Each adjustment was better than the previous one due to the inclusion of more data and more loops of level runs (for error checks) and better weighting of the data based on information gained in previous adjustments. In 1903, local mean sea level was held fixed at eight tide gauges, then at eight gauges again in 1907, and at nine gauges in 1912.
Benchmarks, such as this geodetic benchmark, are permanent markers with a precisely known vertical elevation determined by a surveyor. Tidal benchmarks, slightly different in design, are positioned near tide gauges so they can act as a permanent record of the water level datums of that tide gauge.
The 1900 adjustment fixed the elevation of 4,200 bench marks and contained about 21,000 kilometers of leveling. The 1907 readjustment was undertaken because the first transcontinental leveling had been completed and the tide gauge in Seattle, Washington, was included. The 1912 adjustment contained about 11,100 bench marks and over 46,000 kilometers of leveling.
The Sea Level Datum of 1929
The Sea Level Datum of 1929 (SLD 29) added more U.S. data and also Canadian data. SLD 29 held local mean sea level (MSL) fixed at 26 tide gauges, including five in Canada, as opposed to the previous adjustments which were based on five, eight, or nine gauges.
These tide gauges used water-level data recorded over a period of about 19 years to determine local values for MSL, mean high water (MHW), and mean lower low water (MLLW) at each station. This local MSL is the mathematical mean of hourly heights observed over the 19-year time span. Because there are two different low tide levels, the MLLW represents the mathematical mean of the lower low tide over the same 19-year time span. The important thing to remember about tidal levels is that they are only valid for a local area.
C&GS personnel realized that holding local mean sea level fixed at 26 locations would result in discrepancies since it was well known that mean sea level differed from location to location. However, the decision to hold the 26 gauges fixed was made using the assumption that the variations were probably about the same magnitude as observational errors, and that the fixed sea level would help avoid confusion amongst users if benchmarks near the coast did not agree with local mean sea level.
The general adjustment of 1929 established SLD 29 as the entire country’s vertical control datum, which meant that all elevations would be determined as heights above SLD 29. The datum was later renamed the National Geodetic Vertical Datum of 1929 (NGVD 29) to account for the geodetic aspect of the datum. Renaming the datum, however, did not correct the problem of differing local mean sea level values. Despite known deficiencies and distortions, NGVD 29 was the official U.S. datum for vertical surveying until the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 was released in 1991. In fact, some data sets today are still based on NGVD 29.
The North American Vertical Datum of 1988
Tide station U.S. vertical readings are based on Father Point, in Rimouski, Quebec. The purple teardrop in the image represents the location of the benchmark.
North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD 88) is a newer and more accurate model, referenced to a single tide station, Father Point, in the town of Rimouski, Quebec, in Canada. Because NAVD 88 is referenced to one single point, contains more data (625,000 kilometers of additional leveling), and was calculated using rigorous mathematical models, it contains fewer distortions than earlier vertical datums Fewer distortions result in more accurate elevations. A readjustment was also necessary because many of the benchmarks used for NGVD 29 had changed in elevation due to crustal motion caused by earthquakes, post-glacial rebound (uplift), and oil and water extraction (subsidence).
Currently, NAVD 88 is the official vertical datum for the United States, against which federal agencies measure elevations.
The International Great Lakes Datum of 1985 (IGLD 85) is the vertical reference for the Great Lakes, and is also based on Father Point. However, slight differences in the definitions of their heights make IGLD 85 and NAVD 88 close but not equal.
Today, elevations derived from leveling can be uniform, regardless of whether you are near the Atlantic, Pacific, or Gulf coast and very close for the Great Lakes coast.
Incorporating Modern Technology
A geoid is mathematically defined surface which (approximately) coincides with the mean ocean surface. It is often referred to as a close representation or physical model of the figure of the Earth. Click image for larger view.
The face of our Earth is covered with valleys, mountains, and cliffs, so it is far from the smooth, regular surface often represented by globes. Specific elevations have been determined for many benchmarks across the Earth’s uneven surface. However, surveying computations cannot be made on such an irregular surface because it would be mathematically impossible. The elevations of these benchmarks are actually referenced to the geoid. The geoid is a model, developed by scientists to represent an equal-gravity surface that approximates mean sea level.
For most purposes, the geometrical figure which most accurately matches the surface for the Earth is an ellipsoid. An ellipsoid is an ellipse which has been rotated around its shorter axis to form a solid figure. Mathematical computations can be carried out on the ellipsoid, referencing one point to another, because the ellipse is a smooth, definable surface, meaning that it can be represented by an equation. The Global Positioning System (GPS) uses the ellipsoid as its reference and produces heights above the ellipsoid. However, the elevations normally used by surveyors and engineers and shown on maps are called orthometric heights and are heights above the geiod. Orthometric heights are used on maps and by most people on a daily basis because they show the actual dips, bumps, and gullies of the Earth, and accurately show which way water will flow. Therefore, GPS height values must be converted from heights above the ellipsoid to heights above the geoid.
NGS has developed mathematical models to make the conversion from GPS values (referenced from the ellipsoid) to orthometric heights (referenced to the geoid). GEOID03 is the NGS model currently used to allow changes from ellipsoidal heights to orthometric heights and which facilitates the use of GPS to determine accurate elevations.
VDatum
Coastal elevations can come from a variety of sources and may be based on a variety of datums. To combine or compare coastal heights and depths from different sources, these elevations need to be referenced to the same vertical datum. “VDatum” is a transformation tool developed by NOAA to transform coastal elevations between 28 different vertical datums, including tidal, orthometric, and ellipsoidal datums.
This illustration shows an example of how much storm surge can affect sea level and how Vdatum technology could help avoid associated surge damages. Click image for larger view.
With VDatum, orthometric heights on land and sea-floor depths based on MLLW can be based on the same datum, making maps more accurate and simpler to use. VDatum can allow scientists to better define flood plains and better model the impact of a hurricane or heavy downpour, which have the potential to raise water to destructive levels. With land and sea-depth data referenced to the same datum, researchers can better predict the size and effect of storm surges, and therefore how large of an area needs to be evacuated during a natural disaster for the safety of the population.
VDatum is only available for a few place in the United States. Currently, parts of New York, New Jersey, Delaware, North Carolina, Louisiana, Florida, California, and Washington are the only places along the coast that have the computer modeling necessary to support VDatum.
Conclusion
So, the question remains: Will your house flood if it is at an elevation of 35 feet and a storm surge of 20 feet is predicted for your area? You know that the house elevation is above mean sea level. How does the storm surge height relate to mean sea level? Storm surges are given as an amount above the normal water level. If the tide level at the predicted time of the surge is high tide, say 10 feet above MLLW, then it is about 5 feet above MSL. We then add the 20-foot surge to the 5-foot height of the high tide and arrive at a water height of 25 feet above MSL, or 10 feet less than the elevation of the house. Your living room will stay dry…provided that the elevations you’ve been given are accurate!
The vertical geodetic network has improved immensely since its rudimentary beginnings. Vertical datums have improved over time with the help of NGS and ever-improving technology and elevation information. The development of GPS came with a new set of problems to be solved if GPS was to reach its true potential. NGS pioneered the models and routines for converting the ellipsoidal heights that GPS produces to the orthometric heights used by the everyday person. Their system has made GPS as useful and successful as it is today. VDatum software can synchronize coastal elevations to provide a safer future in terms of natural disasters.
Knowing about vertical datums can save your house as well as towns, bridges, and roads. NGS will continue to develop practical uses for surveying technology for the next 200 years, just as it has for that last 200.
Contributed by Aria Remondi, NOAA’s National Ocean Service
Works Consulted
American Society of Civil Engineers, American Congress on Surveying and Mapping, and American Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing, comps. (1994). Glossary of the Mapping Sciences.
Berry, R. M. (1976). History of Geodetic Leveling in the United States. NGS. 137-151.
Dracup, J. F. Geodetic Surveys in the United Sates: The Beginning and the Next One Hundred Years [electronic version]. NGS.
Mendenhall, W. C. (1899). The United States Coast and Geodetic Survey Report 1899. 239.
National Geodetic Survey. (2006). National Geodetic Survey Web site. Retrieved August 30, 2006 from
NOAA. (1986). Geodetic Glossary.
Zilkoski, D.B. (2007). Digital Elevation Model Technologies and Applications: The DEM Users Manual, 2nd Edition. In D. F. Maune (Ed.), Vertical Datums (Chapter 2).
Zilkoski, D. B., Richards H. J., & Young M. G. (1992). Results of the General Adjustment of the North American Vertical Datum of 1988. NGS. 1-2.Just like Thunder's low TO count was anomaly in Game 1, 41/42 FT stats was anomaly yesterday. It won't happen again. We need to keep banging from inside. Sessions knows what he has to do, so I see him doing just that again. The key for this game seems to be rebounding, IMO. If we rebound well, we'll win. We can't give up 10+ offensive rebounds. Especially to their guards, Westbrook and Harden.
To me, the reason Thunder is still in this is because of 2 major plan.
1. Durant - Perkins : Screen and roll. Most of Durant's points came from that tactic. We need to do a better job defending that and settle Durant for long jumpers.
2. Harden : I can't believe there isn't an help defender when it's needed. Bigs need to do a better job getting his way and forcing him to shoot above them. He always takes the contact, whether he forces or not refs always whistle the call.
If we solve these two problems, which IMO are easy to solve with our group, we'll win this series 4-2.
Edited by Ivanfield, May 19, 2012 - 04:25 AM.Based on 199 guest reviews
The Sleep Inn is located 15 miles from the new (ECP) NWFL Beaches International Airport, and 65 miles from the Walton County Airport (VPN)
Local Shuttle Info: We offer a discounted airport shuttle at a cost of 35.00 each way... reg. rates is normally up to 50.00 each way!Contact Wes @ 731.610.1388 for reservations.Airport Shuttle? Yes! There is an airport shuttle.
The Sleep Inns highlights above are subject to change without notice.
The chart above shows fluctuations of prices for both group/meeting rates and the best individual traveler prices our rate checker could find at the time the group/meeting offer was placed. The most competitive group/meeting rate displayed is 59.0% in the month of February 2016 and the highest average individual rate is $199.Celtics (32-17) at Hornets (27-25) 2/10 Feb 8, 2010 17:27:48 GMT -5 Quote Select PostDeselect PostLink to PostMemberGive GiftBack to Top Post by FLCeltsFan on Feb 8, 2010 17:27:48 GMT -5 at Boston Celtics (32-17) at New Orleans Hornets (27-25) Wednesday, February 108:00 PM ET Game #50, Road Game # 26 TV: NBA-TV, CST, CSN NE, RTVNew Orleans Arena Located in the Big Easy, the New Orleans Hornets returned to the New Orleans Arena permanently this season for the first time since the 2004-05 season. In the mid 1990s, the city decided to build a new arena adjacent to the New Orleans Superdome. Constructed at a cost of $84 million, the octagonal shaped building was completed in 1999. The first game played at the New Orleans Arena was a hockey game on October 29, 1999. NBA basketball returned to the city permanently when the Hornets moved to New Orleans and played their first game at the New Orleans Arena October 30, 2002. Although the building was less than five years old, the city spent $10 million upgrading the New Orleans Arena for the Hornets. Locker rooms were upgrade, additional luxury suites were added, and a courtside restaurant and team store were built. Because of the devastating events of Hurricane Katrina in August 2005, the Hornets moved their basketball operations to Oklahoma City and the Ford Center where they played the majority of their games for the next two seasons. Several games were held in New Orleans during the 2005-06 and 2006-07 seasons to show the team’s commitment to playing in the city. The New Orleans Arena suffered little structural damage after the hurricane because of its arched reinforced steel and concrete roof. The Hornets returned to New Orleans permanently for the 2007-08 season and the city hosted the 2008 NBA All-Star Game. ProbableStarters PG SG SF PF C Rajon Rondo/ Ray Allen/ Paul Pierce/ Kevin Garnett/ Kendrick Perkins ReservesRasheed WallaceMarquis DanielsEddie HouseShelden WilliamsTony AllenBrian ScalabrineGlen DavisBill Walker InjuriesJR Giddens (knee) out PGSG SF PF C Darren Collison/ Mo Peterson/ Peja Stojakovic/ David West/ Emeka OkaforReserves Julian Wright Hilton Armstrong James PoseyDarius Songalia Jason Hart Aaron Gray Sean Marks Injuries Ike Diogu (knee) out Chris Paul (knee) out Marcus Thornton (back) questionable Team Connections Hilton Armstrong, Emeka Okafor and Ray Allen are all former UConn HuskiesJulian Wright and Paul Pierce are former Kansas JayhawksHornets Assistant Coach Paul Pressey was an assistant coach with the Celtics from 2004-06Brian Scalabrine was coached by Byron Scott in New Jersey from 2001-05Peja Stojakovic and Eddie House were teammates in Sacramento during the 2004-05 seasonJames Posey played for the Celtics during the 2007-08 seasonIke Diogu and Eddie House are former Arizona State Sun Devilske Diogu and Marquis Daniels were teammates in Indiana from 2006-08 vs Kevin Garnett vs David West West is often the focal point of the Hornets offense without Chris Paul in the lineup and KG's defense will be needed in this game to try to keep him from going off on the Celtics. vs Paul Pierce (or Tony Allen) vs Peja Stojakovic Paul Pierce is questionable for this game, but I expect him to play because if he sits out, then Doc will probably recommend that he sit out the All Star game and 3 point contest. If by some miracle Doc gets Pierce to sit, Tony Allen will be guarding Stojakovic, who is deadly from beyond the arc. Whoever guards him must stay on him to prevent a 3 point barrage. Honorable Mention vs Marquis Daniels vs James Posey Past 6th man vs current 6th man. In his first game back from the thumb injury, Marquis looked great and the bench very much needs his leadership and energy. Game Notes• The Celtics are currently leading the season series 1-0; Celtics swept the season series 2-0 against New Orleans in 2008-09• Paul Pierce led the Celtics with 29.0 points per game last season• David West led the Hornets with 19.0 points per game against the Celtics last season• The Celtics are 8-3 against the Hornets since the 2004-05 season• The Celtics are leading the all-time series 41-31 with the Celtics 20-16 at homeT. This game is a good place to start a new win streak. Keys to the GameDefense The Celtics problems stem from their departure from playing tough team defense. They have been allowing too many easy baskets. When they lose defensive focus, they seem to unravel. They must get back to focusing on being the best defensive team in the league. Play 48 Minutes The Celtics seem to play well for 3 quarters but they have one quarter in which they can do absolutely nothing. They must keep their focus for all 4 quarters. Run the Offense The Celtics have to keep their focus on running the offense, making the extra pass and finding the open man. Individuals won't win games. Team will.EARTH MATTERS: ANIMAL COMMUNICATION
Featuring a remarkable encounter with a Pacific harbor seal
The ability of animals and humans to communicate has evolved over eons as an adaptation to facilitate species’ survival. Although humans have mastered a complex auditory language to artfully communicate with each other, we still lack the ability to communicate fluidly with other animals, even though animals have been observed using a multitude of communication methods to attract mates, warn off predators, and express empathy, curiosity, and happiness.
Commonly acknowledged methods of animal communication involve visual, auditory, tactile, and chemical actions and traits. Two methods of visual communication include “badges” or “displays.” Badges represent the color and shape of the animal, whereas displays are behavioral adaptations such as the characteristics of an animal’s mannerisms. In contrast, auditory communication involves the use of a myriad of sounds such as the warning bark of an elephant seal or the happy purr of a cat. Tactile communication differs from visual and auditory by incorporating the use of physical contact such as touch to convey a message. Most people are familiar with a cat or dog extending its paws to get your attention. Lastly, chemical communication involves the transfer of a gaseous or liquid substance into the air or onto a surface as a means for an animal to explain itself. It is hard for anyone with a sense of smell to deny the defensive message behind the pungent odor of a skunk’s spray.
Thankfully, I have had many direct experiences with animals attempting communication with me. One enlightening morning occurred at a classic surf break four miles north of Santa Cruz in California. The soft rays of the rising sun bathed the sandstone shoreline cliffs in a brilliant red amber glow. I had just breathed a sigh of contentment after surfing perfect sets of head-high glassy waves when I noticed movement in my peripheral vision. Turning my head, my eyes rapidly dilated to large black discs as a four-foot plus, very light grey colored, Pacific harbor seal silently drifted on its back towards my side. Calming myself, I felt the seal slide headfirst onto my lap. Humbled by this incredible opportunity, I focused on being present and in the moment as I reached out with my hand and stroked the smooth fur on the seal’s chest. In the following moments, a blanket of tranquility descended upon us as we “shared breath”. The act of “sharing breath” signifies an exchange of life energy and touches upon the deeper meaning of “Aloha” in Hawaii.
Trusting my head and heart, I grasped the outstretched sharp-clawed flipper of my new friend. To my utter surprise, the seal responded in kind by delicately squeezing my hand three times in a row with a deliberate measured pause between each squeeze. After several more minutes my friend slid gently off my lap and stared at me with large compassion-filled eyes before slipping below the ocean’s surface. Had the seal consciously attempted to use the opportunity of our touch as a tactile method of communication? What was the seal trying to say?
Most modern-era philosophers and scientists have accepted the assertion of Charles Darwin and Alfred Russell Wallace in 1858 that most species’ traits, including language, blend from simple to complex. Thus, difference between human and animal species is smaller than some would like to believe. In opposition, a minority counters that human language bears very little resemblance to animal communication. They profess that animal language lacks creativity, rules, and meaning. Thus, they believe that animals cannot conduct a meaningful conservation with humans.
Regardless of the picayune reasons we use to justify elevating the human language above all other forms of animal communication, it does appear that we can communicate with some animals to some extent. Proponents of meaningful human and animal communication point to the way great apes have learned to communicate with humans. Experiments spanning decades conducted by Dr. Jane Goodall have revealed that Chimpanzees learned “languages” based on human hand gestures and symbols. Similarly, scientific research conducted with parrots has shown their ability to learn the meaning of words and creatively use them to demonstrate feats of learning and their desires. An alternate to using human constructed linguistics and symbols involves using “playback experiments” to demonstrate humans’ ability to convey meaning with any species. “Playback experiments” involve recording animal sounds and playing them back to elicit the same behavior as produced by the original call. In some instances, researchers have modified the original recordings and been able to elicit a modified response.
If we were able to communicate with animals using their “languages” it would radically alter our society and the way we interact with nature. Humans and animals could collaborate to create symbiotic relationships. It would be pretty hard to continue justify passing legislation that causes degradation of the environment if the mocking birds were able to sing a tune we all could understand.
Billy Mason
- Earth Matters: Where Climate Change and Geopolitics Collide - June 13, 2014
- Earth Matters: Industrial Age Must End - May 2, 2014
- Earth Matters: Mermaids’ Tears - April 25, 2014
March 3rd, 2011 at 8:54 am
Poorly trained pilots are usually the ones that show for a 1.0 BFR, with nothing wrong, they fly perfectly, just ask them. Poor training can stem from a poor instructor, which I’ve seen at all price levels and instructor experience levels, fortunately less frequency as the instructor’s experienced increased. Most likely, though, the poor training comes from a poor attitude, and a deeply embedded desire to do the minimum possible. However, even highly trained pilots can have their hand flying skills deteriorate if they don’t hand fly. Review the FAA’s accident and incident rate for those pilots that have not flown in 30, 60, or 90 or more days, the 90+ rate increases exponentially, which might be an area for the FAA to further focus. Are these 90+ guys a year out of date, six months, or was the Investigating Inspector too busy to inquire further?
While private pilots were at more risk to show in the 90+ column, I have reviewed both commercial and ATP levels in the incident reports. With the attacks against owning corporate aircraft a few years ago, there are tons of professional pilots out of work. As they lose currency from not working, does their risk level increase as rapidly as a private pilots? On the more experienced professional pilot level, I was honored to observe a sixteen year airline captain perform a near-perfect IPC after having he had been furloughed and not flown for over three years. I had to work hard to find anything that needed improvement.
Thoughts, anyone?
March 3rd, 2011 at 9:47 pm
Hi Bruce — as you know i am a VFR pilot only with over 1,000 hrs — by the way this does not make me a bad pilot — but both of my planes have auto pilot to GPS and i always hand fly to altitude and hand fly to approach — for me it is just much more fun — at cruise it is usually auto-pilot all the way — have fun guys!
March 19th, 2011 at 12:14 am
Bruce, your sarcasm is out of place. There’s obviously a disagreement over the safest way to use automation or there wouldn’t be different teachings on the matter. Resolving that disagreement has to start with research to quantify the actual safety impact. If that confirms what you already suspected you should welcome it, not ridicule it.
Moreover, it was just a few months ago that Tom Haines wrote that we should stop being so mean to our fellow aviators. Or did you interpret him to mean that others should be less mean to you, not that you should be any less mean to others?Members of Rutgers-Camden’s own Sigma Delta Tau sisterhood lent a helping hand in the battle against nationwide child abuse by honoring the Chicago based PCAA (an acronym for Prevent Child Abuse in America) on Thursday during the free period. Heavily based on raising awareness for both students and faculty alike, the event also served as part of the sorority’s annual Rush Week to entice new members.
About two dozen students (a combination of current members and potential candidates) filled the South Conference Room in the Campus Center with a serious goal in mind: To educate members of the RutgersCamden academic community about the hefty toll child abuse takes on our society, and how students can collaborate in the fight. Members of the sorority, who are no strangers to public advocacy work, offered a light-hearted atmosphere to the meeting by dividing the room into two teams for a game of “PCAA Jeopardy”, which shed light on what the program provides for the nation. Team names included “You can’t beat us” based on the left side of the room and “The Incredibles” on the right. The game was broken down into three categories: Symbols and Abbreviations, PCAA trivia and how the conjunction between PCAA and SDT functions. Questions were structured in a fashion inspired by the show which has been broadcasted since 1964, with each categorical question answered correctly earning a team anywhere from $100-$500 per correct response.
“PCAA is our philanthropy, and we are trying to show potential new members what we do to help it. We want them to learn how much the organization means to SDT, since we are based on community service as well as academics. We try to do as much for the community service programs as possible by doing things like volunteering at homeless shelters and doing park cleanups,” explained Rachel Chadwick, President of SDT.
In recognition of the cause, SDT and the PCAA have donated pinwheels. The pinwheels, according to Dawn Recuerdo, the Sisterhood’s Philanthropy Chair, “represent the childhood every child deserves. They produce a reflective light any child should have which symbolizes a bright future in the sun.” All in all, over 1.3 million pinwheels have been reported donated since April 2008. Additionally, explained Recuerdo, a pinwheel garden was erected this previous Sunday in front of the school’s Campus Center.
The sorority also annually donates $100,000 to the organization founded in 1972 and whose core values include “valuing children, strengthening families and engaging communities.” The group’s primary mission is, according to its website (preventchildabuse.org), “to prevent the abuse and neglect of our nation’s children”it seeks the de-escalation of all forms of abuse, whether it is physical, psychological or sexual. The site also maintains that almost $104 billion can be saved through efficient transmission of information in regards to child abuse, to all ages, ethnicities and personal backgrounds.
“This is one step closer to us preventing child abuse and to help us raise money/ awareness since abuse is still a huge issue in the United States,” said Michelle Cavanaugh who serves as SDT’s Parliamentarian-Risk Management Chair.
Other group members shared a mutual optimism about the event.
“PCAA is a great organization that does a lot for kids and their families,” said the groups’ Amanda O’Keefe, who oversees Public Relations as part of the Panhellenic Council at Rutgers. “It helps them achieve the most they can despite troubling circumstances.”
Potential “Rushes” of Sigma Delta Tau also were quick to add their own words of encouragement, such as Justina Garretson a 20-year-old Sophomore, and Nicole Amoratis, 19 and also a Sophomore at the school.
“I think this is a great experience and so far it’s been a lot of fun. I’m also getting to meet a lot of new girls this way,” said Garretson.
“This is an important and serious organization that deals with problems still go-
ing on today,” added Amoratis. “It’s great knowing that you can help the little kids”. Even Jenna Cantarella, who serves as Vice-President of Recruitment spoke of the PCAA with the utmost admiration, and her enthusiastic words might have summed up the sorority’s relationship with the group on another level, indicating just how important the collaboration is to all.
“I love being involved with PCAA. What we give back to the community is a huge part of who we are. We have extended now beyond just working with the organization nationally and have gone on to work here in Camden at the Ronald McDonald House, where we have cooked dinner and last year raised money”, she said.Distance from El Aaiún to Nairobi
Distance is 6208 kilometers or 3858 miles or 3352 nautical milesThe distance is the theoretical air distance (great circle distance). Flying between the two locations' airports can be a different distance, depending on airport location and actual route chosen.
Map - Shortest path between El Aaiún and Nairobi
- Location for El Aaiún
- Location for Nairobi
Heading from El Aaiún
See other cities near El Aaiún
Calculate distance from El AaiúnA/N: this will include all the Deadwood characters over time.
This is based on the fire of September 1879, which burned down most of the town and is as historically accurate as possible, with a liberty or two taken along the way
All characters and concepts other than historical ones belong to David Milch and HBO
No money getting made here
According to Milch, Season 4 would have included the fire. I have no idea where he would have taken that, but this is my imagining of how it would have gone.
This will be only my stories, but on LJ, I am collaborating with two fine writers who also mourn Deadwood's untimely passing, and there they have added their own chapters featuring the characters I seem to have given short shrift here.
Fire!
Deadwood: The Day After
Dawn was coming over Deadwood, sun struggling to shine through clouds of smoke down in the gulch. Through the light smoky haze, the smell of campfire coffee made its way through to the milling crowd. General Sturgis had ordered barrels of clean water, coffee, pots and cups be off-loaded first, having weathered his share of disasters from men and nature. He knew the solace and energy a decent cup of joe could bring.
Smoke-stained hands reached for blankets being handed out by the troops from Ft. Meade. A semblance of an order emerged among the town refugees. Previously sorted by occupation, status, or wealth, now groups were formed from the injured, the sick, and the ones with the least on their backs. Men kissed wives and hugged children as they helped them step up into the wagons before the men headed back to town.
The better-dressed whores milled about in some confusion, trying to guess what course would be less likely to get them in dutch with Cy Tolliver. Finally, Joanie Stubbs approached an older, bewhiskered soldier holding wagon reins and quietly told him of the whores' "damned if you do, damned if you don't" dilemma.
Sergeant White nodded gravely, intelligent brown eyes assessing the group. He had known a number of camp followers and whores, past and present, and understood the fear most had of running afoul of their bosses. He began pointing at various women in ripped petticoats and fancy colored satin corsets, making eye contact before ordering them into his wagon. The decision taken out of their hands, the Bella Union girls looked relieved as they were handed blankets and helped up into the wagon bed.
Sergeant White noticed that none of them seemed to be looking through the throngs of men for their pimp. He thought there was probably a story there, as he turned his wagon around to head back to Ft. Meade. He hoped the tents would be up and in place by the time they arrived. No good could come of half-dressed fancy women milling around the parade grounds while officers' wives and daughters began waking to the day.
.
The men of the Gem followed Al Swearengen down the slope to the streets still hot with embers and slow-burning wood. Tom Nuttall, Harry Manning, and other Number 10 men were already well into town, hooking up the one remaining fire hose to the town water supply. Too late to save anything, they could at least start cooling down the remnants to hasten the work of the day.
As he walked by, Al could see that the Bullock house, Alma's house, and the schoolhouse appeared to be untouched, other than stains from the smoke blown from the blaze. He had seen her and Sofia as he left after speaking to the officer commanding the troops. She had gathered with Trixie and Martha Bullock, and the two or three camp children who had been clutching their teacher's skirts. His girls were gathered close to Trixie, shoulders covered with borrowed blankets. One of his huskier girls stood near Alma, holding Sofia and while Alma handed out coffee brewed by Martha over a small rock-ringed fire.
He motioned the men to stop at a tent that had escaped the flames, rummaged around, and took out a thin tattered blanket. He figured he could settle with the owner later, as he and the others cut it into long strips to wrap around their hands. He added "work gloves" to his mental list of things to obtain as soon as possible.
He saw a familiar figure…two familiar figures, pulling at charred wood with cloth-wrapped hands. It took him a second to recognize they were at what was left of Star & Bullock Hardware. Through the destruction, he could make out the square lines of the store safe, and what was left of ax heads, saws, and a few objects too twisted by heat to recognize.
Al, Dan, Johnny, and Silas stood with Davy and the rest, looking at the ashes left of the Gem. Some of the town water had been sprayed over the wreckage, steam and smoke curling up in the morning light.
"Damn." This, almost reverently from Dan.
"Okay, boys, this ain't my first fire. First, we look for the safe."
Al and the men carefully stepped over cinders and rubble until they could make out where the safe would have fallen when the structure collapsed. A steady stream of weary men trickled past as they worked, a few pulling themselves out of the crowd here and there to start working on a particular mound of smoldering wreckage.
Close to the thoroughfare, charred wood and twisted iron all around, Al spotted his heavy iron safe. He and the others slowly cleared a way, mindful of stepping on hot embers as they went. Eyes watered as the rising smoke stung and made them hack and cough, spitting black phlegm. Johnny diverted for a second to peer into the cellar, now revealed by the burned-out floor. Heavy timbers set in the cellar's earthen ceiling were covered with lighter scorched wood from the main structure, but had held.
"Boys!"
Al and Dan pulled the last pieces of the Gem off the heavy Diebold safe. Al waved the rest over to form a screen for his opening the safe. Davy seemed doubtful. He leaned towards Johnny.
"Johnny, you think there's anything left in there besides some melted-together gold?"
Al heard the question and answered as Johnny fumbled for a reply.
"Davy, the…items you mention will be as fully formed as they were when they put in. In fact, I anticipate currency and documents to be intact as well. They sure as fuck ought to be, seein' as how I paid close to a thousand dollars for this cocksucker."
"That's one of the new Diebolds, ain't it? I seen a couple of those up in Yankton, in the courthouse and the tax office."
Al was cleaning soot off the combination dial. "Good eye, Adams. These just came out a few years ago. Has some kind of fireproof shit betwixt and between all this metal in layers like a fancy tea party sandwich." Dial clean, he looked up.
"Uh, gentlemen? Little privacy, please?"
The men turned their backs to Al as he spun the combination lock.
"Now that's what I call a fuckin' safe!"
They looked at their boss, on one knee in front of the huge safe. Door half open, they could see stacks of currency, bags of gold, and a smaller box of papers. Al rummaged through the papers, occasionally glancing up to check who might be near.
Johnny and Davy were visibly impressed.
"Damn, Al, every stack of—"
"Shut up, Johnny."
"I'm just sayin, that's one hell of a safe, all right."
Dan leaned over, blocking the safe's contents with his broad back. "You takin' out some cash for supplies?"
Al kept rummaging through the papers, stopping at a fancy set with an embossed seal and an elegant engraved letterhead: LIVERPOOL & LONDON & GLOBE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
"Yeah, plus something better than cash." He smiled and put the folded set of papers in his inside coat pocket.
He patted his pocket as the men looked puzzled.
"My fire insurance."
He spun the lock closed.
"Johnny, you stand watch here. Dan, take this and start gettin' some local lumber coming our way. Davy, recruit anybody you can find to start clearing away the debris. Tell 'em Al Swearengen will pay top dollar for steady work on my joint."
He handed Dan a small sack of gold, enough to get the first wagons of lumber they'd need. They could barely hear the faint grinding noise of portable sawmills up on the ridge over the cracks and crashes of burned debris being pulled away.
"And a couple of tents, Dan. Find me a large enough tent to get some business going." He grinned and lightly punched Dan in the arm. "Just like the old days, hmm?"
"Boss, they said ain't gonna be no liquor sales allowed for a while. You agreed to the outlawin' of it yourself."
Al raised an eyebrow. "Don't recall anybody outlawing pussy."
Dan grinned, face streaked with soot and ashes. "No, I guess they didn't. I'll find us some tents and start roundin' up the girls."
"Adams, you come with me. We got reconnoitering to do and a telegraph to find."
A/N: Liquor sales were suspended for a week to discourage looting and gun play. Rebuilding started the day after the fire. The morning after the fire, military telegraph operators worked non-stop placing orders for building materials and supplies. Diebold safes had come out a few years before 1879 with safes that were able to withstand fires of this magnitude with no damage to paper contents.Does ensure make you gain weight
Ensure has several products, but Ensure Plus is the one that helps you to gain weight. Thanks for using ChaCha! [ Source: ]
More Answers to "Does ensure make you gain weight"
- Does Ensure make you gain weight?
-
- ...
- Would ensure make me gain weight?
-
- it is used by hospitals and nursing homes for nutrition and weight gain. 100 lbs for 5' 1" is perfect - no need to gain weight.
- How much Ensure Plus do you need to drink in order to gain weight...?
-
- If you drink one in the morning it will usually increase your appetite...thus you gain wait
Related Questions Answered on Y!Answers
- Why does Ensure make you gain weight and does that mean it makes you gain fat?
- Q: My doctor told me that I need to gain some weight and recommended that I take Ensure daily. What I am wondering is does Ensure really make you gain weight and if so how does it do it? Also, is the weight gained in the form of fat?
- A: Ensure makes you gain weight simply because it is dense in calories. For instance, an 8 oz. bottle of Ensure contains 250 calories. Even more so, an 8 oz. bottle of Ensure Plus contains a whopping 350 calories. Remember that 8 oz is equal to a cup, so that's a pretty small serving size. If you were to drink 2 bottles of the Ensure, it would weigh in at 500 calories, the amount of calories in a typical meal. If you drink 2 bottles of Ensure Plus, you would get in 700 calories, the typical amount of calories in a large meal.As for the weight gain, no particular food such as Ensure can make you put on a certain type of weight. It all depends on you: your weight and your physical activity. For instance, if you are malnourished and underweight, you will put on mostly organ and muscle tissue weight (your body is smart; it rebuilds the vital organs and muscles first before it starts adding fat). However, if you are overweight, then drinking Ensure would obviously put on more fat (unless you are working out like doing strength training).
- Does Ensure make you gain weight?
- Q: I've been diagnosed with anorexia three weeks ago, and I'm 5'1 and 85 pounds. Yesterday, my nutritionist told me to start drinking 3 Ensures a day in place of my milk serving. So I would drink Ensure instead of milk. One bottle is 220 calories. If it really does make you gain weight, why? Does it make you gain fat, muslce or just bone mass? How do they make you gain weight if all it is is milk and vitamins?By the way, I'm 13 years old and a girl.
- A: because they can't eat regular or proper meals. Is a really good source of nutrition.Good luck to you.I am sure you know that anorexia affects your entire being,teeth,hair,heart,kidneys etc. so is important to get nutrition into your body on a regular basis.
- Does Drinking Ensure Plus Make You Gain Weight, If You Drink It Regularly, With A Meal?
- Q: I need to know by a person that drinks it regulary. Not by someone that drunk it for a while then stopped because it wasn't doing anything yet.
- A: I believe that it will help you gain weight. I personally do not drink it cause I don't need to gain weight I'm just the opposite.But I use to work at a hospital and for the patients who didn't eat a lot we use to give them some Ensure. It has lots of protein and stuff to help your body when you don't eat enough. Sometimes that is all they would get. It would take place of their meal. So if you are taking it with a meal. I'm sure it will help put on the pounds.
Prev Question: How many calories should a women have a day
Next Question:
Next Question:
People also viewYour browser does not support iframes. former “vocational school” is now named the Carroll County Area Technology Center, or ATC. It is funded and staffed through the Kentucky Department of Education and operates under state guidelines and leases space from the Carroll County School System for the local center.
What is your favorite thing about school and why?
“I like science because we get to learn about animals and I really love animals.”
What is your favorite subject and why?
“My favorite subject is math because I like doing different math problems and challenging myself.”
What was the last book you read?
“Dork Diaries - Tales from a Not-So-Graceful Ice Princess”
What was the last movie you saw?
“My favorite thing about school is to be able to learn. I like to learn new interesting things. I like to learn because it’s fun and gives me schema.”
“My favorite subject is math. I like math because it helps me whenever I need to calculate the cost of something and things similar to that.”
The evening of March 27 is packed with a groundbreaking ceremony, a school board meeting and a celebration honoring the old Carrollton High School and celebrating the Carroll County Middle School gymnasium..
The News-Democrat is your source for local news, sports, events, and information in Carroll County, KY and the surrounding area. Justice Registry includes a searchable database of offenders in Montana, registration information, statistics, information about types of offenders and information for parents and educators.
Captured 6 times between Dec 26, 2007 and Mar 31, 2012
Subject: Crime--Montana, Violent offenders -- Montana, Sex offenders -- Montana, Crime prevention -- Montana
Group: Department of Justice (DOJ)
Creator: Montana. Dept. of Justice
Publisher: Montana. Dept. of Justice
Identifier:*/
Collector: Montana State Library, Library and Information Services: 214 Videos Captured
Subject: Crime--Montana, Crime prevention -- Montana
Group: Governor (GOV)
Creator: Montana. Board of Crime Control
Publisher: Montana. Board of Crime Control
Identifier:*/
Collector: Montana State Library, Library and Information Services
Relation: Montana. Governor. Boards
Page 1 of 1 (2 Total Results)Ruta Nac 19 S/N
Arroyito - Cordoba
Phone:
(03576) 42 - 1023
You can add upto 5 email addresses. Separate each email address with a semicolon.
Ruta Nac 19 S/N
Arroyito - Cordoba
(03576) 42 - 1023
Please enter the captch value.
The email was sent successfully.
The email could not be sent. Please try again later.-2011 02:07 PM).
12-27-2011 06:19 PM
th3rtythr33 wrote:).
I am not a regular user of Chrome, I prefer Firefox. But I have had Chrome installed for several years and I do use it occasionally, mostly to try things out for a website I support. It is most certainly not my "production" browser, and I am far, far, far from being an expert on it. But here are my Privacy settings, maybe something will jump out at you about why I don't have a problem.
I have no exceptions in the "Manage exceptions..." link above.
Do any of the above settings differ from yours?
__________________________________
Justin
FiOS TV, 25/25 Internet, and Digital Voice user
QIP7232, QIP7100-P2, IMG 1.9
Keller, TX 76248
12-28-2011 08:39 AM
I'm also having this problem and clearing the cache doesn't fix it.
12-28-2011 05:00 PM - edited 12-28-2011 05:01 PM
No, I don't see any differences here.
Until Verizon, its web software supplier, or Google own-up-to and fix this issue or we figure out what is really causing it ourselves, this should work as a temporary solution with a few caveats:
Notes:
12-29-2011 10:01 AM
Van: I was told by a Verizon Tech that Verizon was no longer supporting Chrome. I have the same issue. I cannot use Explorer because my home page starts pagenations at the top, just one after the other. When I use Chrome I don't have a problem. If Verizon does not fix this problem with Chrome, I will go back to Brighthouse.
12-31-2011 07:33 AM
Not sure if this will help anyone identify the problem or not, but I am also getting the Not Supported Method error in Chrome.
However, when I logged in to these forums from Chrome, I had no problem. And, logging into the forums has carried over into the rest of the website. So, now when I go to log into My Verizon, it has me already logged in.
There seems to be something different about the login scripting being done on the main My Verizon login that doesn't play nice with some configurations of Chrome and Firefox. However, something is different about other login scripts on the Verizon site that does not produce the same error. Perhaps those differences can be looked at to identify the problem?
01-14-2012 06:57 PM
Found a solution on Chrome site. Obviously they know more than the 'foreign' Verizon employees. Go to and sign in and you will have access to your account. No more getting rid of cookie crap!
01-19-2012 06:51 PM
This error is being reported on several forums. The problems have been primarily reported with Google Chrome as well as Firefox and now IE so it appears to be unique to Verizon's sign in application.
There are several solutions to use Chrome and other browsers at:
you may find that using this link or webmail may allow you to log in without the "Not Supported Method" error.
Services
My Verizon
Support Topics
Support Tools
Watch FiOS
TrendingIII.H.14. Counter Active Protection Systems (CAPS). Overall objective: Develop and demonstrate technologies which can be applied to anti-tankF Countermeasures: Countermeasures: MICOM RDEC, ARDEC, and ARL-W and 10 m. In FY96, ARL will refine a current Steady-State-Jet design, test it, and design a 2-stage warhead. In FY97, build and test 2-stage warhead to investigate sequenced jets and design multi-stage warhead. In FY98, build and test multi-stage warhead and evaluate alternative liner material. In FY96, ARDEC will demonstrate a LSW at 30 CD. In FY97, 45 CD. In FY98, 60 CD.
Supports: Dismounted Battle Space, Early Entry Lethality and Survivability Battle Labs; PEO Tactical Missiles, CCAWS AMS-H, Javelin, BAT.Kermit LIVES, a quadruple rainbow sighting, and live-tweeting sex-ed.
Plus a baby otter, a new Lorde video, and jubilant news about emojis of color. Yow!
A conspiracy theory never sounded so good.
My favorite one is ALL OF THEM.
Once-beloved songs ruined by heartache.
Script secrets, fake girlfriends, new lizards.
15 songs to get you to your next class.
May 2012: Power
But these albums guarantee that you actually will.
A mixtape for the REAL New Year’s Eve..Allstar Weekend
,
26 3 49min (14 tracks)
The song Alex and I are gonna listen to while we're running through the six.May 21, 2015
,
134 22 48min (14 tracks)
Jump Off Your Bed & Sing Your Heart Out .May 04, 2015
,
31,495 2,885 2hr 8min (36 tracks)
songs to lose yourself in when you're home alone and ready to let go and lose control ~ these are songs picked according to my taste ( hope you enjoy !...April 30, 2015
,
389 21 1hr 9min (22 tracks)
An invincible feeling knowing everything will work out the way it's supposed to.April 30, 2015FELCH - Ruth Ann Gedvick, 70, of Felch, passed away on Sunday, Sept. 9, 2012, at Dickinson County Memorial Hospital in Iron Mountain.
She was born Aug. 20, 1942, in Alpena, Mich., daughter of the late Russell and Olive (Sutton) Socia. Ruth married Hollis Gedvick on Aug. 27, 1960, on Drummond Island. She has lived in the area since 1961, and earned her G.E.D. from Felch High School.
Ruth worked as a meat processor at the Felch Co-op for some years before becoming employed at the Steinbrecher Potato Farm. She was an excellent cook and worked preparing food at Solberg's Bar in Felch, Oak Crest Golf Club in Norway and the Svecia Club in Spread Eagle.
Ruth was a member of Zion Lutheran Church in Metropolitan. She enjoyed cooking and baking and was well-known for her homemade pasties.
Ruth thoroughly enjoyed socializing and spending time with family and friends. She was a very giving person and was always there for her family. Ruth also enjoyed sewing, hunting and fishing.
Ruth is survived by her husband of 52 years, Hollis; three children, Bob (Patty) Gedvick of Vulcan, Brenda (Brad) Sheldon of Felch and Sheila Gedvick (Tom Strazzinski) of Iron Mountain; four grandchildren, Paul and Stacey Sheldon and Travis and Michael Gedvick; her twin sister, Verna (Murray) Fountain and sisters, Donna (Pete) Bailey and Blanche Kott; a brother, Robert Socia (Jan); a brother-in-law, Robert Tomlinson; sisters-in-law, Sally Socia, Judy (Louis) Orler and Kay Conery; and many nieces and nephews.
She was preceded in death by a sister, Jean Tomlinson; a brother, Lewis Socia; a sister-in-law, Mary Ruth Barrow; and brothers-in-law, Ed Kott, Rodney Gedvick, Jack Barrow and Mike Conery.
Visitation will be Thursday from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Zion Lutheran Church in Metropolitan.
A memorial service will follow Thursday at 1 p.m. at the church. Rev. Joel Smeby will officiate. Burial will be in the Felch Cemetery.
Condolences to the family of Ruth A. Gedvick canDaniel Ponce de Leon vs. Emmanuel Lucero
From BoxRec
2004-10-22 : Daniel Ponce De Leon 122 lbs beat Emmanuel Lucero 122 lbs by KO at 2:51 in round 3 of 12
- Location: County Coliseum, El Paso, Texas, USA
- Referee: Rocky Burke
- Judge: Wilfredo Esperon
- Judge: Rafael Ramos
- Judge: Levi Martinez
Notes
- Title had been stripped from Jorge Lacierva for failure to defend.
- Lucero down in round 3 from a left hand to the body.
- After Lucero beats the count and resumes the fight, Ponce de Leon catches him with a left uppercut to the jaw that sends Lucero crashing to the canvas. The referee does not bother with a count and waves the fight over immediately.The Oatmeal on going extinct. How so very true. As with most Oatmeals, somewhat NSFW (for language in large type). (Grokked from Dan)
The top 10 time killers, their causes, and ways to compensate. A long infographic on the subject, mostly for the design industry but also works well for most creatives.
"I know that doesn’t make a lot of sense. I think that’s the point." Robinson Wells shares his own struggles with mental illness. (Grokked from Writing Excuses)
The most insane rope swing. The point where I knew I was an old man was going to Nelsons Ledges with the nephews. The ledges are a limestone formation with lots of deep crevices and fractures. I looked at a 10' wide crack and one side of my brain said, "you could jump that with a running start." Then a newer side of my brain said, "That's a 30' dead-drop, the best you could hope for is a broken leg." Yea. I'm an old man.
Random Michelle's article on the Bitter-End. It's important to have those difficult discussion with loved ones about what you really want. Also, as we discussed in class with week, the joints where your ribs meet your spine aren't exactly meant to move that much. When you put a rib spreader on someone, besides cracking the chest, you're also moving those joints. Which is why people who have open heart surgery, or direct massaged hearts, their backs are also very sore for a very long time.
Gee, the prevalence of increased sugar in our diets is leading to Type 2 Diabetes. When you correct for other factors, it's the strongest correlation. Of relation to the previous linked to article regarding the Bliss Point in manufactured foods. (Grokked from Tobias Buckell)
Wiring rats' brains together. I wonder if they're serial or parallel? (Grokked form Miranda Suri)
"Evidence exists that a large natural nuclear reactor formed and operated on Mars… and apparently underwent explosive disassembly, ejecting large amounts of radioactive material over Mars' surface." More evidence our universe continues to hold surprises for us all. Plus, what a fantastic story bone. (Grokked from Jay Lake)
"Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN)… lectured today’s workers that they needed to learn responsibility like she did when she worked retail as a teenager… Trouble is, she forgot about that old debbil inflation, and didn’t… realize the $2.15 an hour she was getting paid… in today’s dollars be worth significantly more than the wage Obama is calling for now. Even the minimum wage of $1.60 in 1968-70 was the equivalent of $10.56 today. So Blackburn was inadvertantly making Obama’s point for him." (Grokked from the Slactivist)
"For these conservative think-tankers, pundits and politicians, obscuring America's grinding poverty and spiraling inequality is an exercise in service of a status quo that works pretty well for them, but not for most families." Four conservative myths that were designed to keep us from dealing effectively with poverty in this nation. Make a post about Being Poor and you'll see all four pop up in the comments. (Grokked from Jay Lake)
Good thing to know that Crazy Uncle Pat is still truckin' on. This time, apparently demons can attach themselves to inanimate objects and be bought and sold. So it's a good idea to pray over your purchases before bringing them into the house. Also good to know it's still not to late for the WIP. (Grokked from Jim Wright)
The printable gun. (Pointed to by Dan)
"Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) has joined the growing list of Republican governors pushing income tax cuts for the wealthiest citizens of his state, and like those other governors, his plan would raise taxes on the poor to pay for it." Welcome to the class war. Alabama has one of the most regressive tax schemes in the US. How's their economy doing. Okay, how about when you delete tourism? (Grokked from the Slactivist)
Star Fish Cities. A little more weirdness of war. This time about WW II. Or if you like water, how about the town that spent 25 years underwater and is now re-emerging. (Grokked from Jay Lake)Last week we told you World Cup TV rights in 2018 and 2022 were up for grabs as ESPN was in competition with Fox and NBC. ESPN was seen as a firm favorite to retain the World Cup rights given the success the event has brought the network, the deep pockets in Bristol, and the passion ESPN #2 John Skipper has for the sport. However, in an upset the likes of Senegal over France, Fox has come from nowhere to win the rights for all FIFA events from 2015-2022 including those World Cups. Here’s the report from John Ourand at SBJ…
The FIFA World Cup will have a new U.S. TV partner in ’18 and ’22, with several sources saying that Fox will pick up the English-language rights. FIFA has informed the bidders and is planning to announce the winners at some point today or early next week. The decision to award the rights to Fox is a shocking development, since incumbent ESPN was widely believed to be the front-runner to retain the World Cup rights.
I only pegged Fox at 20% last week, so this is definitely a surprise. Fox has been agressive in going all-in with soccer the last couple years. They got the Champions League away from ESPN, have rebranded and put money into updated sets and graphics for Fox Soccer, and have even gone as far as putting taped EPL games from Sunday mornings on Sunday afternoons in an NFL window.
I am frankly shocked ESPN let the World Cup go considering all the factors above. This is a company that hates losing more than it loves winning. It’ll be a bitter pill to swallow seeing how they have helped to build the World Cup into must see television here in the states. Now, Fox will get to profit off ESPN’s investment into the World Cup and the sport of soccer. ESPN sent along this statement to AA regarding the news…
“We made a disciplined bid that would have been both valuable to FIFA and profitable for our company, while continuing to grow our unprecedented.”
It’s unclear at this time how much Fox broke the bank for these World Cup rights and where ESPN’s cutoff point was in the bidding process. While the effects of this bid won’t be felt until after the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, this is a landmark moment for the course of televised soccer and the sport in general in the United States. Let’s try to make sense of what the World Cup’s move from ESPN to Fox may mean for all the parties involved…
Fox
What a coup for Fox Sports. If soccer continues its trend upwards in this country, the 2018 and 2022 World Cups will be ratings bonanzas. While ESPN has been getting all the credit for their soccer coverage, Fox is slowly building a soccer empire. They will now have the EPL, the Champions League Final, and the men’s and women’s World Cups all on broadcast network television. Even five years ago, this would have seemed preposterous, but that’s the kind of growth top-notch international soccer on television is experiencing in this country.
But here’s the rub. Fox Sports has been atrocious in televising major soccer events. Not so much in the commentary department (more on that in a second), but in how they present the sport. Does anyone remember this nightmare?
If Fox treats viewers of the World Cup with the same ignorance and stupidity, then this will be an atrocity that will make the BCS on Fox look like Citizen Kane. Seriously Fox, it’s on you to rid yourselves of the gimmicks and the dumbed down soccer broadcasts. No robots. No infrared cameras. No “football vs futbol.” Give World Cup viewers at least a shred of respect that they know what sport they’re watching and that soccer is a legitimate American sport.. The announcing landscape for 2018 is too foggy to really analyze though, considering top names like Martin Tyler and Ian Darke may not be around in seven years time. I’d expect Fox to go the ESPN route and hire a few names that will work for the network full-time and import some of Sky’s top play by play men when the time comes around. Joe Buck or Gus Johnson are not announcing the FIFA World Cup Final. Although we can secretly hope for Gus shouting “GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!”
Fox Soccer
As important as the deal is for Fox, it may be even more important for Fox Soccer. Imagine the type of pull that network will have moving forward if they are televising live men’s and women’s World Cup games. Granted, Qatar and Russia aren’t the kindest locations for live sports events. (Unless you want to wake up at 6 AM on the east coast that is – it’s an 8 hour time difference from Moscow to New York, seven from Doha.) But the under the radar factor in this deal is Fox gets all FIFA rights from 2015-2022 including the age limited tournaments. That’s hundreds of hours of games Fox Soccer didn’t have just hours ago. Fox Soccer must continue to professionalize its coverage though. They already upgraded their studio and graphics significantly, but the channel must get rid of some of the local accessy technical difficulties and get higher quality production. If that happens, and more top television personalities are brought into the fold, the channel has a chance to become mainstream.
ESPN
ESPN’s soccer lifeblood was the World Cup. I’ve continually said World Cup 2010 in South Africa was the pinnacle of ESPN’s abilities. ESPN, or any other network, has simply never covered an event better. ESPN finally gave soccer fans and sports fans the intelligent, in-depth coverage that was worthy of one of the world’s biggest sporting events. For ESPN to lose an event they have become so synonymous with is a major blow.
Where does ESPN go from here? As long as Senior VP John Skipper is in charge, soccer will continue to be a mainstay in Bristol. Nothing will change in the next few years regarding ESPN’s superior soccer coverage with the EPL, MLS, US National Team, and 2014 World Cup. However, afterwards I would expect ESPN to more fervently pursue the European club game and make an even bigger commitment to the EPL and others. Getting back the Champions League from Fox would soothe the pain of losing the World Cup ever so slightly. ESPN can build heavily on those yearround leagues as “the best soccer in the world,” which is true. Nevertheless, not televising the men’s and women’s World Cups is a massive loss for ESPN.
NBC
The Peacock, as too often has been the case in the last year, is left out in the cold. What now to make of their commitment to MLS and the US National team? NBC just gave MLS a lifeline with a ton of games on what will be NBC Sports Net next year and broadcast network time. But, the agreement is only for three years. With the bigger prize of the World Cup out of the picture, how much does NBC put into MLS? Do they feel some foothold in the growing soccer landscape is better than none? Both NBC and MLS are hoping their agreement does for the league what NBC’s arrangement with the NHL did, but it puts more pressure on both to have this be a success right away. Otherwise, NBC will move on and MLS will be looking once again for a new, dedicated TV partner.
Soccer fans
Here’s the tough news. Given Fox’s track record, this is a bad day for soccer fans. ESPN’s World Cup coverage has been the gold standard. Fox’s international soccer coverage has resembled something you would see on Nick Jr. Additionally, with soccer seemingly spread out across several networks now, it may be harder for viewers to find that go-to place soccer can call home. It is encouraging to see so many networks pursue more soccer, but the games and leagues are spread thinly across ESPN, NBC, and Fox. In the end, Fox is challenged with surpassing ESPN’s presentation, coverage, production, and announcing. Considering what we’ve seen in the past, it’s going to take monumental improvement to do so. Until Fox shows soccer fans otherwise, I have my doubts.
On the bright side, at least there are no bands at soccer games.Over the next few weeks, the local station is on a mission to find the area's best singer of the National Anthem.
The "Oh Say Can You Sing" contest, sponsored by Claude Nolan Cadillac, is scouring Northeast Florida and Southeast Georgia area for its best voices. Three finalists will be chosen to perform live on Channel 4's "4th of July Fireworks Spectacular" broadcast.
Each finalist will sing an assigned, patriotic-themed song to help celebrate America’s birthday. After all three have performed, our viewers chose the winner through voting on television, online or their mobile devices.
That winner will have the honor of singing the Star Spangled Banner just before the city of Jacksonville's 4th of July fireworks display. The winner will also be awarded a $500 prize.
Channel 4 producers reviewed recordings of those auditions and invited 15 contestants to a call-back audition to be held on Saturday. Each will perform two songs and do a short interview.
Station representatives will review the 15 performances and chose five to six finalists within the next week. From this group of singers, our viewers will help select three finalists who will perform live on the "4th of July Fireworks Spectacular."
"Oh Say Can You Sing" audition rules
1. Each contestant will have one opportunity to perform their song before the judges and audience.
2. Judges will rate contestants based on overall performance. This includes not only vocal talent, but also stage presence, Camera presence, style, charisma and personality.
3. Once a contestant begins singing, they will be given only one minute to perform for the producers and the audience. The clock will start once you start singing and will continue to run even if you start over. No extra time will be given unless the producer determines the problem to be technical in origin and detrimental to the contestant’s performance or the production. It is the responsibility of the individual contestant to continue the performance unless informed otherwise. In short “the show must go on” unless you are told to stop.
4. All contestants must be available for callbacks on Saturday May 31st during one of the following time slots: 11 a.m.-1 p.m.; 1 p.m.-3 p.m.; 4 p.m.-6 p.m.
5. Producers will review the recordings and make their decision in the next few days. A show producer will then contact successful contestants to schedule a callback audition. Please make sure you leave us a working phone number and email address to contact you. Callback auditions are by invitation only, in other words “Don’t call us, we will call you.”Texas Politics
All Texas politics all the time from the San Antonio Express-News and Houston Chronicle
Posts filtered on Category]
Price tag for Hall impeachment investigation tops $300K
AUSTIN – The cost of an investigation into University of Texas System Regent Wallace Hall topped $300,000 in its first three months, a price tag likely to double as final invoices trickle in. According to invoices provided to the Houston Chronicle on Tuesday, Houston lawyer Rusty Hardin billed the state $93,728.66 for November expenses related […] [Read More]
Show More« Sailing Photo Of The Day - J105's At Rolex Big Boat Series | Main | Below Decks At Les Voiles De St Tropez »
TrackBack URL for this entry:
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Les Voiles des St Tropez 2012:
The comments to this entry are closed.
That seems scary but I would love to try it. It looks challenging. I'll do this next month.
Posted by: Alaska Fishing Tackle | October 04, 2012 at 04:37 AMLadies, Would You Let This Guy Hit It???
View Comments- By Bossip Staff Categories: For the Ladies, For Your Viewing Pleasure, Hate It or Love It?!?!?The Two Halves of "Under the Skin"
A note: This article is written in mind for those who have seen the film Under the Skin. It contains spoilers.
I first learned about Under the Skin through my inbox. I got a press release about the eerie, ethereal soundtrack by Mica Levi. I’m always keeping an eye out for film and music to review in the pages of Bitch, and I took note of the film starring Scarlett Johansson that lacked any other identifiable co-stars. But I’m not just looking for films about women, I want ones that are directed by women too, and a quick glance through the rest of the email proved that it was directed by one Jonathan Glazer. As I do with these types of films (or all-dude bands), I moved on, content he would get press elsewhere.
Weeks later, when the film hit theaters, I began to hear more about Under the Skin—It’s like feminist sci-fi! She’s like an alien that preys on men! But the end will surprise you! I began to second-guess passing on the film—after all, men can direct feminist films, and this sounded like one that would pass muster. At the very least, I knew there was something going on with this film and I went to check it out.
Although I knew from the write-ups I had read, the opening of the film lets you know the other-worldly origins of Johansson’s character. Ethereal spheres of light shrink and expand, a woman’s voice distortedly pronouncing English words.
It was hard to not immediately think of Her, Johansson’s other recent non-Avengers project, in which she voices the operating system Joaquin Phoenix falls in love with. The premise of Her—man finds ideal mate in female robot programmed to cater to his every whim—had me more than skeptical entering the theater. But I found the film shifted halfway—the OS matured beyond her human partner, literally operating on a different level than her partner and eventually leaving him behind. For me it was a satisfying end to a potentially problematic film.
Under the Skin, however, seemed to do the opposite. What started off as a potentially feminist film fell into a tired fairytale.
There are many reasons why the first half of Under the Skin is successful—one was its element of the unknown. We know Scarlett Johansson is an alien, we know she lures men into her big white van. We don’t know what she’s going to do them, nor to what end. We also may know that Glazer filmed actual men on the street—non-actors, unaware of the taping—giving the audience another delicious lick of intrigue that, along with Johansson’s dark mop, tickled us in its trickery.
Through Johansson’s alien, we see Earth as a foreign planet. In one shot in a shopping mall, the audio builds up in a suffocating wall of sound. You feel surrounded by humans but can’t even make out the words or language they’re speaking.
There’s a similar degree of disembodiment, albeit visual, when Johansson is driving the van. Instead of your average filmic shot of a city’s hustle and bustle, we zero onto unsuspecting men with a calculating eye. This is where I found the film at its most subversive. From our high seat in the van, we feel protected and disguised, as impenetrable and unrecognizable as Scarlett Johansson in a cheap fur coat. It’s a sick kind of power—not one I would define as feminism, but definitely one that women don’t get enough of on film or as viewers. When else does a viewer ride shotgun with a predatory female gaze? Certainly not in the real world. But in Under the Skin, we’re allowed to see a pack of young, inebriated white men and view them not as potential threats, but as potential victims.
Once Johansson’s alien has landed a male—one who accepts her offer for a ride, or come-on at the club—she brings them back to a murky, dark lair. What happens then—Johansson seducing the men by slowly undressing, leading them deeper into a dark unknown—is another reason the first half of the film is so great. We witness an other-worldly event, a set that wouldn’t be out of place in a music video (Glazer’s specialty), one that works surprisingly well set against the gritty Google-maps vision of Glasgow. My heart thumped wildly when we did finally see the fate of her captives—it’s a haunting, awful scene, its most horrific aspect perhaps that we do not understand it.
I keep calling her Scarlett Johansson. I could call her “the alien,” as other reviews have done, but I think that gets at a problem I have with the film. We are told she is an alien; we know that technically, she is an alien. We know that for all her flirtatious words she is cold in her execution. She can’t be human—did you see her walk away from that crying baby on the beach?
And yet as viewers, we haven’t ever seen anything “alien” about her. She looks like a young human woman, and the many close-ups and reflections we get of her face seem to emphasize this all the more. When we watch a young woman in acid-washed jeggings we do not see an alien, we see a young woman in acid-washed jeggings, which in some way actually makes her a woman in acid-washed jeggings. (Apologies for whatever media-studies theory I am no doubt butchering.)
Which is one reason why the second half of the film flops for me.
Halfway through the movie, she essentially leaves her alien, skin-harvesting, soul-sucking duties behind and cuts out on her own. Gone are her creepy alien trappings—there’s nothing linking her to predatory past except her mysterious Motorcycle Man accomplice (once cleaning up her messes, he is now is trailing her through the Highlands) and the fact that she can’t ingest chocolate cake.
What accounts for this change? Certainly not that baby. Instead, one of the men she seduces is physically deformed, which she realizes only once he’s in the van. Like many disabled characters on screen, he is depicted as someone to be pitied—her seduction seems to rest on the fact that he has never had a girlfriend, that he can’t believe his luck for ending up with her. The other-worldly huntress somehow “breaks” when it comes to disabled virgins, and she lets him go, seemingly having a change of heart.
Up until this point in the film, I had felt like I never knew what would come next. Now I found myself disappointed to find this refreshing female character turn on a dime, all because of a well-worn trope about people with disabilities—that they are somehow more pure and sympathetic simply because of their disability. In fact, the only reason people with disabilities should be “pitied” is because of the way able-bodied society and institutions have failed to accommodate them and treat them as fully realized humans (or in this case, as fully realized humans for harvest). On a side note, Adam Pearson, the British actor who plays the man and who has neurofibromatosis, has written about characters with disabilities on screen.
After that scene, she strikes out on her own, leaving her night rides behind. Instead of her indifferent gaze, she now just seems lonely. This is where and why I think it’s important to emphasize who and what we’re watching on screen, regardless of what we “know” to be true about the character’s origins. From this point on, the film follows a broken, confused 20-something woman tramp around rural Scotland and relies on several familiar narratives.
For starters, there’s Prince Charming, a be-sweatered gent who finds her on a bus and takes her home where he chastely puts her to bed and brings her a cup of tea. They go on walks in the countryside, he carries her across mud puddles, literally brings her to a castle, and of course, never lays a hand on her. I found this part of the film very boring—it vacillated between rom-com (after so many duds she’s finally found Mr. Right!) and “stranger in a strange land.”
It’s difficult to figure out what she feels about him, we’ve never seen her care for much before. But we do see her care about sex. Eventually, even though it’s not clear how many words have been exchanged between, she and Scottish Sheriff Truman hop in bed together. But before they can do the deed she jerks out of bed, grabs a lamp and holds it to her crotch. I wasn’t sure if she was discovering the presence of a vagina or the lack thereof. People seem to think she didn’t have one. Regardless, my reading was that she becomes distraught that she cannot have penetrative sex with Prince Charming. What kind of feminist film is this? Bitch Online Editor Sarah Mirk read this scene differently, as she notes in her review—that's one thing I appreciate about the movie: viewers can draw many interpretations from it.
Then she’s off on her own again, now for the second time. Is this what sets aliens off? Pity for the disabled and being unable to please your man?
Now comes the really icky part of the movie. She awakes in a wilderness refuge to find unwanted hands on her body. Bolting, she’s pursued by the man through the unfamiliar forest. We’ve come a long way from that cold calculating eye from the van. My heart was pounding again, but not because I was watching a frightful, outer-space soul harvest, but because I was watching a young woman get sexually assaulted. If there’s one trope that we’ve seen enough of—if not on screen then in our real life—it’s this. I’m am not saying this is not something that shouldn’t be depicted on screen—I think it can be done well—but this is not something I want to watch, and there is nothing original about it.
This is the climax of the film—an attempted rape. We now see just whose skin she is under. Yet I can’t help but feel many of us—let’s say, 50%—understood far earlier in the film. The alien's embodiment of a human woman had been deliciously powerful before, and now it was uncomfortably familiar. For some of us, there was nothing big about the big reveal.
There’s something poignant in the end—her attacker killing something he does not understand. The film ends with ashes falling from the sky like snow. We see the Motorcycle Man pause mournfully and remove his helmet. We now understand that he was never trying to contain her—he only wanted to protect her. Johansson’s alien has gone from an outer space seductress to a woman in need of saving.
Earlier in the film, there was a scene where Johansson’s alien had pulled her van into an empty lot after spotting a potential victim. We see him at her window, speaking loudly through the glass, though we can’t make out what he’s saying. Suddenly, there’s another one on the dash, then another one on the roof. She’s under attack, ambushed by a group of violent men. Her face seems to register this fact, but nothing more—no panic, no fear. She coolly puts the van into drive and pulls forward, leaving them behind. This, for me, was the real feminist sci-fi. An escapist vision of a world where women can simply shift gears and drive away from violence and assault, unscathed and unfazed.
Related Reading: "Orphan Black" is the Sci-Fi Thriller We've Been Waiting For.
Kjerstin Johnson rarely goes to the movies anymore, but when she does she has a lot of thoughts. (Don't get her started on The Grand Budapest Hotel). She is the editor-in-chief of Bitch magazine.)
Under the Skin and its themes regarding objectification and sex
Firstly, the idea about the disfigured man is not that we feel pity for him, but that Johansson's character becomes more aware of herself. She doesn't seem to see humans as any different from one another, kind of like how humans view animals. For example, if we see a group of penguins, we think that they look extremely alike and we do not realize their differences. Here, Johansson's character is lead to realize her human body when she looks in the mirror after capturing the disfigured man, and it is then that she sees a fly trying to get out of her abandoned house and has a moment of realization, leading her to let him go.
Also, the thing about the climax of the film is that the attempted rape draws parallels to objectifications and death. As Johansson's character becomes regarded as nothing but a helpless plaything, her growing humanity is literally stripped from her, and she is subsequently killed. There is a strong link shown between sexual objectification and death, and it is handled in a way that deals with the relationship between men and women in our world. Earlier, the gender role is switched, showing men being lured into a void and being stripped of their humanity, whereas here, it switches back to bring the story back full circle and to lead the audience to think about men and women.
The book the film was based on.
I liked this film, but I also completely understand that a lot of people don't.
I heard an interview with the director about the book the film was based on (which he described as a satire of the meat industry) and decided to read it before I saw the film. There's very little in common, and I thought some of the points of departure were interesting and related to what you write about here (warning, these are spoilers for the book). Just a few of them: there's a lot more backstory on what they're doing, and you never really see Isserley, as the alien is named, develop much sympathy for humans; the process for dealing with the men does not involve the same kind of seduction, and she hates her human body, which is the result of many painful and debilitating surgeries; and there is a sexual assault scene, but in the book she murders the man by gouging his eyes out.
They're really two very different experiences, each intriguing in its own way.
it never occurred to me that
it never occurred to me that her pre coital freak out meant she didn't have a vagina. she was so confused and freaked out and seemingly I knowledgeable about humanity, and even though she knew the men were sexually interested in her, I never got the impression she had any idea what sex actually was. it just made sense to me that she'd be like what?! there's a hole there?! cause why would she expect that?
I didn't like the end, but her failed experience of humanness was interesting to me. I felt very much throughout the movie like she was an alien and not a human woman.
alien vs robot
I believe she was a robot she took the skin off at the end and it was looking at her she never ate or slept till the end in that cabin where does she get her energy from? And lastly she most likely didnt have a vagina no reproduction no life!! Imo its just alot of things would habe been more realistic if she was a robot oh and ps what the hell was there goal just to kill ppl men in particular and one woman? Alot of things were just un answered that i would like to find out like let me talk to the director.De.
Wow... just wow
AAAAh yes, pull the "Oh my baby" scam to not goto jail. You had no problems "shopping" and stealing. But the minute you get caught, you are having stomach pains.
"pull the "Oh my baby"
No, just pull the baby and give it to someone that will not use it as a welfare tool!
No suprises , Some people never learn .I guess the Judge will give both of them a wake up call when they go to court ..lol
Sadly, I doubt it.
So, did she have the first baby for the new year?????Occidental Petroleum logo (Photo credit: Wikipedia)
In a historic vote last Friday, the shareholders of Occidental Petroleum Occidental Petroleum decided they’d had enough of Ray Irani. The longtime CEO and chairman of America’s fourth biggest oil company has been roundly criticized for enormous pay packages of cash and stock options that has averaged $80 million a year for the past decade. In fact, Irani’s pay has been so huge over the years — even before he took the reins upon Armand Hammer’s death in 1990 — that he is very likely a billionaire.
Indeed, I asked esteemed Forbes statistics editor Scott DeCarlo to crunch the numbers on Irani’s pay since becoming CEO, and he tallied up total compensation of $1.2 billion — that’s annual average pay of $54 million a year, for more than two decades.
That hefty sum comprises $32 million in salary, $50 million in short-term bonuses, $93 million in long-term bonuses, $132 million in “other” compensation, $554 million in value realized from exercised stock options, and $362 million in value realized from vested shares.
In 2012 Irani’s total take was $46 million, after $50 million in 2011 and $76 million in 2010. Irani’s biggest payday was 2006; for that year we tally up $321 million, mostly exercised stock options.
The best vantage point on his finances is through the company’s most recent proxy filing, which states that Irani was sitting on 8 million shares. At $90.5 a share today, that’s $720 million.
Irani’s $1.2 billion in total compensation doesn’t include dividends either. Oxy in the past 12 months has paid a dividend of $2.26 a share, giving Irani another $13 million or so in walking-around money, after taxes.
And Irani isn’t finished collecting Oxy’s cash. Upon his ouster from the company Irani appears to be in line for a $38 million severance package.
So is he a billionaire? It sure looks likely, but by no means certain. Irani, 78, through an Occidental spokesman, has declined to discuss his finances. It’s impossible to know how profligate a spender he and his wife Ghada are. The last Oxy proxy notes that a relatively small 250,000 shares are held by the Irani Family Foundation.
The Iranis are listed as the 66th biggest payer of property taxes in Los Angeles, forking over $252,000 a year for their home at 338 St. Pierre Road in Bel Air.
Irani has also been on the board of Wynn Resorts Wynn Resorts since 2007. Wynn pays him $400,000 a year for his trouble.
Assuming that he’s not blowing his stack in Wynn’s casinos, if Irani isn’t quite a billionaire yet, it’s a good bet that he’ll cross the threshold soon.
Bloomberg’s Brad Olson has been on top of the Oxy proxy vote story in recent months, detailing how Irani had been at odds with CEO Steve Chazen over the future direction of the company. Irani, whose relationships with Middle Eastern potentates helped make the company what it is today, had advocated a continuation of Oxy’s international approach. While Chazen has been pushing for a North American realignment.
With shareholders having now granted Chazen a mandate, it is likely that Occidental will be restructured, with the potential for $30 billion in shareholder value to be unlocked by selling or spinning off chemicals operations, pipelines and other assets. Oxy’s current market cap is $73 billion.
Two years ago Oxy shares reached an all-time high at $114. If Chazen’s moves can get them up to $125, then that would be enough to push Irani’s stock holdings past the $1 billion mark.
For more on Oxy, check out my 2010 Forbes Magazine story in which Irani and Chazen talked up the potential for plenty more “easy oil” to be found in their California and Texas fields.Gov. Robert Bentley announced his bid for a second term via e-mail Tuesday, saying he wanted to continue working on rebuilding the state’s economy.
“Our state has been through a great deal of hardship over the last two years, but we have also enjoyed a great deal of success,” Bentley said in a statement released by his campaign. “I am proud of the progress we have made, especially when it comes to economic prosperity. I look forward to continuing that progress in a second term.”
Bentley, a dermatologist and former state representative, emerged out of a crowded field to win the Republican nomination for governor in 2010. Bentley was swept to office in a Republican landslide later that year, a landslide that also brought in the first Republican legislature in Alabama since Reconstruction.
The governor has made job creation the primary goal of his administration, and his term has seen an easing of the state’s dire unemployment rate and the arrival of some industries in the state, including Airbus. Bentley’s years in office have also been marked by a fight over immigration that embroiled the state in lawsuits over his first two years in office.
– posted by Brian LymanA hot start followed by an ice-cold losing streak has brought the Tampa Bay Lightning back to reality. If the Lightning stock were on Wall Street, the people who bought in when the Bolts were on top are selling while those that waited could be ready to buy.
Tampa Bay had climbed within a point of the top spot in the Eastern Conference before a dismal road trip calmed the storm. The Lightning trail in the Southeast Division by a point to Carolina, and they have gone from the top to outside the playoff picture.
With the fury that is the shortened season, the Lightning stock has already gone on a roller coaster. All things considered, here is the stock report for the Bolts through the first quarter of the season.FOAD #23
The PS is the kicker:The PS is the kicker:
McGriff Pools and Fountains
1220 Wewatta Street
Denver, CO
Dear Mr. McGriff,
Amazed. Dumbfounded. Incredulous. These are three of the happier adjectives to describe my feelings about the "pool" you've built us. Being a big fan of the movie Spinal Tap, I suppose I should appreciate the humor in having a twenty-inch by fifteen-inch swimming pool in my backyard, but the situation is far from humorous. At six inches deep, the pool gives new meaning to the words "watering hole."
I realize that you're a very busy man. In fact, before I left that morning, you spent over two hours on your cellphone trying to convince someone named "Lucinda" that you didn't give her "the nasties." What's more, the rest of your crew didn't seem to have time to step around our flower garden or to use the facilities when urinating. Still, I would have imagined that you would have taken a moment to study the details of the job, particularly the difference between the symbols for inches (") and feet (').
Now, I'm not sure from which evolution-free pocket you and your staff arose, but as a whole you seem to have been spared the burdens of common sense, intelligence and, as my children pointed out, hygiene. Even my cocker spaniel could have figured out that nobody wants a twenty-inch swimming pool. I am therefore returning your bill for $3,500 unpaid.
Sincerely,
ps. From the way you were scratching, I'd bet you DID give Lucinda the nasties.Search Results for Gwyneth Paltrow
-
- 6 Things You Never Knew About Everyone’s Favorite Peter Pan Movie, ‘Hook’
Close, and the actress playing teenaged Wendy is Gwyneth Paltrow , in one of her first-ever roles. Even musicians Phil Collins ..... Allison Williams , Christopher Walken , dustin hoffman , Gwyneth Paltrow , Hook , Jimmy Buffett , Movies , Peter Pan , Peter
- 10 Celebrity Recipes You Need To Try This Thanksgiving
sides – add a fancy touch with Gwyneth Paltrow ’s picture-perfect starters or jazz ..... doesn’t do anything halfway, Paltrow has an entire holiday feast available on her website, for ..... Hendricks , eva longoria , food , Gwyneth Paltrow , Jessica Alba , Kanye West
- Kristen Stewart Plans Acting Break, Taylor Swift Reveals ‘1989’ Track List, And More
Taylor Swift continues to reveal album tidbits. Here’s the entire track list. [ Us Weekly ] 3. Will Ferrell and Gwyneth Paltrow ’s 2005 film wasn’t enough for Bewitched fans apparently, because the beloved sitcom is coming back to TV
- You’ll Never Believe What Gwyneth Paltrow Said To The President
struck, actress and lifestyle guru Gwyneth Paltrow told President Barack Obama he’s handsome ..... This is the second political fundraiser Paltrow has held for the Democratic National Committee ..... everything back.” Tagged: Barack Obama , Gwyneth Paltrow
- Gwyneth Paltrow Might Be Headed To ‘American Horror Story,’ ‘The Originals’ Welcomes Back A Major Character, And More
headlines! 1. Could Gwyneth Paltrow be headed to American ..... previously worked with Paltrow on Glee , told People that ..... on the show.” “ Gwyneth is such a light to the world,” Murphy ..... Tagged: George Clooney , Gwyneth Paltrow , Headlines , Laura
- Emma Watson Could Play Belle In ‘Beauty And The Beast,’ The Cast Of ‘Buffy’ Then And Now, And More
gallery. [ BuzzFeed ] 5. Gwyneth Paltrow flaunts a signature blowout in ..... illustrated signature blowout that is. Paltrow ’s look was created by Megan Hess ..... Donald Glover , emma watson , Gwyneth Paltrow , Headlines , Magic Mike XXL
-So during yesterday’s Sneak Peek, I got a little italic-crazy. Are we still cool?
After a weekend full of excitement [sarcasm] during the Super Bowl (basically a replay of the 2007 Super Bowl with the same teams. Yawn.) and what I’m sure was a lot of snack and food-making, tonight’s meal is perfect. It requires only four ingredients and takes about 10 minutes to cook.
Seriously. It’s the lazy-man’s Meatless Monday tonight.
I’m all about store-bought pasta when in a pinch. And specialty stores, like Whole Foods, have some pretty awesome pasta finds.
Butternut squash ravioli are exquisite, especially when done right. You can do a lot with them (like a cream tarragon sauce with goat cheese….yum!) but tonight, I’m encouraging taking Easy Street and pairing the ravioli with simple browned butter and sage. If you can find one that doesn’t look like it was made in Ronald McDonald’s kitchen, that’d be best.
The best part about this dish is the crispy sage. You fry it up in the butter as it browns and it turns into this crunchy topping with a really unique flavor. Even if you think you don’t like sage, don’t knock this one til you’ve tried it.
And if you’ve never browned butter, don’t be intimidated. It’s probably the easiest thing to do. You just cook it over low heat until it turns dark brown and smells nutty. It’s one of the best ways to eat butter—the other, of course, being clarified with artichokes to dip in it.
Gather Things Up
- 1 Package of prepared butternut squash ravioli
- Sage, to taste (about 6-8 leaves, depending on your buds’ liking)
- 3 Tbsp. butter
- 1 Tbsp. Pecorino or Parmesan cheese, grated
- Salt and pepper, to taste
Brown it
- In a pot of salted water, cook the pasta according to package directions
- In a small pan, melt butter over low-medium heat, stirring occasionally. When it starts to froth, add the sage leaves.
Frothy Butter=Time for Sage Keep it going... Swirl it around so butter doesn't burn...
- Continue cooking the butter over the low heat, stirring occasionally. Cook until it turns a dark brown and smells nutty. The sage leaves will fry as you brown the butter.
It's getting there
- Once the butter has browned, pour over the pasta, sage leaves included, and top off with cheese and salt and pepper.
The final product Ronald McDonald just got classy
- Eat it without guilt.
4 thoughts on “Meatless Monday: Butternut Squash Ravioli with Browned Butter and Crispy Sage”
This sounds wonderful – doesn’t that pasta just look amazing?!
It is wonderful! And so easy, which makes it just a tad more wonderful than if it were difficult. Thanks so much for reading :)STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. — Toni Biondolillo and Benjamin Moss have announced their engagement. The future bride is the daughter of Debra and Thomas Biondolillo of New Springville. The future bridegroom is the son of Angela Moss of Bulls Head and the late James Moss.
Mr. Moss is a graduate of Susan Wagner High School and earned a bachelor of science degree in business management and marketing from the College of Staten Island. He is a paraprofessional with McKee High School.
The couple is planning a November 2010 wedding.Wed Jun 04, 2014 8:43 pm
Wed Jun 04, 2014 10:25 pm
Wed Jun 04, 2014 11:22 pm
Thu Jun 05, 2014 3:26 am
Thu Jun 05, 2014 3:35 am
Thu Jun 05, 2014 3:38 am.
Thu Jun 05, 2014 7:09 am
Sat Jun 07, 2014 7:01 pm
Thu Jun 12, 2014 11:51 pm2007 Concha y Toro Frontera Chardonnay25 Ratings
25 Ratings
2007 Concha y Toro Frontera Chardonnay
Wine Details
Vineyard
Varietal
Shipping Information
Free shipping with a purchase of 12 bottles or more.
Free shipping with a purchase of 12 bottles bottles or more.
Expert Reviews
- Wine & SpiritsRating: Good Value - As reviewed by Wine & Spirits Magazine on 02/08
super sweetStan Slap Video Blog Part 1 Manager Culture and Trust
Any manager can appear fully productive and enthusiastic simply because they’re intellectually and financially committed. But if you’ve ever witnessed a human being emotionally committed to a cause—working like they’re being paid a million and they’re not being paid a dime—you know there’s a difference and you know it’s big. It’s this difference that companies want when they say they want their managers to be leaders because leaders are emotionally committed and inspire it in others. In this riveting video blog series, Stan will explain the importance of emotional commitment to managers and their companies. He will also demonstrate how real leadership starts and exactly what it looks like when it’s done right. And he’ll explain the one thing even more important than how to be a leader: why to be a leader.
This is only part 1 of 7 so check back weekly for the series.
That’s freakin awesome.
cool insights you are sharing here mr slap. I admire how you are sharing it publicly. Is there any way I can be involved in spreading the word of bringing humanity back to business?- Prayer and Worship
- Beliefs and Teachings
- Issues and Action
- Media
- Bible
- Catholic Giving.
Depending on the leader's preference, a spontaneous prayer may be used to open the session, or a prepared text might be used. If the group is comfortable singing together, an appropriate song should be chosen. The following prayer can serve to begin each session:
Let us pray: (pause long enough to allow everyone to enter into a quiet state of awareness.). Show us how tofaithfully participate in public lifein a nation that proclaims "In God we trust." We ask this, through Christ our Lord. (Amen)
The leader should introduce the focus of the gathering, explaining that the passage chosen from Scripture is meant to complement the theme of the session. way to do this is to ask participants to name aloud the needs that were stirred in their hearts by the sharing. After each petition is spoken, an agreed-upon common response (e.g., "Lord, hear our prayer") is said. The petitions may be concluded with all holding hands and reciting together the Our Father. If the group is comfortable singing, a suitable song may be chosen. Refreshments and social time should follow..
Discussion Questions:? How does a deep faith life help us to love others? How does being compassionate toward others affect us spiritually?. 10).) (no. 13).
Discussion Questions:, the bishops noted:
."
In what area is your work, and how can you promote the common good through that work??
A Reading from the Letter of Saint Paul to the Romans. . . .
Discussion Questions:?
Readings from Forming Consciences for Faithful Citizenship: A Call to Political Responsibility from the Catholic Bishops of the United States:
The Church equips. . .(no. 17). (no. 18)
The Church fosters well-formed consciences not only by teaching moral truth but also by encouraging (no. 19)
Discussion Questions:?
A Reading from the Gospel of Matthew. . . (Matthew 19:16."
Discussion Questions:?
Readings from (no. (no. 22). (no. 23). (no. 24).) (no. 25).
Discussion Questions: from."?
A Reading."
Discussion Questions:?I set a few goals for myself and achieved them - I blogged every day in May. I also took two HR classes and passed with A's.
I have become more in tune with my sense of style. J Crew, I'm looking at you kid. I'm trying to embrace my curves more and appreciate them instead of drastically wishing I was somehow different. I can't get enough of plaid, flannel, skinny jeans, and the "statement necklace".
We travelled to New York, Utah, Oregon, and the Carolinas. We hiked up a river, went alpine sledding, and went for bike rides on beaches. I got to visit London and Paris again and flew transatlantic by myself for the very first time.
I'm still trying to figure a few things out, mainly how to become a better cook and how to blog better and more efficiently, as well as that whole 40 hour a week thing.
For 2014 I'm currently in the process of tearing apart my entire wardrobe and wanting to really cut back on my spending. I'm hoping that a wardrobe purge will help me realize I have just about everything I need and should only buy when I need to replace an item that wears out, not just because I feel as though I have nothing to wear.
And some goals..
A bad habit I'm going to break: Biting/tearing at my cuticles.
A new skill I'd like to learn: Ice skating!
A person I hope to be more like: My husband. His drive at work is incredible - I admire him.
A good deed I'm going to do: Pick a charity and donate/volunteer at it (this will change yearly on my selected charity).
A place I'd like to visit: Yosemite.
A book I'd like to read: A Tale of Two Cities.
A letter I'm going to write: To my dad.
A new food I'd like to try: I've never had sea urchin.
I'm going to do better at: Being a wife, being a patient, kind person, less consumerism, and a better blogger.
And here's to you - happy almost 2014!
Love your resolutions and your highlights! Well done and Happy New Year!
Thanks W! :) Happy 2014!
Happy New Year Laura! I really like all of your goals. I still need to come up with some for myself! I guess I have a few more hours:) Your travel photos are beautiful!
Thanks Katie! The same to you! :)
I love the outfits you've shown. I also feel like I have a better understanding of my On my way! style too. :)
Thanks Ginny! :)
your 2013 sounded amazing laura!! wishing you a wonderful 2014! cheers to you!! and your curves are gorgeous!!
thank you lisa! all the best to you and hubby too!
I love your goal list! It looks like you had a great 2013, but I love that you want to make 2014 even better!
Thank you Ashley! :) happy 2014!Morning Show Lunch: It Was “Make Your Own” At Nancy’s House
Nancy has wanted to get the morning show together for lunch for about 5 years. Sweet idea, but that would mean seeing each other after work. Usually I avoid these get togethers because Liz and I have usually had enough of each other by 10am.
Despite that, I said yes since Nancy was going through the trouble of putting it together. Turns out it was less trouble for Nancy than I thought. I get there and frankly, I was starving. Nancy said to go right into the kitchen. “The kitchen”? I thought. Turns out lunch is a “make your own panini” lunch. I had not anticipated “make your own” anything.
So, as I’m cooking, I look in the dining room, and there’s only one seat left. Wanna take a guess? Yep, right next to Liz. Thank you very much Nancy!!
Turns out it was a really nice lunch and I know Nancy worked hard to coordinate it, shop for it, and open the doors of her home to make it happen. So seriously, thanks Nancy. Let’s do it again. In 2017.
Gods, Genes, Conscience: December Dialogues
Immediate Posting: The following Commentaries (developing thinkings) were made in response to the concerned articles, sources, and dates listed in December))Encontrar un ejemplar en la biblioteca
Encontrando bibliotecas que tienen este material…
Detalles
Resumen:
.
Reseñas
Reseñas contribuidas por usuarios
Quality Craftsmanship • Exceptional Customer Service
Providing 20 years of Quality Refinishing and Upholstering
Superb valuable pieces.
Request a Free Estimate Today!
Home | Services | Gallery | Upholstery | Contact Us | Sitemap
Home • Services • Upholstery • Gallery • Contact Us
281-444-1905!What is this supposed to be?
VNCast is a modified VNC Client that will receive the VNC data, compress them into format such as motion JPEG and multicast them with RTP into the network. Any media player that has RTP protocol support will then be able to receive the compressed data, decode and display it.
see VNCast for more details
How to build
First, on Debian-like distros:
apt-get install liblivemedia-dev libavcodec-dev libavformat-dev libvncserver-dev apt-get install libswscale-dev
, then:
make
and perhaps
make install
State
Well, it builds... and under certain conditions displays "something", or even, while protesting loudly, displays something... very psychedelic...If you’re taking a special bottle of wine to an event this year, you might want to invest in a VinniBag to carry it in your luggage. It’s inflatable and Made in USA! With this accessory in my wheeled bag, I successfully toted wine on and off Amtrak and around New York City for the […]
Posts Tagged ‘Burgundy’
I don’t know how boutique importer Kermit Lynch found them, because he’s known as a Burgundy specialist but Champagne isn’t too far away. Lynch is branching out, and I did sample some other very good wines he brings in, but at the end of the day this is what stood out freshly in my memory. […] […]
What’s going on in Burgundy right now? Here’s a photo Alex Gambal sent of the first day’s work in one of his newly-acquired vineyards – in the areas of Batard-Montrachet, Puligny-Montrachet and Chassagne-Montrachet. He also bought a house “on the square in Santenay that will be turned into a guest and rental residence.” Hoping it’s […]
Recently returned from tasting the recent vintages of all the wines of Burgundy — more later. I also have to say that the food creativity in the region is incredible: layered flavor nuances, varied presentations in various shaped vessels. But most of my time was tasting, tasting, tasting winesBig.)
We've been hearing rumblings for some time now that a big fireworks display has been planned for May 21 over the Grand River in downtown Grand Rapids, and we knew it was tied in with Amway. But today Press business writer Chris Knape blew the lid off the story. I'm just bummed it broke today, when many people are still out of town for Spring Break or at home sick from eating a Fifth Third Burger on Thursday night at the West Michigan Whitecaps home opener. (A total of 107 people purchased the 4,800-calorie burger; an astonishing 17 of them finished them. I also know of at least one person who is a vegetarian and asked for the very first Tofu Fifth Third Burger -- yuck!).
Getting back to the Amway Bash ...
According to the story, about 1,400 of the company's top-level executives and distributors will be invited.
Marsalis will perform May 21 at downtown's DeVos Performance Hall, followed by a fireworks display over the Grand River.
Rimes will headline country night May 22 at the Amway Grand Plaza Hotel.
And the biggie -- Sting will perform May 24 at the very intimate Frederik Meijer Gardens & Sculpture Park amphitheater, which fits about 1,700 fans.
As for AC/DC, tickets for "Black Ice" tour go on sale 10 a.m. Saturday for many dates, including a show Aug. 18 in Grand Rapids at Van Andel Arena. Tickets are $92; call 1-800-745-3000. The band is also scheduled to perform Aug. 16 at The Palace of Auburn Hills.Hey everyone,I am hosted with HostGator shared and am trying to add a subdomain to my account. I create the subdomain in cPanel and go to my URL, however it says "Server not found" from my browser. When I view it from my iPhone (connected to WiFi) it shows the site fine. I have tried clearing my desktop's browser cache, tried a different desktop browser, as well as tried a DNS flush in OSX Mountain Lion..
Terminal: dscacheutil -flushcache
And none of these seem to resolve the problem. I am still faced with the "Server not found" message from the browser.Any idea what is happening here and how it can be resolved? Odd that the WiFi will work for my phone (same IP from the ISP I would think?) but it won't work from my ethernet connection on the desktop?
It has been an issue that has been bugging me for a while.Thanks very much!
rev,
I've never experienced ANY delay in the access to a subdomain (created via cPanel) so I'm at a loss. Your browser shouldn't have to clear cache for a first-time connection to any host but your wifi has access? That would suggest that your subdomain's subdirectory contains an .htaccess which is prohibiting access (unless via cellphone) but that would not account for the "Server not found" response.
Troubleshooting, I'd first check the configuration of the subdomain's creation, it's pointer (DocumentRoot is normally a subdomain-named subdirectory of the main domain) and any configuration within the .htaccess of the subdomain. If that's not the problem, then a ticket to HostGator seems to be in order.
Regards,
DK
What happens if you try a different browser on your machine?
Hi,
What happens if you run a PING or NSLOOKUP (in your command line). Do you get a response when using the ping? If not, try
nslookup subdomain.domain.com
. If you don't get a result then it is quite possible that you have a hosts file on your computer that is getting in the way.
The other-thing is your desktop connected to a firewall that caches? This could also be Squid. If a firewall caches a low-level domain then when your browser searches for the domain the firewall might answer "I found the main domain, so serve back that the sub-domain is not here", this would not query an outside DNS so it would fail there. Normally the browser will give you some feedback as to no connection or the server answered but the requested resource does not exist. Pay close attention to the message you get on your browser if it tells you what server answered this.
Steve
This topic is now archived. It is frozen and cannot be changed in any way.Tech Bling: 10 Flashy, Fashionable (and Functional) Gadgets
7. iLuv i83 Crystal In-ear Earphones Thankfully, you don't have to be Paris Hilton to afford these i83 Crystal In-ear Earphones from iLuv. Available in black, silver, gold, and pink, these earphones are decorated with sparkling crystals and feature inline volume control to listen to any portable audio device. Get your ear bling on the cheap for $39.99.
7 / 10
Rlg Communications limited have got jokes. These guys claim to have assembled a tab[let] called FUSION TAB; which is a good idea for a Ghanaian company. Strangely, none of their technicians seem to understand how their own product functions.
The Fusion Tab works on both CDMA (provided by Expresso/Kasapa) and GSM (provided by Vodafone, Airtel, Glo, tiGo, MTN). The CDMA section is build to run on a slower 1X or a faster 3G/EVDO internet. The GSM section runs on EDGE only (Even though their own manual which is full of spelling mistakes promises GSM 3G). From my lay man's understanding 4G>3.5G>3G/EVDO>EDGE/1X in terms of internet speed.
It means if you live in a community where KASAPA doesn't provide you with their 3G/EVDO service, but the GSM providers give you 3G-4G service you are stuck to GSM EDGE or CDMA 1X.
In sum, to use RLG Fusion Tab for good internet activity, you are forced to subscribe to CDMA (Expresso/Kasapa) services in addition to living in a community where your CDMA service provider offers fast internet (3G/EVDO).
Sadly, no RLG staff will warn you about these options prior to purchasing this product. Worse, none of their staff appear to be able to wrap their minds around this simple problem when you report it. Their only solution to this problem is to fidget with the gadget in annoying pretence and waste the customers time only to later tell you that if you MOVE IT AROUND, you will PROBABLY get access to the 3G service of the GSM section...complete rip off!
I will advice that no one wastes his money on this RLG Fusion Tab until they upgrade the GSM section.Is this how Microsoft plans to challenge Google’s Chromebook?
Why.Note.
Step 1: Parts List
-
- A drill of some sort
- tape measure (a ruler will also work)
- 2 pairs of pliers
- flat head screwdriver
Step 3: Prepare tripod segment
Step 4: Build the wheels
Step 8: The video version (with test footage)
If you like this project, come visit The Frugal Filmmaker for more!
Thank you very much for the tutorial, I finally did one motor.
Annex photo and video link
ppsailor
like attachin' some servos or brushless motors..?High School Sports
Boys Basketball
- News
- Scores & Schedule
- Photos
- Standings
- Rankings
- Leaders
- Honors
- Roster
- Stats
Friday, Dec. 30, 2011
Friday, Dec. 30, 2011 | Palm Desert Tournament | Played at Palm Springs, Calif.
Pleasant Grove
Conoga Park, Calif.
63
36
Final
Pleasant Grove totals
Field goals: 25 Free-throws: 7 -14 (50.0%)
Conoga Park, Calif. totals
Pleasant Grove torched Conoga Park in the Palm Desert Tournament. Alan Hamson led three Pleasant Grove players in double figuresAnother Dose of Remicade
Last week, Adela got her next dose of Remicade, the medicine that helps keep her Crohn’s in check. We actually were supposed to get it last Tuesday, but after getting to the hospital, the nurse and the doctor decided Adela needed to wait for a few days because of a cough she had. It was very frustrating, but we understand why we needed to wait. As they explained it, Remicade suppresses the immune system and if Adela’s developing a cold, you don’t want to mess with the immune system. It was just a little frustrating since Adela tends to get anxious about going in and getting the IV and we had been working up to the appointment for a week getting her ready for it. Plus, I’ve taken the day off work and we’ve canceled the sitter for the afternoon. So, we rescheduled for Friday and, while her cough wasn’t much better, it wasn’t much worse either. That, combined with the fact that she was prescribed some antibiotics just in case it turned out to be something, satisfied the doctor enough to go ahead with the infusion.
Despite all the scheduling issues, the Remicade really does wonders for her. We’ve stopped the secondary medication that we started last time (6-MP) because we’re convinced that it’s what caused the pancreatitis. It’s a known, yet rare, side effect of 6-MP and the description of the onset of symptoms fit Adela’s symptoms to a tee. I don’t think the doctor is convinced, but we told her that we wanted to try Adela off the 6-MP for an infusion or two since they’re giving her the Remicade at a higher dose now.
From a family fun perspective, Adela is really enjoying the warmer weather and enjoys getting outside to play. We’re going to finish off the backyard project we started last year so she’ll have a nice place to play. We unfortunately had to say “bye-bye” to her cousins who have just moved to American Samoa since their daddy (Mommy’s brother) took a job as a park ranger there. Adela enjoyed the few play dates they had together and I think she’ll enjoy it even more when they’re older.Innovative Solutions
Custom tailored service for your community
On June 8, 2014 demonstration Route 425 began serving Puyallup. The Puyallup connectors are visually distinct 25-foot vehicles, with artwork and graphics that reflect the unique history of the City of Puyallup. Hop on board, everyone can ride the Puyallup Connector!
Route 425, the Puyallup Connector, is operating as a one year demonstration from June 8, 2014 to June 6, 2015. On March 9th, the Pierce Transit Board of Commissioners will evaluate the ridership and effectiveness of the route to determine if it should be made a permanent route.
An important part of the demonstration process is to listen to community input. Join us and let your voice be heard!
About Demonstration Route 425
Puyallup Community Connector service conects residents in Puyallup with shopping, recreation, local events, and medical facilities in Downtown Puyallup and South Hill.
Connections to local service
Route 425 provides connections to routes 400, 402, 409, 410, 495, and 503.
Connections to key Puyallup community destinations
- Puyallup Sounder Station
- Puyallup Public Library
- Puyallup City Hall
- Good Samaritan Hospital
- Washington State Fair
- Wildwood Park
- Senior Housing Assistance Center
- Group Health Medical Center
- YMCA
Title VI Analysis
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, or national origin. As required by the Federal Transportation Administration and Pierce Transit’s Major Service Change Policy, staff completed a Title VI Service Equity Analysis for the Puyallup Connector Demonstration Route 425 in January 2015. Staff identified no disparate impact for minority populations and no disproportionate burden impact for low-income populations for Route 425. For more details see the full report by CLICKING HERE.
FaresFares for the demonstration service are the same as local fares enjoyed by all Pierce Transit riders--- $2.00 adult fare or $0.75 discounted and youth fare. Passengers can also take advantage of PT’s Weekend All-Day Pass.
InputPierce Transit will collect public feedback on demonstration service prior to a February 9, 2015 Public Hearing.
Let us know how it's working for you!
For more information
Tina Lee, Service Innovation Administrator
tlee@piercetransit.org
253.589.6887
PO Box 99070 | Lakewood, WA 98496Gresh & Zo: How Could The Patriots Attack Jets New Look?
July 27, 2011 11:10)
According to the NFL Network, the talks of Nnamdi Asomugha joining Darrelle Revis in the New York Jets secondary is “serious”. Gresh & Zo discussed the possibility of that dream tandem being put together and how the Patriots could attack that Jets defense.
Gresh And Zo: How Could The Patriots Attack New Look Jets?Raising bilingual children — how?
In a world that is increasingly globally connected, being bilingual offers a distinct advantage. Parents who speak more than one language fluently are absolutely right when they decide they are going to pass that knowledge onto their children. But how do you go about raising fluently bilingual children? What are the challenges you can expect?
I am both a mother raising my children trilingually, and a person who grew up bilingually. The biggest advantage that a bilingual upbringing offered me is being able to learn new languages very quickly. On the other hand, I also have to admit that my multicultural background and abundance of international travel left me with some handicaps — I am a foreigner everywhere I go, and I am an “accent chameleon”. That means I automatically assimilate the accent of the person I’m talking to, even when I try really hard not to. I’ll have a Cockney accent when talking to someone from London, and an Indian accent when talking to someone from India for instance. To an extent, I sacrificed being completely fluent in any one language for the ability to speak five “proficiently”.
The obvious benefits of raising children with several languages are, for many parents:
- Passing on part of their heritage through their language, and offering a tangible connection to a specific country or people.
- Children being able to communicate with friends and relatives.
- Increasing employment opportunities for their children later in life.
- Children acquire the ability to “pick up” other languages easily.
- Raising global citizens.
Most bilingual parents use the OPOL (One parent, one language) method to ensure fluency in their children. This is not always possible or practical for whatever reason, and it’s certainly possible to adopt other systems too. Some possibilities are speaking one language outside of the home, and one at home, or even speaking one language part of the day, and then switching. Whatever you choose, consistency is essential. The more exposure a child has to a language, the more proficient she will be. It’s important to encourage speech, and not just a passive understanding of a language. Children who refuse to speak a language they do understand can be helped to overcome this hurdle through either traveling to the country where the language is spoken, or by conversing with people who don’t speak the child’s preferred language.
For us, speaking three languages hasn’t been as straight forward as I initially thought, but I am certain we made the right choice. My children are fluent (for their age levels, they couldn’t write scientific papers :)) in three languages. They are comfortable conversing with anyone in any of those languages, but they do have slightly “funny” accents in all of them. That probably comes from me. Now that my oldest child is reading, I have to say that I noticed learning to read and write in several languages is a big obstacle. I am sure that she will get it eventually, but it’s not always easy. When I see how happy friends and relatives are to receive messages from my daughter in a language they can understand, however, I know all the effort is definitely worth it.Difference between revisions of "Summit 2011 Committee"
From OWASP
Revision as of 19:01, 7 January 2011
Mailing List
Summit Committee
- Chair & OWASP Board representative: Dinis Cruz @
- Co-Chair: Jason Li @
- Logistical Support: Sarah Baso @
- Lorna Alamri
- Brad Causey
- Justin Clarke
- Martin Knobloch
- John Wilander.
- Tom Brennan
Summit Internals
If you want to help with the Summit organization (or want to take a look at what is happening behind the scenes), the Summit 2011 Internals page contains the latest information and linksThis Week In Doctor Who Western Hemisphere - April 18, 2009
Expand Messages
- This Week In Doctor Who Western Hemisphere
April 18, 2009 - Vol 1, No 16
The Guide to North and South American Doctor Who TV Listings
by Benjamin F. Elliott
WILL 12 Urbana, IL will reveal to US Doctor Who fans tomorrow if BBC Worldwide Americas sold the public TV stations the full 51 minute version of Last Of The Time Lords. Tomorrow (April 19th) is WILL's first airing of the episode. What worries me is that the run time listed at some stations is just under 47 minutes long, which if true would mean this is an edited version. On the other hand, this is BBC Worldwide Americas, who do not have a good record of accuracy. How many of us got incomplete recordings of Doctor Who movie versions in the 1980s/1990s because stations had the wrong running times. The movie of The Two Doctors was 2 hours, 13 minutes, not 2 hours, 5 minutes as appeared for well over a decade. Point is, without any insiders giving out information we are in the dark till the episode airs. Tomorrow it airs. Someone will see it and report. We will know.
PLEASE please do not let friends get mad at the PBS stations if they have the incomplete version of Last Of The Time Lords. Whatever version they have is probably the only one offered. *If* it turns out to be the shortened one, it would be a good idea to tell the stations that have bought Series 3 in case there is any chance they can ask BBC Worldwide Americas for the full 51 minute version instead. Just make sure the station knows that you know - it is not their fault. And if it is the right version, I'm sure the stations would like a happy e-mail.
BBC America revised their schedule multiple times this week. When the dust settled (the second time), there was a bit more Doctor Who on the lineup. Starting tonight, Doctor Who is now in a 2 hour block at 6 and 7PM Eastern (3 and 4PM Pacific). The 6PM episode is last week's 7PM episode. So, miss the 7PM one week, you can catch up the next. When both parts of a 2 part story wind up in this block (like tonight), BBC America is substituting their movie edits of the story. So tonight, a 2 hour movie of Sontaran Stratagem/Poison Sky. If you just wanted The Poison Sky, tune in 6PM next Saturday.
KUED starts Series 3 episodes tonight. KLRU gets to them this Thursday the 23rd. (already running)
WTTW 11 Chicago, IL (expected July/August 2009)
WGVU/WGVK 35,52 Grand Rapids/Kalamazoo, MI (already running)
WILL 12 Urbana, IL (already running)
WTVP 47 Peoria, IL (already running)
Iowa Public TV (already running)
Idaho Public TV (already running)
Milwaukee Public TV (already running)
KUED 7 Salt Lake City, UT (starts April 18)
OETA Oklahoma (already running)
KLRU 18 Austin, TX (starts April 23)
Alaska Public TV (already running)). KBTC 28 Tacoma, WA and WHRO 15 Norfolk, VA are airing Tom Baker episodes. Neither station has New Who Series rights. customers are not noticing the change. Satellite customers who get their local channels on the satellite service are not noticing the change.-04 "Daleks In Manhattan" pt 1 of 2
Late 29 April 4AM, 30 April 4PM 3-05 "Evolution Of The Daleks" pt 2 of 2
BBC Entertainment
Saturday 6AM 1-05 "World War Three" pt 2 of 2
Saturday 7AM 1-06 "Dalek"
Saturday 8AM 1-07 "The Long Game"
Saturday 9AM 1-08 "Father's Day"
Saturday 10AM 1-09 "The Empty Child" pt 1 of 2
Saturday 11AM 1-10 "The Doctor Dances" pt 2 of 2
Saturday Noon 1-11 "Boom Town"
Saturday 1PM and 9PM 1-12 "Bad Wolf" pt 1 of 2
Saturday 10PM, Sunday 5AM 1-13 "The Parting Of The Ways" pt 2 of 2
Late Friday 1AM, 25 April 10PM, 26 April 5AM 2-00 "The Christmas Invasion"
2 May 6PM and 4AM 1-01 "Rose"
CANADA:
Ztele
Episodes dubbed in French. Series 4 premiere.
Monday 5PM EDT 4-01 "Le Retour de Donna Noble" (Partners In Crime)
Tuesday 9PM, Wednesday 2PM and 10PM, 27 April 5PM EDT 4-02 "La Chute de Pompei" (The Fires Of Pompeii)
21 April 9PM, 22 April 2PM and 10PM, 3 May 5PM EDT 4-03 "Le chant des Ood" (Planet Of The Ood)
SPACE
SPACE has bought the 2009 Specials and Series 5. New home for new Who in Canada!
20 June 9:30PM EDT 4-15 "Planet Of The Dead" (Canadian premiere!)
CBC Bold TV
16:9 widescreen digital, 16:9 letterbox analog "The Planet Of The Doctor" exclusive CBC.CA documentary. 6 regular episodes and 1 special. Approximately 90 minutes.
Wednesday 8PM, 12:30AM, and 3AM EDT 1-02 "The End Of The World"
29 April 8PM, 12:30AM, and 3AM EDT 1-03 "The Unquiet Dead"
USA:-01 "Partners In Crime"
1 May 5AM EDT/PDT 4-02 "The Fires Of Pompeii"
4 May 8AM EDT/PDT 2-04 "The Girl In The Fireplace"
4 May 9AM EDT/PDT 2-07 "The Idiot's Lantern"
4 May 10AM EDT/PDT 2-08 "The Impossible Planet" pt 1 of 2
4 May 11AM EDT/PDT 2-09 "The Satan Pit" pt 2 of 2
4 May Noon EDT/PDT 2-10 "Love And Monsters"
4 May 1PM EDT/PDT 2-11 "Fear Her"
4 May 2PM EDT/PDT 2-12 "Army Of Ghosts" pt 1 of 2
4 May 3PM EDT/PDT 2-13 "Doomsday" pt 2 of 2
8 May 5AM EDT/PDT 4-03 "Planet Of The Ood"
15 May 5AM EDT/PDT 4-04 "The Sontaran Stratagem" pt 1 of 2
22 May 5AM EDT/PDT 4-05 "The Poison Sky" pt 2 of 2
29 May 5AM EDT/PDT 4-06 "The Doctor's Daughter"
5 June 5AM EDT/PDT
12 June 5AM EDT/PDT
16 June 8AM EDT/PDT "Daytime Rotation - 8 Series 1 Episodes)
BBC America
DirecTV 264 Dish 135,879
HD version of channel coming in 2009.
See Torchwood This Week for BBC America's Torchwood schedule.
Series 4 on BBC America:
Saturday 6PM EDT/3PM PDT 4-04/4-05 "The Sontaran Stratagem/The Poison Sky" movie version
25 April 6PM EDT/3PM PDT 4-05 "The Poison Sky" pt 2 of 2
25 April 7PM EDT/4PM PDT 4-06 "The Doctor's Daughter"
It is expected that the 6PM encores of the previous week's episode will continue into May, but they have not appeared on the schedule yet.
2 May 7PM EDT/4PM PDT 4-07 "The Unicorn And The Wasp"
9 May 7PM EDT/4PM PDT 4-08 "Silence In The Library" pt 1 of 2
16 May 7PM EDT/4PM PDT 4-09 "Forest Of The Dead" pt 2 of 2
23 May 7PM EDT/4PM PDT 4-10 "Midnight"
BBC America is saying in e-mail responses to fan queries that the full length version of Journey's End will air in June (date TBA). The February version was a 45 to 46 minute cutdown version of the original 63 minuteXXI Rochester, NY
analog 21 digital .1 - digital only 6/12/09
Rochester DirecTV 21 DirecTVHD 21
Rochester Dish 21,7640
Series 3 - 1st Cycle:
Saturday 11PM EDT 3-12 "The Sound Of Drums" pt 2 of 3
25 April 11PM EDT 3-13 "Last Of The Time Lords" pt 3 of 3
2 May 11PM EDT episode unknown
WXXI has the right to air 2 more cycles of Series 2 before March 31, 2010.
WGVU-DT/WGVK-DT 35.1, 52.1 Grand Rapids/Kalamazoo, MI
Grand Rapids, MI DirecTV 35
Grand Rapids, MI Dish 35,8716
Series 3 - 1st Cycle:
Saturday 5PM EDT 3-10 "Blink"
Saturday 5:45PM EDT DWC 3-10 "Do You Remember The First Time?"
Thursday 11PM, 25 April 5PM EDT 3-11 "Utopia" pt 1 of 3
Thursday 11:45PM, 25 April 5:45PM EDT DWC 3-11 "'Ello 'Ello 'Ello"
30 April 11PM, 2 May 5PM EDT 3-12 "The Sound Of Drums" pt 2 of 3
30 April 11:45PM, 2 May 5:45PM EDT DWC 3-12 "The Saxon Mystery"
7 May 11PM, 9 May 5PM EDT 3-13 "Last Of The Time Lords" pt 3 of 3
7 May 11:47PM, 9 May 5:47PM EDT DWC 3-13 "The Valiant Quest" (I hope this starts later. The listed run time of Last Of The Time Lords is 46 minutes, 44 seconds, which would indicate the edited International Version - plus another 2 minutes. Sometimes these run times are wrong. Still hoping against hope that Last is the full version and this DWC starts later.)
14 May 10:58PM, 16 May 5PM EDT 3-00 "The Runaway Bride" (2nd Cycle begins)
21 May 11PM EDT 3-01 "Smith And Jones"
21 May 11:45PM EDT DWC 3-01 "Meet Martha Jones"
WGVU/WGVK has the right to air Series 2 two more times before March 31, 2010.
WILL Champaign/Urbana, IL
analog 12 digital .1 - digital only 6/12/09
Champaign DirecTV 12
Chicago Dish 12,7407
Peoria, IL - cable station
Series 3 - 1st Cycle/Series 2 - 2nd Cycle Resumes:
Saturday 10:30PM CDT 3-12 "The Sound Of Drums" pt 2 of 3
Saturday 11:17PM CDT DWC 3-12 "The Saxon Mystery"
Sunday 6PM, 25 April 10:30PM CDT 3-13 "Last Of The Time Lords" pt 3 of 3 (not known if the full 51 minute episode is being supplied to stations or if they only have the 45 minute version. I'm hoping they were given the 51 minute one.)
Sunday 6:47?PM, 25 April 11:17?PM CDT DWC 3-13 "The Valiant Quest" (start time depends on if the full version of the Doctor Who episode was sold to stations or not)
26 April 6PM CDT 2-08 "The Impossible Planet" pt 1 of 2 (3rd Cycle of Series 2 resumes)
26 April 6:46PM CDT DWC 2-08 "You've Got The Look"
Milwaukee Public TV
analog 10 digital .1 - digital only 6/12/09
Milwaukee DirecTV 10,946
Milwaukee Dish 10,7076
Series 3 - 1st Cycle:
Saturday 11PM CDT 3-08 "Human Nature" pt 1 of 2
Saturday 11:45PM CDT DWC 3-08 "Alter Ego"
25 April and 2 May - pre-empted by Spring Auction
9 May 11PM CDT 3-09 "The Family Of Blood" pt 2 of 2
9 May 11:45PM CDT DWC 3-09 "Bad Blood"
16 May 11PM CDT 3-10 "Blink"
16 May 11:45PM CDT DWC 3-10 "Do You Remember The First Time?"
23 May 11PM CDT 3-11 "Utopia" pt 1 of 3
23 May 11:45PM CDT DWC 3-11 "'Ello 'Ello 'Ello"
30 May - pre-empted by pledge programming
WTVP-DT 47.1 Peoria, IL
Peoria DirecTV 47 DirecTVHD 47
Peoria Dish 47,7756
Series 3 - 1st Cycle:
Saturday 11PM CDT 3-06 "The Lazarus Experiment"
25 April pre-empted by Auction
2 May 11PM CDT 3-07 "42"
WTVP has the right to air Series 2 two more times - 1st Cycle:
Saturday 11:05PM CDT 3-10 "Blink"
Saturday 11:48PM CDT DWC 3-10 "Do You Remember The First Time?"
25 April 11:05PM CDT 3-11 "Utopia" pt 1 of 3
25 April 11:51PM CDT DWC 3-11 "'Ello 'Ello 'Ello"
2 May 11:05PM CDT 3-12 "The Sound Of Drums" pt 2 of 3
2 May 11:??PM CDT DWC 3-12 ?? (several weeks have room for Doctor Who Confidential but do not have it listed in the schedule yet)
9 May 11:05PM CDT 3-13 "Last Of The Time Lords" pt 3 of 3
9 May 11:??PM CDT DWC 3-13 ??
16 May 11PM CDT 3-01 "Smith And Jones" (2nd Cycle begins, new start time?)
16 May 11:??PM CDT DWC 3-01 ??
23 May 11PM CDT 3-02 "The Shakespeare Code"
23 May 11:??PM CDT DWC 3-02 ??
30 May 11PM CDT 3-03 "Gridlock"
30 May 11:45PM CDT DWC 3-03 "Are We There Yet?"
Iowa Public TV has the right to air Series 2 one more time:26PM CDT 3-07 "42"
1 May 10:26PM CDT 3-08 "Human Nature" pt 1 of 2
OETA has the right to 1 more showing of Series 2 before March 31, 2010.
KLRU Austin, TX
analog 18 digital .1 - digital only 4/16/09
Austin DirecTV 18,907
Austin Dish 18,8256
Series 2 - 2nd Cycle/Series 3 - 1st Cycle:
Saturday 11PM CDT 2-13 "Doomsday" pt 2 of 2
Thursday 9:59PM, 25 April 11PM CDT 3-00 "The Runaway Bride" (start of new to KLRU episodes, 61 minutes)
30 April 10PM, 2 May 11PM CDT 3-01 "Smith And Jones"
7 May 10PM, 9 May 11PM CDT 3-02 "The Shakespeare Code"
14 May 10PM, 16 May 11PM CDT 3-03 "Gridlock"
21 May 10PM, 23 May 11PM CDT 3-04 "Daleks In Manhattan" pt 1 of 2
28 May 10PM, 30 May 11PM CDT 3-05 "Evolution Of The Daleks" pt 2 of 2
4 June 10PM, 6 June 11PM CDT 3-06 "The Lazarus Experiment"
KLRU G Austin, TX (Cable)
Late Saturday Midnight CDT 2-13 "Doomsday" pt 2 of 2
episodes airing the same weekend as KLRU
KLRU 2 Austin, TX (Cable)
Wednesday 11PM CDT 2-13 "Doomsday"-00 "The Runaway Bride" (61 minutes, start of new to KUED episodes)
25 April 11PM MDT 3-01 "Smith And Jones"
2 May 11PM MDT 3-02 "The Shakespeare Code"
9 May 11PM MDT 3-03 "Gridlock"
16 May 11PM MDT 3-04 "Daleks In Manhattan" pt 1 of 2
23 May 11PM MDT 3-05 "Evolution Of The Daleks" pt 2 of 2
30 May
KUED has the right to air Series 2 another 2 times before March 31, 2010. - 1st Cycle:
Saturday 11PM MDT/PDT 3-11 "Utopia" pt 1 of 3
Saturday 11:45PM MDT/PDT DWC 3-11 "'Ello 'Ello 'Ello"
25 April 11PM MDT/PDT 3-12 "The Sound Of Drums" pt 2 of 3
25 April 11:45PM MDT/PDT DWC 3-12 "The Saxon Mystery"
2 May 11PM MDT/PDT 3-13 "Last Of The Time Lords" pt 3 of 3 (we don't know if BBC Worldwide Americas is selling the full 51 minute version yet or not, obviously Idaho Public TV will air the version they are given)
9 May 11PM MDT/PDT 3-01 "Smith And Jones" (2nd Cycle begins, Runaway Bride skipped)
9 May 11:45PM MDT/PDT DWC 3-01 "Meet Martha Jones"
16 May 11PM MDT/PDT 3-02 "The Shakespeare Code"
16 May 11:45PM MDT/PDT DWC 3-02 "Stage Fright"
23 May 11PM MDT/PDT 3-03 "Gridlock"
23 May 11:45PM MDT/PDT DWC 3-03 "Are We There Yet?"
30 May 11PM MDT/PDT 3-04 "Daleks In Manhattan" pt 1 of 2
30 May."
Idaho Public TV-05 "Evolution Of The Daleks" pt 2 of 2
Sunday 11:47PM, Thursday 8:47PM and 2:47AM DWC 3-05 "Making Manhattan"
26 April 11PM, 30 April 8PM and 2AM 3-06 "The Lazarus Experiment"
26 April 11:45PM, 30 April 8:45PM and 2:45AM DWC 3-06 "Monsters Inc."
3 May 11PM 3-07 "42"
3 May 11:45PM DWC 3-07 "Spacecraft"
Alaska One has the right to air Series 2 another 2 times before March 31, 2010.
Repeats:
WSKG/WSKA-DT Binghamton/Elmira, NY
analog 46 digital 46.1, 30.1 - digital only Early May 2009
Series 2 - 2nd Cycle:
Saturday 11PM EDT 2-08 "The Impossible Planet" pt 1 of 2
Saturday 11:46PM EDT DWC 2-08 "You've Got The Look"
25 April 11PM EDT 2-09 "The Satan Pit" pt 2 of 2
25 April 11:47PM EDT DWC 2-09 "Myths, Heroes, and Legends"
2 May 11PM EDT 2-10 "Love And Monsters"
2 May 11:45PM EDT DWC 2-10 "The New World Of Doctor Who"
WSKG already did a 3rd Cycle on their .2 station.
WHRO-DT 15.1 Norfolk, VA
Norfolk DirecTV 15 DirecTVHD 15
Norfolk Dish 15,7295
Saturday 11:43PM and 4:28AM EDT "Robot" pt 1 of 4 (repeats after just 46 episodes???)
Classic Season 12, Episode 1. Doctor: Tom Baker.
25 April 11:33PM and 4:33AM EDT "Robot" pt 2
2 May 11:34PM and 4:34AM EDT "Robot" pt 3
9 May 11:35PM and 4:35AM EDT "Robot" pt 4
16 May 11:41PM and 4:44AM EDT "Robot" pt 4 (I'm pretty sure there are only 4 parts in Robot, WHRO)
23 May 11:43PM and 4:49AM EDT "The Ark In Space" pt 1 of 4
30 May - pre-empted by pledge programming
UNC-ED North Carolina
Digital Cable Channel from public broadcaster UNC. Not available over the air or on satellite.
Series 2 - UNC's 3rd Cycle:
30 April 8PM EDT 2-00 "The Christmas Invasion"
West Virginia Public TV-DT 33.1, 24.1, 42.1, 9.1
Charleston DirecTV 33
Charleston Dish 33,7321
Clarksburg DirecTV 24
Clarksburg Dish 24,7915
Series 2 - 2nd Cycle:
Thursday 10PM EDT 2-11 "Fear Her"
30 April 10PM EDT 2-12 "Army Of Ghosts" pt 1 of 2
WTTW Chicago, IL
analog 11 digital .1 - digital only 6/12/09
Chicago DirecTV 11,965 DirecTVHD 11
Chicago Dish 11,8496
Rockford, IL - cable station only
Series 2 - 3rd Cycle:
Sunday 11PM, Late Friday 3AM CDT 2-01 "New Earth"
Sunday 11:45PM, Late Friday 3:45AM CDT DWC 2-01 "New New Doctor"
26 April 11PM, Late 1 May 3AM CDT 2-02 "Tooth And Claw"
26 April 11:45PM, Late 1 May 3:45AM CDT DWC 2-02 "Fear Factor"
3 May 11PM CDT 2-03 "School Reunion"
3 May 11:45PM CDT DWC 2-03 "Friends Reunited"
It is believed that WTTW will begin airing Series 3 in July/August when the Series 2 repeat run concludes.
Wisconsin Public TV 28.1, 38.1, 21.1, 31.1, 20.1
(Wisconsin Public TV already went all-digital) - 2nd Cycle:
Saturday 8:40PM CDT 2-09 "The Satan Pit" pt 2 of 2
25 April 8:40PM CDT 2-10 "Love And Monsters"
2 May 8:40PM CDT 2-11 "Fear Her"
Ozark Public TV 21.1, 26.1 Springfield/Joplin, MO
Springfield DirecTV 21
Springfield Dish 21,7226
Joplin Dish 26,7873
Series 2 - 3rd Cycle:
Saturday 9:30PM CDT 2-04 "The Girl In The Fireplace"
25 April 9:30PM CDT 2-05 "Rise Of The Cybermen" pt 1 of 2
2 May 9:30PM CDT 2-06 "The Age Of Steel" pt 2 of 2:
Late Saturday Midnight CDT 2-08 "The Impossible Planet" pt 1 of 2
Late Saturday 12:46AM CDT DWC 2-08 "You've Got The Look"
Late 25 April Midnight CDT 2-09 "The Satan Pit" pt 2 of 2
Late 25 April 12:47AM CDT DWC 2-09 "Myths, Heroes, and Legends"
Late 2 May Midnight CDT 2-10 "Love And Monsters"
Late 2 May 12:45AM CDT DWC 2-10 "The New World Of Doctor Who"
KBTC/KCKA/K65BU Tacoma/Centralia/Gray's River, WA
analog 28, 15, 65 digital .1 - digital only 6/12/09
Seattle DirecTV 28,970
Seattle Dish 28,8620
Saturday 7PM and Midnight PDT "Logopolis" pts 3 and 4 of 4
Classic Season 18, Episodes 27 through 28. Doctor: Tom Baker.
25 April 7PM and Midnight PDT "Castrovalva" pts 1 and 2 (hello Peter Davison as the 5th Doctor)
2 May 7PM and Midnight PDT "Castrovalva" pts 3 and 4:
Sunday 5:47PM PDT DWC 2-10 "The New World Of Doctor Who"
Monday 8:47PM and 2:47AM PDT DWC 2-11 "The Fright Stuff"
Friday 11PM and 5AM PDT 2-07 "The Idiot's Lantern"
Friday 11:45PM and 5:45AM, 27 April 10:45PM and 4:45AM PDT DWC 2-07 "The Writer's Tale"
27 April 8:47PM and 2:47AM PDT DWC 2-12 "Welcome To Torchwood"
1 May 11PM and 5AM PDT 2-08 "The Impossible Planet" pt 1 of 2
1 May 11:46PM and 5:46AM PDT DWC 2-08 "You've Got The Look"
Visit their blog site linked above for information on their YouTube competition and the grand prize of hosting a Doctor Who marathon!!!
KVCR San Bernadino, CA
analog 24 digital .1 - digital only 6/12/09
Los Angeles DirecTV 24
Los Angeles Dish 24,8014
Series 2 - 2nd Cycle:
Sunday 10PM PDT 2-12 "Army Of Ghosts" pt 1 of 2
26 April 10PM PDT 2-13 "Doomsday" pt 2 of 2
While KVCR's main viewing area is east of the Los Angeles area, it is considered in the LA Designated Market Area and both satellite services carry it as a Los Angeles local station. At this time KVCR has rights to Series 2, but not The Christmas Invasion or Series 3.
Thanks for reading. Until next week, take care.
Doctor Who is a BBC Trademark. Copyright 2009.
Your message has been successfully submitted and would be delivered to recipients shortly.BWTHYN CAERFFYNNON, pet friendly, character holiday cottage, with a garden in Dyffryn Ardudwy, Ref 8693
From $428 / week
Description from the manager
- House
- 1 bedrooms
- 1 bathrooms
- Sleeps 2
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sleeps: 2
Type: HouseBWTHYN CAERFFYNNON, pet friendly, character holiday cottage, with a garden in Dyffryn Ardudwy, Ref 8693
Description from the manager
Vacation
Rental
This stone-built, semi-detached cottage is in a rural location, close to the towns of Harlech and Barmouth in North Wales and sleeps two people in one bedroom.- Courtesy Fox TV
- It may be Alcatraz but it's filmed in Vancouver..
For city officials trying to revive San Francisco’s film industry, the location slight is disappointing, but all too common. Productions often choose to fake it, to the detriment of the once-thriving industry.
“I’m very disappointed they didn’t film the whole series in San Francisco,” said San Francisco Film Commission Executive Director Susannah Robbins. “I had many conversations with them about our rebate program and the possibility of building the sets at Treasure Island, where the rent would have been fully rebateable. But the feedback I got was that due to the huge tax incentives offered in British Columbia, it was cheaper to film it there.”
And a lack of those “huge tax incentives,” such as the 33 percent credit for productions in British Columbia, is what’s blamed for San Francisco’s film industry failing after it peaked in 1999. In 2000, there were 2,263 film industry jobs, which declined to 1,164 by 2006. During that time, there was a loss of more than $123 million in spending and $8.4 million in tax revenue, according to a Film Commission report.
In 2006, a film rebate program was created in an effort to attract more productions, and since then signs of life have emerged.
But while “Alcatraz” remains on the air even as its ratings decline, it’s a painful reminder of all San Francisco is missing — the jobs, the millions in local spending, the excitement of filmmaking.
Robbins said the production is expected to return to The City next month for more filming, “as not everything can be faked in Vancouver.”
Warner Bros., which produces the series, declined to comment on its choice of production cities.
The last show to be filmed in The City was “Trauma.” In 2009, NBC based it here, with post-production work on Treasure Island, and it showed how such a production can boost the economy. But “Trauma” was short-lived — the 18th and final episode aired in April 2010.
All told, the production spent $20.9 million locally, hired 305 residents as part of its cast and crew, and employed 1,182 residents as background actors for a few days each.
Rebates trying to keep The City in the frame
On set in The City
Film productions based in San Francisco using rebate program since 2006:
Production value
Declining film industry between 2001-06
1,099 Film industry jobs lost
$123M Spending activity lost
$8.4M Loss in tax revenue
Filming activity
2005: 802 shooting days
2009: 645 shooting days
2011: 945 shooting daysFamily tree▼
Marriage 11 January 1944 (License No. 15811 issued 10 January 1944, Clear Lake, Skagit County, WashingtonGordon Knott andAda A. Hansen, resident 1005 E. Warren, age 32, divorced (one previous marriage), b. Buckley, Clark County, Washington, daughter of Louis Schrindell and Anna Ha[e]hler
Note: Buckley is in Pierce, not Clark, County
Luderman, Carl, head, owns home value of $5000, has radio, 68, married age 23, b. NY, both parents b. Germany, commercial trader, shoes, not a vet, Callie, wife, 69, married age 24, b. CA, fa b. Scotland, mo b. NYSchriendl, Ada, servant, 19, single, b. WA, both parents b. Germany, servant private family
Schreindl, Louis, head owns farm with mtg, 46, married, immigrated 1905, Naturalized 1912, b. Germany, both parents b. Germany, laborer Bolt camp, Anna, wife, 39, b. Germany, both parents b. Germany, does not speak English,, Carrie, dau, 13, b. WA, Mary, dau, 12, b. WA, Louis, son, 11, b. WA, Ida, dau, 8, b. WA, Joseph, son, 6, b. WA, Harry, son, 4, b. WA, Alfred, son, 2 yr 4 mon, b. WAAndy Fastow was moved (again) from Colorado to Louisiana. I don’t know why yet. I’m curious about the move because according to his original timeline, he would have been moved to a halfway house by now. Since he was taken out of RDAP, that timeline doesn’t work anymore.
A few people I’ve spoken to about prison assure me that the BOP is first and foremost lazy, and secondly cruel. So whatever the reason behind the move, we can be assured it wasn’t because anything Andy requested.
UPDATE – 6/27/10
I received an email from someone who would know what’s up with Andy. This is what it said:
In all likelihood he was moved to Colorado so he could participate in RDAP since they don’t have a program at Oakdale or at Pollock. Since he was yanked from the program, they probably moved him to make room for another person to attend the RDAP at Florence. There is an obligation on the part of the BoP to try to keep inmates within 500 miles of their home, so that is why they probably moved him back to Louisiana. Why they didn’t move him to Beaumont or Bastrop? Who knows… there was probably available space at Pollock. It also seems that the BoP has it in for certain prisoners and I’m sure Andy falls into that category. They have likely concluded he did not get appropriately punished by the judge, so they will make his life as miserable as possible. Pollock is 250 miles away vs 200 to Oakdale vs 75 to Beaumont (and Beaumont is a much larger camp).The Problem with Self Inserts
There is nothing wrong with inserting yourself into a story. Like anything, it can be well done or... not so well done. The fact is, the majority of people who tend to write about self inserts happen to be beginners. Naturally, that causes there to be a pattern of certain, specific mistakes that are frequently found whilst reading anything on the internet. The purpose of this deviation isn't to say that self inserts are bad. I'm simply going to point out the most common mistakes that we usually encounter.
1. Making ourselves better than we really are.
Don't be fooled by the word "better." This can be replaced with mysterious, deep, dark, tragic, romantic, lovable... anything we want. Maybe a mix of a few of those things. The point is, the version of ourselves will be biased.
2. Not making anything bad happen to yourself
Let's talk about the word "bad." Does this mean something, perhaps, like... getting a disease? No. It means anything that interferes with the biased image you want to portray (whatever that might be).
3. Getting big headed
Sometimes people who write about themselves start thinking about themselves waaayyy too much. They even begin to believe their own biased images of themselves (or worse. Think that everyone else falls for it too).
4. Falling into the trap
"I know! I purposely won't make myself perfect. I'll keep saying that I hate myself!"
C.S. Lewis said it the best: “True humility is not thinking less of yourself; it is thinking of yourself less.”
It's not about what you (or your character) would say when asked if they think they're special. "I'm the best!" "I'm the same as anyone else," and "I don't deserve to be here," are all irrelevant, meaningless phrases unless you, as the author, prove it in the way that you PORTRAY the character.
Nobody makes a Mary Sue on purpose. They are all unconscious. How many stories have you actually seen with a stereotypical Mary Sue in a pink princess gown who says, "I'm better than everyone!" and is supposed to be? Give me a big, fat break. Let me make this clear:
NOBODY IN THE WORLD WRITES THAT WAY.
That is a fake, stereotype of Mary Sue made up by dumb people to feel good about themselves for not being like nonexistent even dumber people. The same people who thought they were smart for saying the world wouldn't end in 2012 when NOBODY sincerely believed that.
I'd say 100% of Mary Sues are characters that the author believes is a good character.
But I'll leave it at that since I already have a rant about Mary Sues (see link in description).
EDIT: CLARIFICATION
I'll be honest. Most good characters ARE self-inserts. And this is what I mean by that:
ALL well-written characters we create, inevitably have parts of us inside of them. That is actually HOW characters are well-written: because the author could relate to them and knew what they were talking about.
I know from experience that it's possible to write about characters that are over your head, and that is usually when they are poorly written. When you have a character like this, it's best to try and find a part of them that you can relate to, or at least look to real people so you can do a kind of imitation. Just make them real.
A word of advice: if you don't understand your own character, nobody else is going to. If you can't get into their head, their head will never be worth getting into at all.
I have nothing against self-inserts. I think inserting parts of yourself into characters is actually *necessary* (well, as always, depending on the style of the story. Naturally in a picture book or something it isn't that important. Again, make things deep enough for whatever you're writing). In fact, I think it's your best (probably only) bet at making a good character at all.
I actually am tempted to write such a self-insert, as I feel like that would be a refreshing change from "WATCH ME SAVE DA DAY!!!!1!!!111!" stuff.
(I hope you keep making these)
....I'm not kidding.
I also notice how a lot of people brush off self-inserts as one dimensional female characters in fan fiction, failing to realise that quite a few canon characters across multiple mediums ARE self-inserts.
I liked your guide. It focuses on teaching instead of bashing, which people seem all too eager to do with Self Inserts.
my hand at such work.
On the topic of reader-inserts, as you seem
quite informed of them, can you explain why all
reader-inserts are romantic? Certainly you can
be in the story without it being a love story or
fan-fiction, right?
The way I see it, it's because many newer writers tend to be shippers. That's not to say that experienced ones are not, but it seems to happen to the newer more. It's not just reader and self-inserts either. I've noticed that a lot of stories seem to have romance as the focus, especially when there is shipping involved.
The problem though is like you said. You can be in a story without it being a love story. But a lot of newer writers seem to think that it is necessary. Even in fandoms where it doesn't make a lot of sense.
In the case of reader inserts, I think it is also outright assumed that anyone who looks for those stories are looking to be shipped with someone. So, just about all of them end up romances as a result of this.
I'm not saying that I am 100% right on this, but from what I've seen, that seems to be the case.
Thanks for your answer! It has helped make sense of this matter.
You know, this ties in well with something my sister once said;
"Love is common because it's an easy plot. A little drama, some
unnecessary fluff, throw in a touch of betrayal and BAM! Plot in 5
seconds."
Your sister is right. That isn't to say those stories can't be good if they are written well, but that goes very well with what I said.
...
Though, I'll be honest, one of my first characters WAS like your stereotypical sue, complete with self insertness.
I believe that I shredded the picture with my bare hands and recycled it when I realized what a monstrosity she was.Plus, which celebrity did Donald Trump call a ‘stressed-out bitch?’..
— Andy Swift
Follow @AndySwift
More ‘Celebrity Apprentice’ On HollywoodLife.com:
- ‘Celebrity Apprentice’ Recap: Melania Trump Gets [Spoiler] Fired
- Lisa Rinna Should Join ‘RHOBH,’ Say Donald Trump & Omarosa
- ‘Celebrity Apprentice’ Recap: Claudia Jordan Sets Her Sights On OmarosaAnyone who knows me will be shocked - SHOCKED - that *I* of all people am writing about music. Usually I couldn’t care less about music in anyway, shape or form. Chalk that up to having been married to a composer for 13 less than stellar years, and I dare anyone else to feel differently. And just that fast I've gotten off topic.
Let's get back on track, shall we?
I do happen to love Christmas music. Well, some of it. And that shouldn’t surprise anyone. After all, I can be rather high maintenance from time to time, even though I think I'm low maintenance. (Or something like that.)
Anyway, let’s get specific about Christmas music, shall we? I usually start to listen to holiday music the 1st or 2nd week of November. And no matter how many times I hear certain songs, I could always listen to them again:
White Christmas * Bing Crosby
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer * Gene Autry
Holly Jolly Christmas * Burl Ives
Blue Christmas * Elvis Presley
Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree * Brenda Lee
Hanukkah Song * Adam Sandler
I could go on and on. Anyway, did you notice I didn't just list the song, but included the performer as well? There’s a reason for that.
Repeat after me... "Those songs are taken!"
I don’t want to hear anyone other than Bing Crosby sing White Christmas. I just don’t. That song is spoken for. Gene Autry sings Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer and he’s the only one who should.
I don’t want to hear Britney Spears, Justin Bieber, or Kid Rock sing any of those songs. I just don’t. Not now. Not ever.
These songs are classics. We all know them. We all sing along with… Bing and Gene and Burl. But these songs weren’t classics until these greats sang them (being loose with the term ‘great’ in regards to Adam Sandler – but no one else should sing his Hanukkah Song ever. It’s his! And it’s hilarious.)
I’d love to hear new classic holiday songs come to fruition by contemporary artists, something future generations will look back on with nostalgia. But there’s no reason to reinvent the wheel, no reason to cover these classic songs. They’re perfectly fine the way they are.
What is your favorite holiday song? Do you like to hear covers of the old classics or do you like them the way they are?
I AM shocked that you are writing a blog about music! :-)
I feel the same way about the covers. Don't mess with perfection, baby.
Love the Hanukkah song!
Exactly, Deb! LOL. A classic is a classic is a classic. Go make your own.
I don't mind other artists singing the covers, but they're all a blast from the past too. Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Nat King Cole... LOVE them! Dean Martin has an alternate version of Let It Snow that I want so bad, but I can't find it.
And then there are the songs that only a choir should sing, like Carol of the Bells, The Little Drummer Boy, and any Handel piece.
But my all time favorite Christmas song is O Holy Night. I don't care who sings it, for the most part as long as they can hit the notes. :)
Sam ~ You're right! Frank and Dean and Nat! Christmas wouldn't be the same without them.
*I* am not a huge choir Christmas song supporter. It always sounds so serious and I prefer a little pep in my Christmas sons. But I'm glad you like them. :)
Love those songs listed too and I agreed. I would also like to add Nat King Cole with THE CHRISTMAS SONG. His voice is just perfect for that song. I love Judy Garland singing HAVE YOURSELF A MERRY LITTLE CHRISTMAS.
Melody ~ You are right! Only Nat King Cole should sing THE CHRISTMAS SONG. :) And Garland's HAVE YOURSELF A MERRY LITTLE CHRISTMAS is pretty great too.
Ava,
Totally agree with you about *those* songs. Hands or rather voices off. Other songs I don't have as much attachment or great memories, I guess, to war with a new version.
Now I'm heading over to You Tube to listen to Adam Sandler's Hanukkah song to get into the Christmas Spirit!
Marquita ~ I knew I could count on you to agree with me on this. :) AND isn't the Hanukkah Song one of THE funniest things EVER?
My hands-down favorite version of any Christmas song is the David Bowie and Bing Crosby collaboration for The Little Drummer Boy. I'm absolutely with you on White Christmas. Leave that one alone, folks!
Hmm...I have a lot of them that I love, but don't really care who is singing them. I just love Christmas music. The Carol of the Bells, Silent Night, Away in a Manger...
But there is another I haven't seen mentioned that I don't want touched by another artist, EVER. And that would be Santa Claus is Coming To Town. I'm sorry, but Bruce Sprintsteen owns that one. Hands off. Leave it alone. No one else will ever top his version in my book.
LOL Cat ~ You are not the first person to mention the David Bowie/Bing Crosby THE LITTLE DRUMMER BOY to me. It is a classic!
The only problem I have with Springsteen's SANTA CLAUS IS COMING TO TOWN is that I heard Bing sing it first. So his version is always in the back of my mind ;)
In fact, I have a whole collection of Bing Christmas songs. I think I could just listen to him. I soo totally adore him. (Even though I heard he wasn't a very good father, but that's another topic for another day.)
I love "Santa Baby" and I love to hear Elvis singing "I'll Have a Blue Christmas Without You." I'm sure they sound like strange choices but they're my favorites.
Connie ~ I think they're awesome choices! I totally forgot about SANTA BABY! Is there anyone in particular you want to sing it?
Hey you guys I like Eartha Kit singing Santa baby
Completely agree, Melody! (In fact, she's the only one who *should* sing it. It's hers. LOL)
I'm with Melody May. Eartha Kit and her sultry voice is probably the only one who should sing it.
I also agree with Catherine about Bing Crosby and David Bowie. I love that song, "Little Drummer Boy", which always brings tears to my eyes, as does "White Christmas". I can't bear to hear anybody else sing it but Bing. Can't stand these "pop singers" trying to knock off the originals.
Diane ~ We are of a mind! Yes these "pop singers" should stop trying to knock off the originals.
OMGorgonzola, Ava! You are the only other person I know of who doesn't care for music! I don't hate music, but I don't want to hear it unless I'm in the car. My hubs love music and could listen to it all the time, but unless I'm driving, I want nothing to do with it! I knew we were kindred spirits. ;]
Andris ~ I had no idea you weren't a big music fan! We are kindred spirits. I can tell you, I am so glad not to be alone anymore. :)
I love music but then again I've been in the symphonic band for fun...it's kinda a requirement that you like music.
My favorites are Do You Hear What I Hear?, Carol of the Bells, and The 12 Pains of Christmas.
And yes, once I find a version I like,it's the only one I want to hear. No one but Burl Ives can sing Silver and Gold. I love the classics and wish people would stop remaking them. They either ruin the speed or the pitch or some other nonsense. Find your own Christmas song to record and leave the good ones alone.
LOL, Beth! I think you're right, liking music probably is a requirement for playing in a symphonic band. :)
Burl Ives *is* the only one who should sing SILVER AND GOLD too.
Nobody beats Bing Crosby with his Christmas songs. Love White Christmas and, Santa Claus is coming to Town and so many more. I hate that new singers redo them, and, a lot of the young folks later think they are the original singers. I have had to remind my daughter of this many times with songs she likes. I miss all of the good Christmas shows we use to have all Christmas month, Like Bing Crosby show, lawrence Welk Christmas show, The Osmonds, and so many more. Now, all we get are movies.
Don't get me wrong, I like movies too, but nothing like those live singing shows on TV.
Maxie ( mac262@me.com )
Maxie ~ I think it's pretty clear Bing is my all time favorite Christmas song singer. :) I can't remember the last time I saw a "live" Christmas show. That definitely feels like a throw back to the good ol' days.News
Amazon Cloud Storage Clone Goes Open Source
Basho Open-Sources Riak CS, Its Big Data Storage Software For Companies That Want Their Own Amazon S3 Cloud
Storage Player Basho Open Sources Riak CS
Basho Announces Open Source Riak CS and General Availability of Riak CS Enterprise v1.3
Free Riak Database Acts Like Depressed Teenager To Assure Data Reliability
February 23, 2013
Basho Technologies Takes Aim At More Enterprises With Upgrades
February 21, 2013.
6 comments:
Yes, those are mine favorite bugfixes / features also, but TDF just isn't interested in making major improvement in that area.
Most of those fixes came from Apache OpenOffice (IBM Symphony). As an LibreOffice supporter I'm happy that LO can import bugfixes from AOO, but I'm sad that TDF isn't making any significant progress in that area.
If you are third player in your field (Office suites - far away 1st is Microsoft with probably 90% users, 2nd AOO based on number of downloads) you can't say "Who gives a damn about other suites native format.".
I read one LO developer said something smilliar and I just can't understand that thinking if you want to gain more users.
I would suggest making one major release, 4.2 for example, just about improving binary MSO and OOXML compatibility.
Wasn't even city of Munich interested in paying 100.000€ just for improving OOXML format compatibility!?
Although I like everyone using ODF instead of all the MS DOCX/PPTX/XLSX, it is of fundamental importance to read and write these formats in an academic or professional environment.
From my experience, the fidelity of OOXML formats is still much worse than for the old binary .doc/.xls/.ppt formats. However, these are disappearing more and more.
Improvements on this area are highly welcome!
@Mikeyy:
I checked again the LibreOffice git log and I cannot confirm your statement that most fixes stem from Apache developers. Yes, there are many, but also many from LibreOffice developers. Hence, I would say, LibreOffice/TDF makes significant progress here.
I agree with you that OOXML support needs to be improved.
By the way, the improvements payed by Munich and other administrations are already largely merged in LO 4.1 and AOO 4.0. This succeeeded and I hope that more authorities/companies/organisations start sponsoring, too.
I agree that DOC/RTF/OOXML compatibility is the key factor to being considered by most ordinary people a true alternative to MS Office.
Another being the load time - I don't know why LO/AOO takes so long to load (is it java?) in comparison to MS Office. At least MSO 2003 edition which I keep using for professional format compatibility and VBA macros sake. The new versions of MS don't really have much new to offer for me (better format support but worse user interface). The new player is Kingsoft Office from China - it is an almost exact lookalike free version of MSO with both classic and ribbon UI.
Every time I see something saying that compatibility with DOC/DOCX has been improved, I get hopeful that a particular nine-year-old bug is finally being squashed:
But no, highlighting will still break in 4.1 when you touch a Word document in Writer per
The amazing improvements to commenting/track changes have addressed one of the major pain points for Writer/Word interchange, but this highlighting issue means trying to work on documents in a mixed environment remains an exercise in frustration.
Here's hoping a patch lands for this issue in 4.2...
@Mikeyy
The statement about OOXML fixes coming mostly from AOO is obviously incorrect. AOO cannot even export to OOXML, so how could possibly a majority of OOXML fixes come from it?I just made reservations to dine at The HerbFarm Restaurant in August. I would like to hear about recent experiences since the new chef (Keith Luce) took over -- overall impressions? worth the money? Any other suggestions for fine dining while in Seattle and nearby environs?
I have been to the Herbfarm several times and have enjoyed it each time. I will say the last time I went was under the new chef and something just seemed a bit off. I am giving it another try as I think they were just working out some kinks with the newbie.
About/Contact CHOW |
Posting Guidelines |
Feedback
CBS Entertainment | About CBS Interactive | Jobs | Advertise
© CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Ad Choice | Terms of UseNexus One Gets The Most Valuable Ad Space In The World
Advertisement
Google's recently released phone, Nexus One, has created quite a stir everywhere. After lots of speculations, it was released today. As if all the Nexus One coverage everywhere isn't enough, Google is going all out to promote it by putting a Nexus One ad in what many considers to be the most valuable adspace in the world - Google's homepage!
This is the first time that Google has put any ad in its homepage after its fading homepage design. A notable thing about the ad is that it does not fade it like many other things in the page but appears on load.
AdvertisementThe other day, my son asked me "Who is Evel Knievel?" I downloaded some video for him to see some of his jumps. It got me thinking, it sounds like a good Halo video opportunity. Everybody is using explosives to gain distance, what about jumps just using the vehicle's power. So without further ado, here is MC attempting to jump the broken bridge on AotCR! I sure hope he makes it. *bites nails*
Broken Bridge Jump
The HBO Forum Archive is maintained with WebBBS 4.33.Midwest Medical Aesthetics
Dysport Injections in One Area at Midwest Medical Aesthetics (50% Off)
Injections of Dysport relax muscles to smooth fine lines and wrinkles for up to four months
Leawood
Select Local Merchants
- Advanced Aesthetics Medical SpaRead MoreAt Skin Clinic, owner Adriane Ritchie.14213 Metcalf AveOverland Park, KS US
- Advanced AestheticsRead MoreThe.14213 Metcalf AveOverland Park, KS US
-
- Reflections Body SolutionsRead MoreDr..7824 W 119
- Quinn Plastic Surgery CenterRead MoreIf.6920 West 121st StreetLeawood, KS USThe logic coming from the left never ceases to amaze me. How did they equate Republicans with terrorists?
The only way I can come up with for now goes like this: A few months ago, a Norwegian, Anders Behring Brevik bombed a Norwegian government building in Oslo, much like the Oklahoma City bomber, but unlike Timothy McVeigh he did not flee, but killed a large number of youth in a social democratic political indoctrination camp, wanting to be captured alive so he could forward his political ideology, documented in a 1500+ page manifesto.
NY Times immediately declared he was a “radical right wing fundamentalist Christian”. In his manifesto he stated he was a culturally conservative agnostic, advocating respect for Norway’s Viking and Christian heritage .
When that didn’t work the Daily Mail (U.K.) noted that he advocated a European version of the Tea Party, which is supported by Sarah Palin.
Here is the logical chain: Anders Brevik is a terrorist. He advocates a Tea Party. Ergo: All tea party supporters are terrorists.
John McCain quoted the Wall street Journal on the Senate floor and called the tea party supporters Hobbits. The thoughts led to the following Limerick:
Terrorist Hobbits from flyover states!
Palin supporters, the left us berates.
Let us pick up the fight.
And so do what is right.
Love one another! The left only hates.Address:1049 Cochrane Rd. Suite 150Morgan Hill, CA 95037
Hours of Operation:10:00 AM - 3:30 PM Sunday 8:00 AM - 9:00 PM Monday-Friday 8:00 AM - 7:00 PM Saturday
(408) 776-3689
In the Morgan Hill Shopping Center at the NEC of Highway 101 and Cochrane Road down from Target
Morgan Hill Morgan Hill Massage Envy
Spa location near you. And remember: Whenever you need a massage,
locations are open 7 days a week, with late night and weekend
hours. Massage Envy Spa is the only place for professional,
affordable and convenient Morgan Hill @mebayarea, and add the hashtags, #FBFdadandme and #mebayarea. We will choose one grand prize winner and one runner-up. You must complete each of the steps above to be eligible to win. Limit one entry per social account. Winner will be announced Monday, June 22, 2015. Grand Prize: Two 1 1/2-hour massages with Deep Muscle Therapy. Runner-Up: Two 1-hour massages. This contest is sponsored by the Bay area region and is not affiliated with the other national/regional social media campaigns for Massage Envy Spa.
Follow Massage Envy of the Bay Area on Facebook to stay up to date on our specials, promotions, health & wellness tips and much more! Just visit
Enhance the benefits of your next Morgan Hill!
Visit Massage Envy of Morgan Hill today for a one-hour massage session and you can add therapeutic AromaTherapy Choices Upgrade for just $10.
Did you love your first massage session with Massage Envy? Keep the relaxation coming with a monthly massage membership. Ask us for details!
We are now hiring for the following positions:
Sign up to receive timely Massage Envy Spa Morgan Hill news and promotions.
ME Blog
As seen on “The Doctors”
Available on iTunes
Android App on Google Play
Download the ME Magazine
We’re Hiring!
YouTube
Explore the benefits to unlocking a more healthy, energetic, and
stress free lifestyle.
of massage therapy
Professionally educated massage therapists who meet all state
and local licensing requirements.For businesses to join your association, they must believe they are going to gain a certain amount of benefits or return on their investment. Each year when they are up for renewal, they will re-evaluate if your organization has delivered enough value for them to continue supporting your organization.
While some members join because they feel as though there is no other option in order to gain the benefits they want, others require a level of integrity that you will deliver on your promise. For more information on why members join, see our post on the Three Types of Members That Join Associations and How to Retain Them.
Regardless of why people join your association, we know that trust plays a key role in how they view your organization. Here are some reasons why members may not trust your organization and would question their likelihood to renew.
Your listening skills are lacking
Members want to be seen and heard. After joining your association, they want to be a part of the organization. They have ideas, concerns and opinions about how you do business, and what they need and want from you. Don’t just read the email or review and move along – answer them! Reach out to them at events and ask them questions. Respond to comments on your blog posts, Twitter feed or Facebook page.
By interacting in real time with your members, you will ensure they feel appreciated, and be more likely to trust that you really are in this for their best interest. And be sure to document conversations with your members in your association management software. This will provide a historical record on your member's profile and allow other staff to know what's been discussed previously.
Your services did not produce as promised
There is nothing worse than over-promising and under-delivering. Make sure your sales team provides a clear explanation of benefits and sets expectations for new members. Of course, whenever you're providing services to your members, you are likely to hear about what didn’t work, and how they would like you to help them fix it.
Resist the urge respond with a canned answer assuring them that it will work, just give it time. Reply with a plan of action. Let your members know that you are concerned about the state they are in, and as a provider of support, services and promotion, you want to do the best you can. Be committed to providing your members with the information they want, and the services they seek. Protect their interests by explaining to them your participation in industry initiatives, helping them remember why they chose you in the first place. Meet with them to reset expectations and create a plan to deliver benefits for them.
They don't feel like you know them
Do you send the same messages to all of your members, despite their business size, type of business or location? Your members don't want to receive information that is not relevant to them. Imagine how your members feel when they get emails inviting them to attend an event they've already registered for.
Increasingly, your members (especially Millennials) expect you to know certain information about them and use it to communicate with them effectively. Create segmented lists in your association management software so you are always communicating with the right group of members with the right message. If you're unsure on how to track this information, check out these best practices for measuring member engagement.
You're under-communicating
In today's constant flow of social media communications, your members expect more frequent updates on new programs, events, legislative issues and educational opportunities. They expect (and deserve) transparency on how your organization is working to help them grow their business.
For events that you are planning or legislative actions you are involved in, let your members know! By allowing your members to be part of the team, you can create a cohesive body of long-term members who need your services, and want your involvement. Give them something to work with you on, and they will reward you with undivided trust in what you have to say. Trust them to be involved, and reap the results of growth and retention.
If your members hear about items that are important to them AFTER the fact, they may feel like you're hiding information from them. Yes, it is hard to ensure that all members know everything about your organization, but make sure you are using the proper communications channels and making it easy for members to find information about your activities.
Store your members' social media profiles in your membership management system, just like you would a phone number or email address. This way you'll know how many members are on which networks and help you know where to share important messages.
The days of "check book" members are over, where members would simply write a check for dues each year because it was a "good idea." Your members haven't just joined your association - they've entered a relationship.
And like any relationship, trust is critical for continuing and growing your members' relationships with your association going forward. How does your organization work to earn your members' trust?
Related or similar posts:January 17, 2013
Adam Gorney
Rivals.com Football Recruiting
Nick Wilson has an unofficial visit planned to Arizona for early February and it could be an important trip since the 2014 running back from Fresno (Calif.) Central East loves what he's hearing from the coaching staff. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inLAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) — Some teachers at the University of Kansas are questioning a decision to use a private company to help run a new program designed to attract hundreds of new international students to the school.
The KU Academic Accelerator Program, which will begin in the fall, is a 12-month, three-semester program that will provide academic, social and language help to international students. It will be jointly run by Shorelight Education, a Massachusetts-based company that will recruit the students and provide some auxiliary services, and the university, which will oversee the academics, The Lawrence Journal-World reported ( ).
The university has signed a 15-year contract with Shorelight but either party can withdraw if targets for enrollment and academics aren’t met, said Sara Rosen, vice provost for academic affairs. In March, Douglas County District Court issued an injunction sought by Shorelight that bars release of the contract, which was sought by the Journal-World.
Once administrative expenses are paid, the university and Shorelight will evenly split the tuition money, Rosen said at an April meeting of the University Senate. After a student finishes the KUAAP requirements, the university will retain 90 percent of tuition revenues and Shorelight 10 percent.
Currently, international students make up less than 10 percent of the university’s population. The goal of KUAAP is to increase those numbers to about 15 percent, Rosen said.
The idea of recruiting students for money is troubling, said Lisa Wolf-Wendel, an education professor, who suggested that only students whose parents could afford to pay nonresident tuition would be able to participate, reducing the economic diversity of the university.
She and others at the University Senate meeting also questioned using agents to recruit students. The National Association for College Admission Counseling has cited some abuse by recruiters, such as high-pressure sales tactics and problematic compensation formulas. But the association also said it recognized that agents are a widespread and accepted recruitment tool among U.S. universities.
Basil Cleveland, Shorelight’s co-founder and executive vice president, said agents are only one part of the company’s recruitment efforts and only those agents that have been approved by leading agencies are used.
“If a student identifies a problem, it will be very evident,” he said.
Qi Chen, a senior and student senator, said he wants to be sure students are consulted about the program.
“I think hearing from some current international students would be valuable,” he said. “I just want to make sure no students are harmed in this process.”
___
Information from: Lawrence (Kan.) Journal-World,Sitr
Sitr
Support Information Tracker is intended to be a free knowledge base for organizations that want a lot of features at a reasonable price. Features include multiple document versions, group permissions, search and browse abilities, document submittal review, and many more.
Download
version 2.0.0
(stable)
released on 13 August.Individual Differences as Antecedents of Counterproductive Work Behaviour
Abstract
Counterproductive work behaviour (CWB) has recently gained more interest in industrial and organizational psychology, as the impact of engagement of CWB is big; influencing not just the organization but also other stakeholders. The objective of this study was to look at individual factors as antecedents of CWB, focusing on personality, locus of control, and values. Data were collected from 267 students studying psychology by means of a questionnaire measuring CWB, the Big-Five factor personality, work locus of control, and values. Only agreeableness and conscientiousness (out of the five personality factor) was found to be negatively correlated to CWB. Work locus of control showed a positive correlation with CWB. Hedonism and power was found to be positively related to CWB, whereas benevolence and conformity was found to be negatively related to CWB. The findings on personality and locus of control as antecedents of CWB are consistent with past research, meaning that employers can use this finding in their selection process. The findings on values have given a new insight to an area that can be researched further in the process of understanding why individuals engage.I.Powered by SidelinesBonzer Front: Located in Haleiwa, Hi, Bonzer Front is Bonzer Central on the North Shore. Managed by Duncan and his two daughters, Megan and Noelle.
Bonzer Forum: Discuss, Question, Explore
Bonzer5.org’s aim is to focus directly on causes and issues that we feel are not only important, but vital in creating a more just, peaceful, and dignified world.
Transafixion.com: An eclectic mix of music, art, world events…Conferences
History of the Index
Range of the Archive
Subscribing to the Database
Publications & Programs
Staff & Their Interests
Location & Access
Studies in Iconography
Books & Microfilms in the Index
Digital Books
Additional Resources
Enter the Database
Metcalf Number: R528F24Country: FranceSite: Châlons-sur-Marne:Cathedral,EtienneSequence: Nave, south, aisle bay window 4, lancet 4, lower registerSubject: Stephen Protomartyr D2
[Return to Previous Page]No sign of struggle in car of missing Dublin men
There was no sign of a struggle or blood found in the car used by two Dublin men missing since Tuesday, according to gardaí.
Detectives believe a criminal gang may have been involved in the disappearance of Anthony Keegan and Eoin O'Connor.
The focus of the search for the men has switched back to Cavan.
There was no garda activity at Lough Owel in Co Westmeath today, where a car in which the men had travelled to Cavan was found.
The car was taken from Lough Owel to Santry Garda Station in Dublin where it was examined.
Gardaí hoped it might give some clues as to what happened to the men since they were last seen..This week has been full of surprises.
Yesterday all the girls at work went out to lunch because I was not able to attend our office dinner. During lunch they presented me with a gift from the entire office. After they saw our article in Newsday, they collected from everyone and gave us a very nice Christmas gift. It brought tears to my eyes.
Today when I came home from work, my mom said that someone rang the doorbell and left a gift bag on the stoop. They ran away so they could not be seen. Inside the bag was a beautiful story about the meaning of Christmas, homemade cookies and an envelope with cash.
Tonight around 6:30 our doorbell rang. Standing on my front step were 2 woman with two large boxes wearing Santa hats. They smiled and said "Merry Christmas - you don't know who were are, do you?" They were two nurses from the hospital that Mike was in back in 2004 for his anger/agitation. They saw the article in Newsday and decided they were going to "adopt"our family for Christmas. They brought food, dessert and gift cards for Courtney and Brandon and the supermarket. I think I am STILL in shock. It's been 5 years and they've never forgotten us. They told me that we were a difficult family to forget because we are "not the norm". They said they very rarely get to see the love and devotion we showed to Mike while he was hospitalized those 2 months.
These surprises show me how much of an impact we have had on other people. The fact that these people went out of their way to prepare 3 meals and dessert, track down our address, MapQuest us and deliver it all to us 2 days before Christmas when I am sure they are busy themselves - is humbling. The fact that another person baked cookies, copied a beatiful story about Christmas and left a gift, going out of their way to remain anonymous, is also amazing.
We have been EXTREMELY blessed and I am thankful and forever grateful to these Christmas angels. It's special knowing that we have touched people's lives.
Merry Christmas!!
1 comment:
I am so happy for you. Have a very Merry Christmas.Spring Time Yet?
A few days ago it really felt like spring was here, but now I kinda wish i didn’t say anything as its been rubbish weather and a bit cold. The good thing is, its staying light as the time gets later. On my early morning rides you can hear lots of birds singing and seeing lots of flowers blooming. It’s a good feeling but this rain and some chilly days sucks! bring on the shorts and t- shirt weather!
Crazy
As I was riding around London, the amount of times I saw people on their bikes and almost crashing into people and vehicles. It’s so crazy and you know what, they will still blame drivers for hitting into them! One person I saw he was getting so pissed off at a car that he almost buckle down while riding his bike right next to it and this was just when the light went green. Going home saw this person in full lycra swerving right to left in front of me, thinking what was this person doing. Getting in front of the cars and this was on the side of the river, so there was plenty of space. As I got near to him, this guy looked drunk and not knowing what he was doing.. Tired to give him a sign so I could talk to him but he was so zoned out, he just didn’t see me…
Becareful out there everyone, not just vehicles but silly riders!!
On The Road
Been off the bike for a week, just trying to sort out stuff for my other bike (14R) by doing it kinda put me off riding for a bit. But so far its moving slowly and i’m back on my bike just having my head up. Fixed Gear London riders are about and still doing their stuff we’ve been busy with other stuff too. If you see one of us just holla!<<
Going Fast
Old video of Patrick Seabase hitting 51.5MPH. Have an awesome week!A.
There was no record of recusal motion filed by either prosecutors or Aldawsari’s attorneys prior to Cummings’ recusal.
As of Thursday, a pretrial evidentiary hearing was still scheduled for April 19, but it was unclear whether that would continue as planned.
Cummings was scheduled to hear arguments pertaining to whether he should allow jurors to see videos and photographs of two FBI demonstrations depicting what an explosion created with picric acid — the chemical Aldawsari was allegedly trying to create — could do.
Aldawsari’s trial date of April 30 also remained unaltered Thursday.
The case was still scheduled to be heard in the Northern District of Texas. Aldawsari mentioned planning attacks, according to the FBI investigation.
Follow Logan on Twitter @AJ_Carver
To comment on this story:
logan.carver@lubbockonline.com
• 766-8704
leesha.faulkner@lubbockonline.com • 766-8706- 
Former houseguest overstays welcome
CRIMINAL TRESPASS – Police received a complaint from a resident in the 300 block of North Broad Street at 1:25 p.m. March 5 who reported a former house guest was observed by their neighbor entering their home earlier in the day while the homeowner was at work. On that same date at 4:01 p.m. police responded back to the residence when the former houseguest returned and was again inside the home while the homeowner was at work. Police located Michael C. Oikle, 35, of Lititz and took him into custody. Oikle was charged with criminal trespass and was committed to Lancaster County Prison in default of bail following arraignment.
ARREST – Police have filed a criminal complaint against Christine Bomberger, 51, of Lititz for theft by unlawful taking. The charges arose from an incident which occurred Dec. 1, 2013, at 10:54 a.m. when a patron reported her purse was stolen at the Rodney Lane Laundromat. Police were able to identify Bomberger through surveillance footage. Bomberger was summoned into District Court.
ARREST – Police have filed a criminal complaint against Christine Bomberger, 51, of Lititz for theft by unlawful taking. The charges arose from an incident which occurred Aug. 14, 2013, at 2:21 a.m. when an employee of Audubon, at that time, reported to police that someone stole her cell phone which was left with other unattended belongings. Through the investigation police established that Bomberger, a visitor at the facility, stole the phone. Bomberger was summoned into District Court.
ARREST – Police filed a criminal complaint against Kelia M. Stamper, 23, York, for theft by deception. The charges arose from an incident which occurred Nov. 7, 2013, at 2:13 p.m. when Stamper issued a check to a business on the first block of South Broad Street in the amount of $258.64 for the purchase of goods. The check was no good due to insufficient funds. Stamper was summoned into District Court.
DISORDERLY CONDUCT – Police cited Justin M. Hildebrand, 26, Reinholds, with disorderly conduct for an incident following a traffic stop in the 100 block of North Oak Street at 2:32 a.m. March 8. Hildebrand was summoned into District Court.
THEFT – A resident of the 100 block of South Broad Street reported to police that Feb. 28 someone slashed all four of his vehicle tires and took $300 worth of construction tools contained inside his truck.
CRASH – Police investigated a crash at the intersection of South Cherry Street and Gochnauer Avenue at 3:39 p.m. March 5. A school bus driven by Elyane D. Wagaman, 59, of Lititz struck a parked USPS vehicle. No injuries were reported.
CRASH – Police investigated a crash that occurred at the intersection of South Broad Street and West Lemon Street at 1:35 p.m. March 7. Nancy C. Weissberg, 54, Lititz, turned her vehicle into the path of a vehicle driven by Donald C. Anspacher, 57, Landisville. No injuries were reported.
CRASH – Police investigated a crash that occurred in the 100 block of South Cedar Street at 3:05 p.m. March 7. A vehicle driven by Elaine H. Roshel, 80, Lititz, struck a legally parked vehicle, which was unoccupied. No injuries were reported.
CRASH – Police investigated a crash that occurred on East Main Street at 3:28 p.m. March 8. A vehicle driven by Joshua C. Kroh, 24, Lititz, and a vehicle driven by Allen R. Campbell, 46, Marietta, were involved in a crash when both vehicles side-swiped each other. No injuries were reported.
CRASH – Police investigated a crash that occurred on Church Square at 2:49 p.m. March 11. An employee of a local business discovered that their parked vehicle had been struck while it was legally parked and unoccupied. The striking vehicle fled the scene.
DRUG VIOLATION – Police investigated an incident at 3:25 p.m. March 11 where a 16-year-old juvenile from Lititz was found to be in possession of marijuana on the property of the WarwickHigh School. The juvenile will be summoned into Lancaster County Juvenile Probation on a charge of possession of a small amount of marijuana.
VIOLATION – Police investigated a complaint made by a resident of the 500 block of Golden Street March 10. The resident complained that her neighbor, Jeremiah Poague, 31, Lititz, repeatedly allowed his dog to defecate on the complainant’s property despite previous warnings. Police filed a citation against Poage for a violation of the borough dog law ordinance. Poage was summoned into District Court.
DISORDERLY CONDUCT – Police investigated a suspicious activity complaint in the 200 block of East Market Street at 10:38 p.m. March 12. As a result police issued a citation for disorderly conduct against Benjamin R. Weidman, 18, Hopeland. Weidman was summoned into District Court.
CRASH – Police investigated a motor vehicle accident in the 100 block of North Broad Street, Route 501, at 2:05 p.m. March 8. Jack Keener, 61, of Lebanon was stopped in traffic and was struck from behind by a vehicle driven by Gail Troupe, 52, of Ephrata. There were no injuries and one vehicle needed to be towed from the scene. Troupe was cited for following too closely.KFAI is proud to sponsor The Holmes Brothers at the Cedar Cultural Center on Wednesday, August 13, at 7:30 pm.
The Holmes Brothers— guitarist/pianist/vocalist/songwriter Wendell Holmes, bassist/songwriter/vocalist Sherman Holmes, and drummer/vocalist and brother-in-spirit Popsy Dixon—are true treasures of American roots music.
For 35 years, The Holmes Brothers’ joyous and moving blend of blues, gospel, soul, R&B, rock ‘n’ roll, and country has been captivating audiences around the world..A BAND CALLED DEATH: SCREENING & CONCERT
A documentary and concert 42 years in the making.
We've added another screening of A BAND CALLED DEATH followed by a live Q&A at our Slaughter location. Get more info here.
Drafthouse Films’ latest release, A BAND CALLED DEATH is a documentary 42 years in the making. It’s one of the most unlikely true stories you’ll ever hear, and one of the greatest triumphs in rock history. Detroit, 1971. Three teenage brothers, Bobby, Dannis and David Hackney dabbled in playing funk music, but after they attended a particularly thunderous Alice Cooper performance, the Hackneys’ group “Rock Fire Funk Express” gradually transformed into an entirely different band…a band called DEATH.
Their sound was tight, compelling and formidably unique. Death’s rampaging drive was clearly “punk,” but the Ramones were still years from striking their first power chord. After months of rejections from record companies, someone reached out to the group with an offer... if they agreed to change their name. The answer was no. After years of disappointment and still no recording contract, they had no battle left in them. Death sold off their instruments and disbanded, with their recordings laying dormant in an attic for years.
Or so they thought. In 2008, Death songs began making the rounds virally across the internet. Bobby and Dannis remained unaware. Collectors went rabid, the recordings were pulled from the attic, and it wasn’t long before the world finally caught up with the band’s unparalleled, innovatory vision..
Get your screening + concert tickets here OR just your concert tickets here.
6:00 PM - A Band Called Death Advance Screening and Q&A
8:00 PM - Doors open at The Parish
8:30 PM - Opening band takes the stage
9:30 PM - Death
Have a Huawei Honor 2 that you want to get a little more out of? This guide will teach you exactly how you can root your device! In no time at all you’ll have root access on your Huawei Honoruawei Honor 2 running Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich.
Take note this will wipe all your files and data on your phone. Proceed at your own risk.
Before We Begin
Download the Huawei drivers and install them onto your PC (if you haven’t done so already). The Huawei USB drivers can be found at this link.
Your Huawei Honor 2 Huawei Honor 2
- Plug your Huawei Honor 2 Huawei Honor 2 you’ll have root!
Done!
Conclusion
Enjoy a rooted Huawei Honor 2 .
[via xda-developers]
Martin
Followed the steps in this guide. The script completed as described, and my phone rebooted. I then installed a Terminal Emulator, but I am unable to gain root access with ‘SU’ command. Seems like the device was not rooted … !?Diversified Financial Services
Company Overview of A C U Credit Union
Company Overview
No. 119 Hardin Administration Building
Abilene, TX 79699
United States
Founded in 1954
Phone:
3256742486
3256746774
Key Executives for A C U Credit Union
A C U Credit Union does not have any Key Executives recorded.
Similar Private Companies By Industry
Recent Private Companies Transactions
Most Searched Private Companies
Sponsored Financial Commentaries
Sponsored Links
To contact A C U Credit Union, please visit Acucreditunion.- 1
- person in the U.S. has this name View Melvin Trussell on Whitepages
Meaning & Origins
Modern name of uncertain origin, probably a variant of the less common Melville. The variant Melvyn is associated particularly with the film star Melvyn Douglas (1901–81).
English (East Midlands): of uncertain origin; perhaps from Old French troussel, Middle English trussel in the sense ‘packet’, and hence an occupational nickname for a peddler, or from the same word in the sense ‘stamp’, ‘mould (for stamping coins)’, and hence an occupational name for a minter. Alternatively, it may be from a nickname representing a variant of Thrussell, from Middle English throstle ‘thrush’, given probably to a cheerful person, the bird being noted for its cheerful song.
Nicknames & variations
Melvyn, Melvina, Melven, Melvon, Melvena, Melvine, Melvenia, Melvinia, Melvene, Melvan
Trusty, Truss, Truscott, Trosclair, Truslow, Trusler, Truszkowski, Truskowski, Trusell, TrushOvertraining Syndrome
Overtraining Syndrome is where a lack of recovery from training stress results in underperformance, often combined with Mood Disturbances such as reduced Motivation, depression and anxiety. The imbalance between training and recovery is exacerbated by Training Monotony and other life stresses. Overtraining Syndrome is not limited to high volume athletes, but can affect recreational athletes as well.
Contents
1 Introduction
Overtraining Syndrome where a lack of recovery from training stress results in underperformance. Recovery is often impaired by other life stresses and these life stresses add to the stress of training. Overtraining Syndrome is sometimes called 'burnout', 'staleness', 'state of chronic fatigue', or 'unexplained under performance syndrome'[1]. The 'Overtraining' part of Overtraining Syndrome is somewhat of a misnomer, as generally the causes lie as much with poor recovery and non-training stresses[2][1]. Overtraining Syndrome is estimated to effect 65% of competitive long distance runners at some point[3]. While some levels of Overtraining Syndrome can be easily overcome, extreme Overtraining Syndrome can take years to recover from. The elite marathon runner Alberto Salazar suffered from Overtraining Syndrome that lasted for 10 years[4]. Stories from China suggest that Overtraining Syndrome has been an issue for at least 1500 years[5]. While there is a lot of research around Overtraining Syndrome, there is no common or consistent terminology, nor is there a clear standard for the diagnosis of Overtraining Syndrome[6].
2 Overtraining and Overtraining Syndrome
Overtraining does not always result in Overtraining Syndrome. A short period of mild Overtraining can be part of Overload training, which can result in improved performance. Acute Overtraining tends to produce Too Much Too Soon and a lack of active recovery can produce Overuse injuries. However, Overtraining Syndrome involves a decrease in performance and usually has negative Mood State changes. Because Overtraining Syndrome is the balance between all stresses (training + life stress) and recovery from all stresses, it can affect even lower volume athletes.
2.1 Overtraining Syndrome Subtypes
Main Article Overtraining Syndrome Subtypes
Overtraining Syndrome has been categorized into subtypes based on the associated symptoms[2]. The subtypes are similar to those seen in the DSM Adjustment Disorder and Major Depression. These types include "Overtraining with depression", "Overtraining with anxiety", "Overtraining with disturbances of conduct", and others. Personally, I believe that Overtraining Syndrome should be called ‘Training Related Major Depression’ due to the overwhelming similarity with other types of Major Depression.
3 Causes of Overtraining Syndrome
Main Article Causes of Overtraining Syndrome
While Overtraining Syndrome involves training stress, the real cause is lack of recovery from training and other stresses. Stresses can be categorized as physiological, psychological and social in origin[2]. All the causes except Training Monotony are also symptoms, which make them particularly problematic as they tend to be self-reinforcing, creating a positive feedback cycle. There are several proposed Mechanisms of Overtraining Syndrome, but none have widespread acceptance or scientific support[7].
- Training monotony[6][4][8]. Overtraining Syndrome is an imbalance between training and recovery which can be measured as Training Monotony. Training Monotony is simply a measure of similar each workout is. Having a mixture of hard workouts and easy days (or rest days) reduces monotony and allows for good recovery. It seems that athletes can train remarkably hard provided they have sufficient recovery. Therefore, training hard every day or even having easy days that are not sufficiently easy appears to be a primary cause of Overtraining Syndrome.
- Lack of sleep[6]. Most healing and recovery from training stress occurs while we sleep, so any reduction in the length or quality of sleep may have a disproportionately large impact on the overall stress levels. This can be a particular problem for athletes who have to choose between training and sleep.
- Life Stress[6][4]. Any life stress, including interpersonal relationships or work stress can compound training stress and reduce the quality of recovery.
- Poor performance due to Overtraining Syndrome can often create additional stress. All too often an athlete responds to Overtraining Syndrome by believing that they are not training hard enough, and so work harder. If an athlete becomes aware of Overtraining Syndrome by failing in competition this can be emotionally devastating[4]. One study[9] of high school athletes noted the negative sporting experiences can create feelings of inadequacy, helplessness, hopelessness, and lead to major depression.
- Infection or illness[6][4]. An illness or infection puts additional stress on the body. If the athlete continues to train with an illness this can dramatically increase the stress of training.
- Poor diet[6][4]. Reduced calorie intake also reduces our ability to recover and deal with stress, both training stress and non-training stress. A poor quality diet that is lacking in essential nutrients can also have a negative impact on recovery. To particular deficiencies to note are Magnesium[6] and Iron[6]. A symptom of Overtraining Syndrome is reduced appetite, making the quality of the diet worse.
4 Symptoms and Detection
Main article: Overtraining Syndrome Symptoms
There is no clear diagnostic to identify Overtraining Syndrome, therefore Overtraining Syndrome can only be proven after all other possible explanations of the symptoms have been ruled out[6]. Early confirmation of Overtraining Syndrome is almost impossible because the only key symptom is underperformance, usually combined with Mood State changes[6]. It is important to understand that Overtraining Syndrome is not just a physiological problem, but includes aspects of psychology. An overtrained athlete is unlikely to have all of the symptoms, but they may have several. A more comprehensive list can be found at Overtraining Syndrome Symptoms.
- Unexpected underperformance. An unexplained reduction in performance is a key symptom[6][2][1] of Overtraining Syndrome. This underperformance can also manifest as an inability to maintain training loads[1], an increase in the effort required to maintain training load.
- Mood State changes[6][2][1]. Changes in Mood State are one of the key characteristics of Overtraining Syndrome. In many ways Overtraining Syndrome is remarkably similar to major depression[4]. In fact, increased training stresses can produce a relatively rapid change in Mood State. One study[10] showed significant changes in Mood State after only 3 days of increased training.
- General fatigue[4]. This fatigue could be seen as a general feeling of weariness, or the desire to sleep more. This could be fatigue due to an illness, depression, or muscular fatigue.
- Infection or illness[1][6][2]. Like a major depression, Overtraining Syndrome tends to suppress the immune system resulting in more infections, illnesses, and a slower healing of minor cuts[2][1]. However, many of the symptoms of Overtraining Syndrome could be due purely to an illness, so it can be unclear if the illness is a symptom of Overtraining Syndrome or the symptoms of Overtraining Syndrome are actually just symptoms of the illness.
- Insomnia or disturbed sleep[1]. Overtraining Syndrome tends to interfere with sleep, which in turn impairs recovery and rest, leading to a positive feedback cycle.
- Unexplained weight loss. Changes in Mood State can often result in a loss of appetite leading to a drop in body weight.
5 Alternative explanation of the symptoms
There are various other problems that could cause the symptoms of Overtraining Syndrome[6]. Because these problems share the symptoms of Overtraining Syndrome, diagnosis of Overtraining Syndrome typically requires a process of elimination.
- Infectious diseases, such as hepatitis or glandular fever (AKA mononucleosis or simply mono).
- Non-infectious disease, including diabetes, thyroid dysfunction, adrenal gland problems.
- Eating disorders such as anorexia nervosa or bulimia.
- Anemia or other severe nutritional deficits.
6 Recovery
Main article: Recovering from Overtraining Syndrome
Because of the complexity of Overtraining Syndrome, and the ethical issues in performing scientific studies, there is no clear prescription for recovery. The advice below is the aggregation of the available advice.
- Because there is no clear diagnostic for Overtraining Syndrome, it is difficult to determine when recovery has occurred. One metric that should be focused on should be Mood State and enthusiasm for training.
- A reduction in training load is required, and this often needs to be a dramatic reduction. While complete rest may be warranted, this could be counterproductive[1]. Given the importance of Training Monotony, it seems reasonable to include greater periods of recovery. Rather than complete rest, I would recommend light training every other day, alternating with complete rest. The light training should be limited in duration, and should only be as much as is enjoyable.
- Rest time should be more than simply not training. Instead, some of the time freed up due to the reduction in training load should be dedicated to focused relaxation, such as gentle yoga, meditation or times of prayer.
- Extra sleep[1] is likely to be required for recovery.
- Diet is an important part of recovery. The correct calorie balance and a diet with a balanced ratio of carbohydrates/protein/fat is highly recommended[1]. The change in training load requires that the diet is carefully evaluated.
- There are reports of successfully treating Overtraining Syndrome with serotonergic antidepressants[11] and SSRI antidepressants [4].
7 Prevention
Obviously prevention is better than cure, but there is currently no known way of preventing Overtraining Syndrome for an athlete who wishes to training optimally.
- Individual variability means there is no clearly defined way of preventing Overtraining Syndrome[1]. What works for one athlete may cause Overtraining Syndrome in another athlete.
- It's been said that you can't control what you can't measure. Therefore keeping a record of training is a core part of preventing Overtraining Syndrome. See The importance of a training log. A GPS watch with a Heart Rate Monitor to accurately record training stresses combined with a training log the provides a long-term record.
- Ensuring adequate rest is obviously critical[1] and avoiding Training Monotony is key.
- Ensure optimal nutrition, hydration, and sleep[1].
- The volume of training and the intensity of training should not both be increased. In fact, increasing one should generally have a proportionate decrease in the other[1].
- Be aware of the sum of all of life's stresses and adjust training stress accordingly. If there is an increase in a life stress, such as a new baby, moving house, changing job, training stress should be reduced, especially any training that occurs on 'easy' days.
- Mood State questionnaires may be one of the more useful techniques for detecting Overtraining Syndrome. Mood State has been shown to be changed within a few days of an increase in training load.
- Measure Training Monotony, which is a key cause of Overtraining Syndrome[6][4].
- Establish and maintain a good social network as support group[1].
8 Training monotony
Main article: Training Monotony[6][4]. There is also evidence[12] that increased training frequency results in reduced performance benefits from identical training sessions as well as increased fatigue.
9 References
- ↑ 1.00 1.01 1.02 1.03 1.04 1.05 1.06 1.07 1.08 1.09 1.10 1.11 1.12 1.13 1.14 1.15 1.16 Physiological Perspective of Endurance Overtraining – A Comprehensive Update
- ↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 Taylor & Francis Online :: Adjustment Disorder: a new way of conceptualizing the overtraining syndrome - International Review of Sport and Exercise Psychology - Volume 2, Issue 2
- ↑ Markers of Excessive Exercise - Canadian Journal of Applied Physiology
- ↑ 4.00 4.01 4.02 4.03 4.04 4.05 4.06 4.07 4.08 4.09 4.10 The unknown mechanism of the overtraining syndrom... [Sports Med. 2002] - PubMed - NCBI
- ↑ Overtraining research advances in China
- ↑ 6.00 6.01 6.02 6.03 6.04 6.05 6.06 6.07 6.08 6.09 6.10 6.11 6.12 6.13 6.14 6.15 Prevention, diagnosis and treatment of the Overtraining Syndrome
- ↑ Overtraining In Sport, Kreider, Fry, O'Toole, Human Kinetics
- ↑ Monitoring training in athletes with re... [Med Sci Sports Exerc. 1998] - PubMed - NCBI
- ↑ Depression and chronic fatigue in the high school ... [Prim Care. 1991] - PubMed - NCBI
- ↑ Psychobiologic effects of 3 d of increa... [Med Sci Sports Exerc. 1991] - PubMed - NCBI
- ↑ The stigmatisation and denial of mental illness in athletes -- Schwenk 34 (1): 4 -- British Journal of Sports Medicine
- ↑ Variable dose-response relationship bet... [Med Sci Sports Exerc. 2003] - PubMed - NCBIA new mural project slated for Eldon Ross Pool will have local youth getting involved in community beautification while continuing reinvestment efforts in the area.
The city recently chipped in $6,000 to help Take Pride Winnipeg commission well-known muralist Mandy van Leeuwen to paint the mural with the help of local youth from Brooklands School.
.jpg)
PHOTO BY MATT PREPROST
St. James artist Mandy van Leeuwen will work with youth at Brooklands School to add a mural to the back wall of Eldon Ross Pool.
Take Pride, which has commissioned more than 200 murals in the city since 1997, is making more of an effort to involve school children and community youth, said executive director Tom Ethans.
"It’s always important to do this kind of thing. (The students) take a little bit of ownership," he said.
"The kids in the neighbourhood love it because it’s theirs now."
Van Leeuwen will work with students on the mural throughout October. It is slated to be mounted on the wall before winter, Ethans said.
Van Leeuwen has more than 50 murals across the city, many of them in St. James and the West End.
Having youth involved in the project gives them a unique experience outside the regular routine of the classroom, she said.
"Having artists visit our schools (when I was young), definitely pushed me and took me where I’ve gone so far," said van Leeuwen, who lives in St. James.
"If I hadn’t had those opportunities, I wouldn’t have been exposed as much to the cool things you can do with creativity. It made me realize how important that is for young minds to develop by being involved in the creative process."
Brooklands principal Rex Ferguson-Baird said each one of the school’s 150 kindergarten to Grade 5 students will participate in the project. The school looks to join partnerships that are educational and build community capacity, he said.
"This community benefits when its members have an opportunity to partake in developing itself," he said.
Getting youth actively involved in building their community gives them a sense of ownership that helps curb issues like vandalism and property damage, he added.
"When kids are involved in community actions, they have ownership over it. In this day and age, when we’re combating things like graffiti, by having kids involved, it really does show that kind of stuff gets reduced," he said.
Area Coun. Scott Fielding (St. James-Brooklands) said the mural expands on recent investments in the community, such as the expanded community club at Pascoe Park and a new $200,000 splash pad for Eldon Ross pool, located at 1887 Pacific Ave. W.
The city is looking at taking nearby rundown tennis courts and turning them into a new basketball court or skatepark, Fielding said.
"These are not drive-by investments," he said. "We’re trying to invest good dollars in the neighbourhood and really make it a hub.".Wingate Manor Ridge Apts
718 Doctor Blair Rd Marshville, North Carolina 28103(704) 624-6185
Print | Save | Directions
AboutWingate Manor Ridge Apts is located at the address 718 Doctor Blair Rd in Marshville, North Carolina 28103. They can be contacted via phone at (704) 624-6185 for pricing, hours and directions. Wingate Manor Ridge Apts specializes in Estates, Retail, Hotels & Motels.
Wingate Manor Ridge Apts has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
Wingate Manor Ridge Apts provides Acquisition, Property Tours, Apartment Locating to it's customers. For maps and directions to Wingate Manor Ridge Apts view the map to the right. For reviews of Wingate Manor Ridge Apts see below.
Business Features
SERVICES
- Financing Available , Acquisition , Apartment Locating , Facilities Management , Internet Marketing , Property Tours , Offices , Purchasing , Consultations , Construction Management
SPECIALTIES
- Ranch Property , Retail , Windows , Single-Family Homes , Multi Family , Duplexes , Estates , Industrial , Hotels & Motels , Unfurnished
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsSearch webcams.travel
Search for webcams on webcams.travel by location or any other keyword.
Results with "Lint"
Spots and buildingsLint Kasteel, Flanders, Belgium Lint Hotel Koeln, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany Lint 380 kV Substation, Flanders, Belgium Lint Slough Dam, Oregon, United States Van Lint Mine, New Mexico, United States Lint Slough Fish Hatchery (historical), Oregon, United States
Countries and regionsLint, Flanders, Belgium
Cities and villagesLint, Flanders, Belgium Linț, Mureş, Romania Lint, Flanders, Belgium De Lint, Flanders, Belgium Sint-Leonardus Lint, Flanders, Belgium
Streams and lakesLint Lake, Nova Scotia, Canada Lint Creek, Oregon, United States Lint Slough, Oregon, United States Lint Slough Reservoir, Oregon, United States Lint Lake Brook, Nova Scotia, Canada1. the cannes film festival started yesterday and carey mulligan has been a breakout style star. she's become quite the muse to alexander wang at balenciaga (see her met gala look) and also looked fab in a dior couture gown. / 2. j. crew is doing it's third partnership with the vogue/cfda fashion fund finalists, which include the elder statesman, tabitha simmons and jennifer meyer. the collections don't launch until may 22, but if you sign up here, you'll get an invite to shop a day early. / 3. found this cool idea on erin's site the other day...and since i always seem to have tears and clippings everywhere, i might try this at home and work. / 4. i know the uniqlo x michael bastian collaboration is for the men, but the color combos and patterns are so fun, i'm tempted to pick one up for myself. see the full range here. / 5. the june and july fashion magazines are usually on the thin side, with some pubs like harper's bazaar, lucky, and w doing a combined issue for the summer months. vogue paris' june/july issue has my model-of-the-moment andreea diaconu on the cover looking gorgeous covered in sand. no word on the contents, but i'm sure they're nsfw.
carey mulligan pic via; clipboard viaOn the blog this week we welcomed new Creators LAb[au] and Tanlines, introduced our lecture series, and announced our collaboration with Alan Moore. We spoke with French electro producer Para One about his new album, broke down producer Mike Gao’s “Udon Quixote” in LAYERS, found out how to make transparent crisps, spoke with Yoshi Sodeoka about his new video for Yeasayer, and were amazed by Sophie Clements’ stop-motion quantum artwork.
And on the webz…
· Those magnificent men in their Wacky Races flying bicycle machines: Czech engineers are all set to build a flying bicycle with six propellers (above).
· Light of my life: Lucas Maassen used super-sized fragments of his DNA to create a chandelier.
· Just when you thought you were out, this interview pulled you back in! Bruce Sterling interviewed about the (say it quietly) New Aesthetic. [via]
· This year is the centennial of computer pioneer Alan Turing, so it’s a good thing someone made a LEGO Turing Machine.Who knew that one day soda would become such a fiercely debated topic?
With the nation’s growing obesity problem, in not only adults but in children as well, rather desperate measures have been proposed to get Americans focused on managing their weight.
Not only is obesity unhealthy, but it is also one of the most expensive issues for our health care system to fund when the complications of obesity begin to take a toll on the body.
This being said, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg has suggested his own way to combat the problem – ban super-sized sodas. When the New York times announced this proposal earlier in the week it seemed everyone had an opinion they wanted to voice loud and clear about their stance.
The mayor’s motivation for this is that he believes that obesity, heart disease and diabetes would begin to slow down their progression if sugary drinks are limited.
Many feel however that banning these super-sized drinks isn’t really something that then government should be involved in.Distance from Shanghai to ...
Heading:
Graph showing distances and directions to other locations. Click arrows to see the route on a map. Learn more about the distance graph.
Distance Calculator – Find distance between any two locations.
Shanghai Coordinates
Distance to ...
Locations around this latitude
Locations around this longitude
Locations farthest away from Shanghai
- Salto, Uruguay, 12,406 mi
- Paysandú, Uruguay, 12,352 mi
- Paraná, Entre Rios, Argentina, 12,323 mi
- Gualeguaychú, Entre Rios, Argentina, 12,307 mi
- Santa Fe, Santa Fe, Argentina, 12,315 mi
How far is it from Shanghai to locations worldwide
* = Adjusted for DST or summer time (24 places).
Fri = Friday, May 22, 2015 (159 places).
km = how many kilometers from Shanghai
miles = how many miles from Shanghai
nm = how many nautical miles from Shanghai
All numbers are air distances – as the crow flies/great circle distance.
UTC (GMT/Zulu)-time: Friday, May 22, 2015 at 10Sorry!
no videos found for query - "amitabh-and-rishi-back-again 7980480"
Here are some other videos you can watch...
OOPS!: Kajol TRIPS at Femina Beauty Awards 2015
on Feb 12, 2015
18449 views - 32 Likes
Why is Katrina FURIOUS over some leaked pictures
on Feb 3, 2015
47368 views - 54 Likes
Salman Khan Bhajrangi Bhaijaan Story LEAKED Hot News
on Feb 5, 2015
23546 views - 33 Likes
REVEALED Alia Bhatt's new BFF
on Feb 2, 2015
5982 views - 22 - 40
Tapsee Pannu Visit the Rediff office
on Feb 4, 2015
30327 views - 33
Roop Kumar Rathod & Sonali Rathod Talks About Vale...
on Feb 13, 2015
8655 views - 4 LikesDrake’s of London now has some new ties for spring on their site in the raw silk variety, which can be great for adding an interesting texture to your outfit.
The Colonial Collection: Perfect with pristine white, chambray, or pink shirting. The raw silk ties with their distinctive texture of natural slubs, the khaki backgrounds set off by striking lines of bleached colour, the soft tones Ties being cut by handof high summer.”
The new lightweight cashmere and linen scarves look perfect too.
Our groups of summer scarves in the finest of lightweight blends reflects the sun softened hues of the Indus Valley and the Punjab. The subtle motifs and the combination of bleached and muted shades with vibrant natural colours speak with a surprisingly modern voice in an ancient tongue. The chicest way to wear these scarves is wound twice around the neck and tied in front, to give the effect of the traditional hunting stock. Worn with or without solar topi.Gallery: Olson Kundig’s Single-Room Gulf Islands Cabin is a Minimalist ... its forest context. Set upon a simple concrete foundation with a solid concrete back wall, the cabin is just big enough for a bed, a sitting chair, a stove, a kitchenette and a toilet. In fact, the room is so compact that the shower is actually placed outside on one of the porches.
The roof overhangs on all sides to provide shade, protection and covered porches on either end. Doors on both ends provide access and a quick connection to the outdoor wood storage stacked neatly to the side. Large floor-to-ceiling windows on the front provide lots of natural daylight and a shell of corten steel protects the cabin. In fact the movable steel exterior can be closed to shutter the home while the owner is away. This protects the home from inclement weather as well as fire danger. Over time the steel and materials will weather and help the little cabin blend in more with its natural surroundings.
+ Olson Kundig Architects
Images ©Tim Bies.Search Help More Search Options Search
NREL Highlights 2014 Utility Green Power Leaders
May 2015
More News
Green Power Webinars
TBD
Previous Webinars
Printable Version
Green Power Network Home |
EERE Home | U.S. Department of Energy
Webmaster | Web Site Policies | Security & Privacy | USA.gov
Content Last Updated:
07/02/2014What is Abogo?
Abogo shows you how transportation – the normal to-and-from trips you make every day – can impact your pocketbook and the planet. With Abogo, you can discover the costs of where you live now, or where you might want to live in the future. Abogo estimates the average cost of transportation for a typical household in the neighborhood, which includes the costs of car ownership, car use, and transit use. It also tells you approximately how much greenhouse gas (GHG) this car use would generate. All of this information can help you get a better picture of the true cost and impact of where you live.
Housing + Transportation Affordability Index
Abogo is powered by the Center for Neighborhood Technology’s Housing + Transportation (H+T®) Affordability Index. Instead of simply counting your housing costs to determine a location’s affordability, the H+T Index also includes the cost of transportation. This gives you a more complete sense of how the neighborhood fits into your budget.RT Sound Recording DB /z-wcorg/ DS ID 28893441 LA English T1 Face the Nation : Floyd B. McKissick, Nat. Dir., Congress of Racial Equality 11/20/66. A1 McKissick, Floyd B., PB Holt Information Systems/CBS News PP New York YR 1970 AB Mr. McKissick is interviewed by Daniel Schorr, Haynes Johnson, and George Herman. He discusses the influence of blacks in recent elections and describes some of CORE's activities to improve black suffrage and conditions in general.Part, Sect., Chapter, Paragraph
1 1, 1, 2, 104| Church constantly finds her nourishment and her strength, for she 2 1, 2, 3, 1020| him Christ in viaticum as nourishment for the journey, she speaks 3 2, 1, 1, 1122| drawing their origin and nourishment from the Word.43~ 4 2, 2, 1, 1392| Christian life needs the nourishment of Eucharistic Communion, 5 2, 2, 1, 1394| 1394 As bodily nourishment restores lost strength, 6 2, 2, 2, 1436| penance find their source and nourishment in the Eucharist, for in 7 3, 1, 3, 2040| after day in her liturgy the nourishment of the Word and Eucharist 8 3, 1, 3, 2047| Christian activity finds its nourishment in the liturgy and the celebration 9 4, 2, 0, 2830| cannot not but give us the nourishment life requires - all appropriate 10 4, 2, 0, 2861| bread" refers to the earthly nourishment necessary to everyone for 11 4, 2, 0, 2861| indispensable, (super - ) essential nourishment of the feast of the comingChris is right.
What types of services are your trying to make publicly available for
your customers ? Is this one customer with many private nodes, or many
customers trying to access website virtuals...what ??
You could do 1:1 nat, which is explained in the documentation.
- Don
On 6/15/05, Chris Buechler <cbuechler at gmail dot com> wrote:
> On 6/15/05, Justin Wilson <j2sw at mtin dot net> wrote:
> > I have been diving through the FAQs, and archives but have been a little
> > unsuccessful in finding out if and how I can do what I want to do.
> >
> > Currently I am using Monowall as a gateway on a wireless network. I want
> > to be able to assign both public and private Ips to the inside network.
> >
> > Currently monowall is dishing out 192.168.10.x ips. I want to be able to
> > statically assign on a machine a public IP and have it routed through
> > monowall. The Public Ips would not be DHCP, but assigned manually.
> >
>
> Easiest way, since you aren't going to have everything with public
> IP's, is probably to statically assign a private IP (or use DHCP
> reservations) to those hosts and use 1:1 NAT.
>
> -Chris
>
> ---------------------------------------------------------------------
> To unsubscribe, e-mail: m0n0wall dash unsubscribe at lists dot m0n0 dot ch
> For additional commands, e-mail: m0n0wall dash help at lists dot m0n0 dot ch
>
>
--
Don Munyak
Network Administrator
Professional Management Group of VirginiaAgency Information Collection Activities; Proposed Renewal of Several Currently Approved Collections; Comment Request
Summary: ↑
In compliance with the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) (44 U.S.C. 3501et seq.), this document announces that EPA is planning to submit requests to renew several currently approved Information Collection Request (ICR) to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). The ICRs are specifically.
Table of Contents
- I. What information is EPA particularly interested in?
- II. What should I consider when I prepare my comments for EPA?
- III. What do I need to know about PRA?
- IV. Which ICRs are being renewed?
- A. Docket ID Number EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0737
- B. Docket ID Number EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0843
- C. Docket ID Number EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0886
- V. What is the Next Step in the Process for these ICRs?
- List of Subjects
Dates: ↑
Addresses: ↑
Submit your comments, identified by the docket ID number for the corresponding ICR as identified in this document, for the corresponding ICR as identified
Rame Cromwell, Field and External Affairs Division (7506P), Office of Pesticide Programs, Environmental Protection Agency, 1200 Pennsylvania Ave., NW., Washington, DC 20460-0001;telephone number:(703) 308-9068;fax number:(703) 308-5884;email address: cromwell.rame@epa.gov.
Supplementary information: ↑
I. What information is EPA particularly interested in? ↑? ↑ do I need to know about PRA? ↑
An Agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information subject to PRA approval unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number. The OMB control numbers for EPA's.
Under PRA,.
IV. Which ICRs are being renewed? ↑.
A. Docket ID Number EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0737 ↑
Title: Application and Summary Report for an Emergency Exemption for Pesticides.
ICR numbers: EPA ICR No. 0596.10, OMB Control No. 2070-0032.
ICR status: The approval for this ICR is scheduled to expire on July 31, 2012.
Affected entities: Entities potentially affected by this ICR include Administration of Environmental Quality Programs, subsector groups, or government establishments primarily engaged in the administration of environmental quality.
Abstract: This Information Collection Request (ICR) is a renewal of an existing ICR that is currently approved by OMB and is due to expire July 31, 2012. Section 18 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) authorizes EPA to grant emergency exemptions to states and Federal agencies to allow an unregistered use of a pesticide for a limited time if EPA determines that emergency conditions exist. A section 18 action arises when growers and others encounter a pest problem on a site for which there is either no registered pesticide available, or for which there is a registered pesticide that would be effective but is not yet approved for use on that particular site. Section 18 also allows EPA to grant unregistered pesticide use exemptions for public health and quarantine reasons.
Most requests for emergency exemptions are made by state lead agricultural agencies, although agencies such as the United States Departments of Agriculture (USDA), Defense (DOD) and Interior (USDI) also request exemptions. This process is generally initiated when growers in particular regions identify an urgent, non-routine situation which registered pesticides will not alleviate. The growers contact their state lead agency (usually a state's department of agriculture) and request that the state agency apply to EPA for a section 18 emergency exemption for a particular use. The state agency evaluates the requests and submits requests to EPA for emergency exemptions they believe are warranted. The uses are requested for a limited period of time to address the emergency situation only.
Burden statement: The annual public reporting and recordkeeping burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 15,741 for state government applicants for FIFRA section 18 program. The ICR, a copy of which is available in the docket, provides a detailed explanation of this estimate, which is only briefly summarized here:
Estimated total number of potential respondents:60.
Frequency of response: On occasion.
Estimated total average number of responses for each respondent:2-3.
Estimated total annual burden hours:15,741 hours.
Estimated total annual costs:$917,993. This is the estimated burden cost; there is no cost for capital investment or maintenance and operational costs in this information collection.
Changes in the estimates from the last approval: The renewal of this ICR will result in an overall decrease of 33,759 hours in the total estimated respondent burden identified in the currently approved ICR. The total annual respondent burden cost has decreased due to a change in the average number of section 18s requested per year from 494 to 159. For the next renewal cycle the Agency projects it will receive approximately 159 section 18 applications each year over the next three years. The Agency believes that respondents will experience some burden reduction over the next three years due to the streamlined recertification process for section 18 applications.
B. Docket ID Number EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0843 ↑
Title: Notice of Arrival of Pesticides and Devices under Section 17(c) of FIFRA.
ICR numbers: EPA ICR No. 0152.10, OMB Control No. 2070-0020.
ICR status: The approval for this ICR is scheduled to expire on August 31, 2012.
Affected entities: Entities potentially affected by this ICR are individuals or entities that import pesticides into the United States. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) codes assigned to the parties responding to this information collection include NAICS code 236220 (commercial and institutional building construction), sector 11 (agriculture, forestry, fishing, and hunting), and sector 42 (wholesale trade). The majority of responses come from entities that fall under NAICS code 325300 (pesticide and other agricultural chemical manufacturing).
Abstract: The Customs and Border Protection (CBP) regulations at 19 CFR 12.112 require that an importer desiring to import a pesticide or device into the United States shall, prior to the shipment's arrival in the United States, submit a Notice of Arrival of Pesticides and Devices (EPA Form 3540-1) to EPA. EPA Form 3540-1 requires the identification and contact information of parties involved in the importation of the pesticide or device and information on the identity of the imported pesticide or device shipment. EPA will review the form and indicate the disposition of the shipment upon its arrival in the United States. Upon completing Form 3540-1, EPA returns the form to the importer of record or authorized agent, who must present the form to CBP upon arrival of the shipment at the port of entry. This is necessary to ensure that EPA is notified of the arrival of pesticides and devices as required under the FIFRA section 17(c), and that EPA has the ability to examine such shipments to determine compliance with FIFRA. Upon the arrival of the shipment, the importer presents the completed notice of arrival (NOA) to the CBP District Director at the port of entry. CBP compares entry documents for the shipment with the NOA and notifies the EPA regional office of any discrepancies.
During this renewal of this information collection, EPA proposes to amend Form 3540-1. The proposed amendments clarify the instructions for completing the form, revise the data items, and update the terminology used on the form to be consistent with thoseused by CBP. In addition, EPA is capturing the burden of providing supplemental information submitted with Form 3540-1 to the Agency by most importers on a voluntary basis.
Burden statement: The annual public reporting and recordkeeping burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 0.43 hours per response. The ICR, a copy of which is available in the docket, provides a detailed explanation of this estimate, which is only briefly summarized here:
Estimated total number of potential respondents:28,000.
Frequency of response: On occasion.
Estimated total average number of responses for each respondent:1.
Estimated total annual burden hours:12,040 hours.
Estimated total annual costs:$685,146. This is the estimated burden cost; there is no cost for capital investment or maintenance and operational costs in this information collection.
Changes in the estimates from the last approval: The renewal of this ICR will result in an overall increase of 4,540 hours in the total estimated respondent burden identified in the currently approved ICR. This increase is a result of an increase in the annual number of NOAs submitted and an increase in the burden hours per response. The annual number of NOAs submitted to EPA increased from 25,000 to 28,000. The average burden hours per response will change from 0.3 hours for the previous ICR renewal to 0.43 hours for this ICR renewal. This change in burden hours per response is a result of changes to the data items on Form 3450-1, as well as an accounting of the burden of voluntarily submitting certain information. Specifically, this burden estimate accounts for the new burdens related to providing information for the telephone numbers and email addresses of the shipper, importer of record, licensed broker, and ultimate consignee when supplying name and address information, and that the complete address, including telephone and email address, of the carrier be provided. In addition, EPA is accounting for the burden of voluntarily providing active ingredients and percentage of each, supporting documentation for registered and unregistered pesticides, as well as intended use information for unregistered pesticides. This change is an adjustment.
C. Docket ID Number EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0886 ↑
Title: Application for New and Amended Pesticide Registration.
ICR numbers: EPA ICR No. 0277.16, OMB Control No. 2070-0060.
ICR status: The approval for this ICR is scheduled to expire on July 31, 2012.
Affected entities: Entities potentially affected by this ICR are individuals or entities engaged in activities related to the registration of pesticide products. The NAICS code assigned to the entities responding to this information is 325300 (pesticide and other agricultural and chemical manufacturing).
Abstract: This ICR renewal will allow EPA to collect necessary data to evaluate an application of a pesticide product as required under section 3 of FIFRA, and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA), as amended by the Food Quality Protection Act (FQPA) of August 3, 1996. Under FIFRA, EPA must evaluate pesticides thoroughly before they can be marketed and used in the United States, to ensure that they will not pose unreasonable adverse effects to human health and the environment. Pesticides that meet this test are granted a license or “registration” which permits their distribution, sale, and use according to requirements set by EPA to protect human health and the environment..
Burden statement: The annual public reporting and recordkeeping burden for this collection of information is estimated to range from 14 hours to 840 hours, depending upon the type of response. The ICR, a copy of which is available in the docket, provides a detailed explanation of this estimate, which is only briefly summarized here:
Estimated total number of potential respondents:1,758.
Frequency of response: On occasion.
Estimated total average number of responses for each respondent:1.
Estimated total annual burden hours:55,412 hours.
Estimated total annual costs:$4,101,100. This is the estimated burden cost; there is no cost for capital investment or maintenance and operational costs in this information collection.
Changes in the estimates from the last approval: The renewal of this ICR will result in an overall decrease of 20,768 hours in the total estimated respondent burden identified in the currently approved ICR. This decrease reflects fewer expected responses across all response types. The reduction in EPA's response estimate is primarily from a reduction in “Type B” activities, which include amendments and notifications, in the Antimicrobial Division. Based on experience over the past three years, the Agency has reduced the number of responses to reflect estimates closer to actual number of responses. In addition, due to some industry consolidation and based on registration maintenance fee data, EPA has identified 42 fewer ICR respondents. This change is an adjustment.
V. What is the Next Step in the Process for these ICRs? ↑
EPA will consider the comments received and amend the individual ICRs as appropriate. The final ICR packages will then be submitted to OMB for review and approval pursuant to 5 CFR 1320.12. EPA will issue another Federal Register notice.
List of Subjects ↑
Environmental protection, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.Dated: December 7, 2011. James Jones, Acting Assistant Administrator, Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention.Hiya All. We've had our ISPconfig 3 running for a while now. Just noticed that we dont seem to be able to FTP to it from a program ( dreamweaver / filezilla ) The files copy ok but the web server thinks they dont exist or cannot get to them. If however I ftp manually or via windows explorer they work fine... Any Ideas ? ChrisThree Days in Santa Fe
Certainly there's plenty to see and do (and buy and eat!) in the downtown historic district to keep even the most energetic of visitors busy for another day or two. Still, you may want to venture a bit farther. With three days to spend in Santa Fe, you can explore other areas of the City Different and still have time for a day trip!
Here are a few suggestions for branching out while staying in town:
Guadalupe Historic District
The Guadalupe Historic District is named for the massive adobe church on the corner of Guadalupe Street and Agua Fria Street. First built in the late 1700s, the Santuario de Guadalupe is famous for its beautiful altar screen, which tells the story of a vision of the Virgin Mary by a Mexican peasant named Juan Diego in 1531. The large center panel is the prototype for the icon-popular throughout the Southwest-known as Our Lady of Guadalupe.
Outside the church, you'll find a neighborhood filled with shops and restaurants. Wander to the other end of Guadalupe Street to the Railyard, the site of Santa Fe's first train depot. [Factoid: The Denver and Rio Grande Railroad first came through town in 1880, bringing visitors and settlers in record numbers and sounding the death knell for the Santa Fe Trail.] Next time you come to Santa Fe, you won't recognize the place! A massive building project is planned for the site. Even now, there are plenty of antique shops to explore. More shops line either side of Guadalupe Street as well as its side streets. Stop for a latte at the Aztec Street Café, a funky local hangout located on (you guessed it) Aztec Street, just east of Guadalupe Street. Check out Double Take, right on the corner of Guadalupe and Aztec Streets, a favorite second-hand shop selling curios, jewelry, housewares, vintage clothes and furniture. Don't miss their wall of cowboy boots-probably the best deal in town.
Head west on Montezuma Street and you'll come to the Sanbusco Center. Browse for shoes at On Your Feet or clothes at CP Shades, Kioti, or any of the other specialty clothing stores. El Tesoro is a great place for lunch.
Another good lunch choice is the Cowgirl Hall of Fame Restaurant on Guadalupe Street. Have the green chile cheeseburger or the frito pie: Texas chile (with beef brisket or vegetarian) poured over an open bag of Fritos Corn Chips and topped with sour cream and onions (hey, you're on vacation, right?). On weekend nights the Cowgirl offers live music and a rowdy atmosphere. In warmer months the outdoor patio is a party every night. Or check out the Zia Diner across the street, which serves classic "diner" food with a Southwestern twist in a bright, casual atmosphere.
For more nightlife in the area, try the bar at Railyard Restaurant and Saloon, a loud and popular nightspot. WilLee's Blues Club on the corner of Guadalupe and Montezuma Streets is one of the few places in town (sigh) with a dance floor.
Museum Hill
You can easily lose yourself for an afternoon (or longer!) at the cluster of Museums of New Mexico located on Camino Lejo just off Old Santa Fe Trail. The Wheelwright Museum of the American Indian showcases the art and artifacts of tribes throughout the Southwest. Deepen your knowledge and appreciation of native cultures at the Museum of Indian Arts and Culture. Explore the world of the Spanish conquistadors, missionaries, settlers and artists-as well as Spanish art from around the world-at the Museum of Spanish Colonial Art. And don't miss the Museum of International Folk Art, a stunning collection of works from around the world. All the museums have gift shops well worth visiting, and the Museum Hill Café serves American Continental as well Southwestern cuisine.
Canyon Road
Canyon Road on Santa Fe's east side is lined with galleries showcasing everything from traditional Southwestern and contemporary paintings to jewelry and sculpture. The Friday night "art walk" is a Santa Fe tradition. Many of the galleries host openings starting in the late afternoon. But you can do your own Canyon Road walk anytime. Most galleries are open every day.
Park anywhere on Canyon Road from Paseo de Peralta to Palace Avenue. (If there's nothing available on the street, there is a pay lot near the top of the hill. And yes, you'll get a ticket if your time runs out!) Work your way up and down the hill, stopping at every gallery or at just the ones that call you. Try Darnell Fine Arts for contemporary work; Alexandra Stevens has an eclectic stable of artists and styles. Both galleries are housed in charming old Canyon Road adobes. Nedra Matteucci Fine Art carries a marvelous display of paintings, sculpture and jewelry in a spacious light-filled space.
Hungry? Try the Tea House near the corner of Palace Avenue. They serve sandwiches, salads and pastries as well as the widest variety of teas you'll find anywhere. The garden is filled with locals all afternoon. Bring your laptop: The Teahouse has free wireless internet access.
Canyon Road is also home to two of Santa Fe's most upscale restaurants, The Compound and Geronimo. Treat yourself to a fabulous lunch; better yet, make a reservation and come back for dinner. Another must-do is El Farol. One of the most popular bars in Santa Fe (come out and dance on Friday and Saturday nights), it's also famous for its tapas.
Ready to see more of New Mexico? Hop in the car-there's plenty to see in just a half-day's time.
Chimayó
If you're only going to take one side trip, this is the one to do. Not only is the Santuario de Chimayó one of the most famous churches in the world, getting there is a real treat. Take Route 285 north out of town (it's the only road out of town to the north!). Wait for it: in a few minutes, a beautiful vista of pink hills will open up before you. Now you're in New Mexico! Keep driving north, past the signs for Los Alamos and the Cities of Gold Casino. Soon you'll come to a stoplight and a sign for NM 503. Turn right and enjoy this lovely road through the tiny town of Nambé for eleven miles. Watch for the sign for NM 76 toward the Santuario de Chimayó. You're probably noticing that the scenery has been getting more and more outrageous: can you tell that this land was once an ocean floor (waaaay back in the day)?
In a few miles you'll come to the Santuario de Chimayó, one of the most visited churches in the world. The little chapel is famous for its gorgeous setting, its simple and lovely adobe-and-wood Spanish-style architecture, and the beautiful santero-style (sacred folk art made by local artisans-santeros-in the eighteenth century) artwork inside. Mostly, though, the santuario is famous for its "holy dirt," said to have healing properties (as the crutches and testimonials in the room next to the sanctuary attest). Bring along a plastic bag-or buy a container at the gift shop-to take some of the dirt home with you, as millions of visitors have done before you.
Chimayó is also known for its chiles! Buy a ristra (a wreath or string of red chiles) or a bag of powdered green chile to spice up your kitchen. Ristras make great gifts: most of the shops will ship them for you.
Many Chimayó families have been practicing the art of weaving for generations. Stop in at Ortega's Weaving Shop. They carry beautiful handmade rugs, blankets, wall hangings and accessories.
Want to make your adventure into a whole day's trip? At Chimayó you're poised at the edge of the High Road to Taos, a gorgeous scenic drive through tiny old towns with beautiful historic churches (at the junction of NM 76, turn right and enjoy the scenery. At the end of NM 56, turn right onto NM 75, then left on NM 518, which will take you to NM 68 (turn right), the road into Taos. Driving time from Chimayó to Taos on the High Road: 1-1½ hours). Or turn left on NM 76 back towards the main highway (known as the Low Road) and continue north. Once you're through Española, this is also a beautiful-and much faster-drive (driving time: ¾ hour or so). Either way, you'll eventually arrive in the town of Taos in time to walk around its historic plaza and stroll down Kit Carson Street (grab a coffee or ice cream at Caffe Tazza). If you got an early start, you may even have time for a visit to Taos Pueblo (where you can easily spend an entire day), just a few miles north of town. There are plenty of great choices for dinner in Taos. Try the Apple Tree on Bent Street or Doc Marten's at the Taos Inn. Still haven't had enough margaritas? The bar at the Taos Inn makes a mean one. Have a seat in the patio out front and people-watch as you end it with some guacamole and chips.- Sort:
- Most Popular | Most Recent
Panaromic image of Rancho Los Pavos, setup as part of a photo-remonitoring project to evaluate vegetation changes in response to various management treatments. To learn more about conservation programs which are helping jaguars recover throughout their northern range visit
and
......
A view of plot 16 in the new Black Rhino Reserve in the Pilanesberg
Sokole Góry koło Częstochowy - Rezerwat Przyrody.
- U.S. Army - ehemaliges Uebungsgelaende nahe der Harvey Barracks in Kitzingen - Juni 2008 by
This is the former exercise area from the U.S. Army near the Harvey Barracks in Kitzingen. Here you can still see the watch tower. One year later the tower are demolished. . Now the nature conquer back this area. You can see a kind of steppe. . Watch the newest photo from June 2009 -... varie...
Thismagazine.org
volume2 issue1 description as in gigapan.org/gigapans/9435/ see also gigapan.org/gigapans/41138/
_Gun.An open house for real estate agents
In the last few years the real estate market, both nationwide and in the Ninth District, has been on fire. And, like moths swarming to that fire, the market for real estate agents has also swelled.
Published March 1, 2005 | March 2005 issue
In the last few years the real estate market, both nationwide and in the Ninth District, has been on fire. And, like moths swarming to that fire, the market for real estate agents has also swelled.
The National Association of Realtors says its membership has grown by over 100,000 in the last year alone. State and local branches districtwide report similar growth as well.
But now, with some analysts forecasting that housing sales cannot continue their pace, it is natural to ask what will happen to all the agents, and to the business itself. No one is predicting catastrophe, but there is reason to believe the number may taper off.
So, what do you do?
Anywhere in the country, the story is the same: More people are going into real estate every day.
Since 2000—and coincident with the onset of lower mortgage rates—the number of licensed real estate agents (which includes sales agents and brokers) in Minnesota jumped 37 percent to almost 30,000, and Wisconsin saw a similar increase. In the last year alone, the Minneapolis Area Association of Realtors has noted an 11 percent increase in its membership.
Almost all of that increase has come in sales agents rather than brokers, whose numbers have stayed fairly constant. In most states, licenses for salespeople and brokers are separate. A broker must have at least two years' sales experience, and only a broker may operate a realty business. New entrants to the business must first become licensed as salespeople, and many never bother to become brokers. "Brokers generally make less money and have more headaches," said John Lockner, president of the St. Paul Area Association of Realtors.
Who are all these new salespeople? "There's really no specific demographic of the people that our work attracts," said Lockner, whose association now has more than 4,000 members, up from 2,300 just two years ago.
Kris Sheridan, a realtor in Fargo, N.D., generally agreed but added that many of the new realtors are younger. "We have a few people in the last couple of years who have come from large corporate cultures, and the companies have either moved out of town or something has changed in that corporate culture that made them decide to do something else."
Darlene Martin, owner/broker at Select Realty in Marquette, Mich., is seeing more retirees interested in selling houses part time. Still other realtors claimed that newcomers were married women, reentering the labor market after raising young children.
Regardless of who all these rookies are, there are some general reasons the number of real estate agents has climbed. One factor, of course, is the booming housing market, fueled in part by record-low mortgage interest rates—a demand formula that has also pushed up housing prices. This combination of high sales volume and rising prices (and therefore commissions) has led to dollar signs in the eyes of prospective salespeople.
One might think that existing agents would be worried about the competition effect that all these newcomers could have on commissions. According to the National Association of Realtors, commission rates have fallen recently, but data on exactly how much they've fallen—and equally important, where—are closely guarded.
In the district, commission rates don't appear to have moved much in spite of the wave of new agents. Lockner said, "We've seen [falling rates] as a national trend, but locally we have not started seeing that. There's been a slight variation on commissions, but we haven't seen the overall trend that the nation has seen. The reason for it is our marketplace has a few very dominant players, where many other places have multiple dominant players. And because of that, we don't see that trend."
Other agents in Sioux Falls, S.D., Fargo, N.D., and Marquette reported that commission rates seem to have fallen slightly in their areas, although all of them stated that their own rates remained unchanged. Even where commissions have decreased, most realtors don't seem to think the newcomers are the source because they account for a small portion of total sales.
Rather, the pressure on commissions has come from other changes in the market. "I don't know if it's so much the people entering as it is the discount brokers that are stepping in," Minneapolis-area realtor Sean Lake said. The hot market has allowed more homeowners to sell their houses, in a sense pitting salespeople against their own prospective clients. In addition, even while the rates agents charge have decreased, the value of commissions has grown, since home prices have risen so fast.
Meanwhile, job growth in many other occupations has been subdued. Lockner noted that many of his new members were newly laid-off workers taking advantage of public retraining money to attend real estate school and get a license. "The barrier to entry is low; you can be in the business and licensed in Minnesota for less than $1,000," he said.
But much of the attraction isn't anything new. "It's all the reasons, frankly, that people have been going into the real estate business for as long as I've been in it," said Fargo realtor Sheridan, "the flexibility of hours, more control of their lives. Nobody can downsize their position. So they have lots more control of their career."
In some ways selling houses represents the American dream—owning a business and being one's own boss. Sheridan said real estate agents think they can reach this dream "without having a huge financial investment, because they're under the umbrella of usually a real estate company, so they can be in business for themselves without a lot of risk."
Are bon bons involved?
But newcomers also have some naïve notions about the occupation, according to experienced real estate agents.
"I think a lot of people think it's easy and all we do is look at cute houses all day," said Sheridan.
Martin of Marquette said many people are interested in having a lucrative part-time job. "I always tell people ... that you can't do it just part time because you're not just working 8 til noon. If you do a good job it's the snowball effect. You're just going to get more and more business, and that's what you want." Martin added, "You can't have somebody call you and want to buy a house and then say, 'Sorry, I already have four clients that I'm working with and I don't want to work with any more.' You just don't do that, because it's feast or famine in this business, too."
Part time or full, selling homes can be hard work. Lockner worries new agents "have a perception that they come into the business and they're going to make a lot of money; they come in and put in their 40 hours per week and at 5 o'clock they go home, and they have weekends off."
Any realtor with such hopes is in for a surprise in many aspects, including financial.
"I worry, and I always tell people that I interview, that there isn't a lot of money in it in the beginning," Sheridan said. "It takes a long time to build up a clientele through referrals."
Lockner said running a small business is much more difficult than people often realize. It can be hard to imagine being paid entirely on commission. Realtors are also responsible for their own health care and retirement plans. The National Association of Realtors is now lobbying Congress to make it possible for the association to purchase health plans, and thereby get the insurance rates that large employers can command.
Taxation poses other problems that often don't occur to those giddy for a piece of the real estate action. As independent contractors, realtors must provide the employer contribution to Social Security (the self-employment tax), effectively doubling payroll taxes—something budding realtors may not take into account when they enter the profession. Successful agents must also pay quarterly income taxes.
When looking at the huge number of sales in recent years, it's tempting to think about getting a piece of the action. But this overlooks another crucial facet of real estate-a very uneven distribution of sales among agents.
Recent research by the National Association of Realtors has uncovered something that could be called the 93-7 rule. Of all the homes sold nationwide, 93 percent are sold by 7 percent of realtors, leaving the housing-sale scraps for the large majority of realtors.
Even if the sales were distributed evenly, it would be hard to see how all the salespeople could make it. For example, in the 13-county Twin Cities metropolitan region, approximately 54,000 homes were sold in 2003. With somewhere between 16,000 and 17,000 licensed real estate agents in the same region, that averages out to around three to four homes each. Any realtor will say that isn't enough to provide a livable income.
Realtors will take solace in the fact that many licensees are not currently practicing, which brings up real average sales a bit. But barely anyone is average. At Lockner's firm, the average is 33 home sales per year.
On second thought, I don't like bon bons
These different factors—a low barrier to entry, a long startup period, high overhead and tough competition—all combine to produce another regular feature of the real estate business: a high rate of turnover.
Enrollments in real estate courses, for example, suggest that interest in the profession has not cooled off much. And while real estate firms in the district have not yet seen an exodus of agents, they all agreed the herd will thin once sales start to slow. Lockner said he thinks it should take around a year to 18 months for a correction in the number of realtors.
And Sheridan added, "I think there are probably a fair amount of people in the real estate business today who are maybe part time, who will no longer stay in the business because it will be too difficult. So I don't worry about the great real estate associates doing well in tough times. But the mediocre and the poor will be gone."
That isn't to downplay the experience of those who've had an unsuccessful go at selling homes. On the contrary, Lockner and others are taking steps to inform new agents before they get into the business.
"We've even talked about having a prelicensing preschool for realtors, or seminar, to answer all those questions before they jump through the hoops of getting licensed and getting into the business, because then they can at least know the realities of what the business has to offer," Lockner said.
While there doesn't appear to be a chronic oversupply of real estate agents, the profession might avoid some unnecessary turnover by properly informing prospective salespeople of what lies ahead with a career in real estate. Until then, realtors' associations will be quite happy raking in extra dues.
Number of Licensed Real Estate Agents by State, 2000-2004Fight At NFL Pro Bowl is More Exciting Than Actual Game [Video]
Big rivalry and playoff games in the NFL are known to bring out the passion and intensity within its fans. However, I don’t think that the Pro-bowl really qualifies as one of those “Big rivalry” games. The game is really more of a non-competitive, and very poorly attended, dog & pony show of the “who’s-who” in the NFL’s AFC & NFC conferences.
So if nothing is at stake in this game, why then, one might ask, would a fan of any team have a reason to throwdown? Check out this video & decide for yourself. (The action picks up around the 25 second marker) By the way if anyone out there cares, the AFC got crushed by the NFC 63-35.Born in Wyoming and raised in Missouri to the sounds of Jazz, Bluegrass and R&B, Nichols landed in NYC to study fashion and, ultimately, the artsy circle he hung with led him to London and the then-vogue, bass-driven sounds of Reggae and Dub. His Capitol debut, Lover's Knot, is a cult classic, balancing perfectly all of the sounds he had consumed into an endearing yet subtle amalgamation. After getting dropped by Capitol, Nichols headed to Jamaica to record the Reggae-meets-Country Just What Time It Is. On Easy Now, Nichols new Rykodisc release, the singer/songwriter has streamlined the eclecticism a little, leaving the focus on his smooth, spooky songwriting. The record has the fluidity and warmth of an old school R&B album, with Nichols' sly and intimate vocal approach brushing up sensually against the tracks like James Taylor being backed by some old Philly Soul instrumentalists. While more mature than past efforts, the laid back nature of Easy Now still manages to put disparate sounds together and make it seem like that's the way it was always meant to be.
At the Southgate House on Sunday.-- M.B.The Subaru Impreza WRX is known as one of the most desired tuner cars from the land of the rising sun – Japan. With a 2.5L turbocharged engine in a compact body the size of your grandma’s Honda Civic, to the uninitiated, it’s like a wolf in sheep’s clothing… a ninja amongst a mass of humans.
Just like a Ninja, this WRX is equipped with a plethora of concealed weapons used to conquer the track. Sure, it show a handsome, well groomed persona on the outside (thanks in part to the spectacular Rota G-Force wheels), but on the inside, it’s a different story. This car has been modified where it counts.
We were lucky to have photographed Aurick’s Impreza just after he gave it a thorough workout during the 2012 PornFest, before it sped off into the darkness to reign terror through the night. And we have the red apocalyptic sunset in the background for effect.
Read on to find out what modifications have been done to Aurick Go‘s Subaru Impreza WRX, turning it into the Ninja Impreza that it is today…
Specifications
Subaru Impreza WRX
Engine
ECU Reflash
AGR Exhaust Full Turbo back custom exhaust
Sard Vacuum Hoses
Brakes and Suspension
Goodridge Stainless Steel Brake Lines
Project Mu Slotted Rotors Front
Endless MX72 Front Brake Pads
Hawk HPS Rear Brake Pads
BC Racing V1 Coilovers
Wheels and Tires
Rota G-Force 18×8.5 +38
Nitto NT555 235/40/18
Aesthetics
STI CF Wing
Juran Rubber Chin
Red Tint Tail lamp Overlay
Yellow Tint Fog lamp Overlay
Interior
STI 5MT Duracon Shift Knob
Defi-link Advance CR Boost Gauge
Defi-link Advance Controller
Napolex Broadway 300mm Blue Lens Convex Mirror
Aurick’s Shoutout:
“I’d like to thank my parents first of all for supporting me with my hobby (even if andami laging sira or glitches sa oto, they’re very understanding of the nature of my hobby) the fact that they let me go out and drive at motorsports events means a lot to me. I’d also like to thank all my friends at ACE for influencing me throughout the build my car. Lastly i’d like to give credit to Migs Herrera, Andrew Dy and the whole crew at Speedy Fix for maintaining and keeping my car running despite all the hard runs I put it through.”
Related Stuff:
– See more coverage of the 2012 PornFest.
– See more customized and tuned Subaru Imprezas here.
– See more cars equipped with Rota Wheels here.
Yun oh! :D. Don’t forget it also gets air time :>
awwww yeaaaaa!
nice one Aurick!
Go Aurick Go! :)
nice one!
yahoo!!!! congrats on the feature!!!
Ninja? nothing great with the mods? Saw it a couple of times and it’s slow on the track
Jabongga – Hahaha! It’s the theme of the photoshoot bro. It really matches the car.
Jabongga – I love you pare. Sarap ng buhay niyong mga haters :))From the January 29 edition of Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor:
Previously:
Right-Wing Media Attack Colin Powell After Meet The Press Interview
Fox's Doocy Forgets Colin Powell Was First Black Secretary Of State While Attacking Powell's Remarks On The GOP And Race
Fox's O'Reilly Takes Credit For Romney's "Gifts" Comments, Says He's "Right On The Money"Presented in cellophane gift bags, these handcrafted soap blossoms make perfect princess-themed shower favors. For supplies, you’ll need little more than microwavable glycerin soap and a flower-shaped fondant cutter.
You’ll need:
- Waxed paper
- Baking pan (about 4 1/4- by 7-inches or similar size)
- Kitchen knife
- 1 to 1 1/2 pounds opaque glycerin soap (sold in craft stores and online)
- Large glass measuring cup or other microwaveable container with a pouring spout
- Wooden spoon or craft stick
- Pink soap dye
- Soap scent (optional)
- Flower-shaped fondant or cookie cutter (about 2 3/8-inches wide)
- Round fondant cutter (about 1/2-inch) for cutting out the flower centers
- Small cellophane gift bags
- Curly lavender ribbon
Instructions:
1. Line the pan with waxed paper and set it aside.
2. Cut two-fifths of the glycerin soap into cubes and put them in the measuring cup. Melt the soap in the microwave according to the directions on the package. Stir in enough drops of soap dye to get the shade of pink you like. Stir in some soap scent, too, if you like.
3. Pour the melted soap into the lined pan and let it cool for about 15 to 18 minutes (it should be firm but still soft enough to cut easily). Lift the waxed paper to remove the soap from the pan and set it on a flat surface, paper and all.
4. Re-line the pan with new waxed paper and prepare a second batch of soap as you did the first, this time using a little more dye to create a deeper shade of pink.
5. While the second batch of soap cools, cut out as many flower shapes as you can from the first batch. Then use the small round fondant cutter to cut a center hole in each flower. Set the round cutouts aside for now. Cut more flower shapes from the second batch when it’s ready, and again cut a center hole in each one.
6. Now fill in the center holes with the round cutouts, inserting the light pink soap circles into the darker pink flowers and vice versa. You can also cut out some white centers from the remaining un-melted soap (sliced to the same thickness as the flowers), if you like. Tip: To ensure that each center fits snuggly enough to hold in place, use your thumb to gently press down on the top just enough to slightly flatten it prior to inserting it in a flower.
7. For each favor, package a pair of flower soaps in a cellophane gift bag tied with a curly lavender ribbon.
For more Princess fun, check out the official Disney Princess site.KIRKUS REVIEW
Seventeen-year-old Chuy dies in the opening scene of this view from beyond; thereafter the story is told by his ghost, “invisible and touchable as light.” Stabbed three times after commenting on a guy’s yellow shoes in the restroom of Club Estrella, Chuy never gets to dance with his friend Rachel. Instead, “like a balloon in the wind,” he floats around town observing the life he’s left. He meets and falls in love with Crystal, who has committed suicide, helps a dead homeless man, flies in formation with some geese, and even takes in a Raiders game. Chuy realizes that he’ll soon be heading for the afterlife but is grateful for the life he had. The ghosts offer no inside information on the big questions: Do we come back? Does heaven exist? How does the Almighty decide who lives and dies? Soto writes with a touch as light as Chuy’s ghost and with humor, wonderment, and a generosity toward life. (Fiction. 12+)Access
To view this article you will need to login or make a payment.
If you have arrived on this page from an external web site and wish to view the article abstract first, click on the link below.
Citation
Kristof Seidl, Jens Knobbe, Danilo Schneider, and Hubert Lakner, "Distortion correction of all-reflective unobscured optical-power zoom objective," Appl. Opt. 49, 2712-2719 (2010)
Please contact elec@osa.org with any questions you may have.Fri, Sep 06 2013 02:27 PM Posted By: Phillip Brents
The Olympian Eagles answered some questions in Saturday’s season opening 26-7 non-league victory at Point Loma and will answer a few more in Friday’s non-league clash against the visiting Francis Parker Lancers.
Do the Eagles possess championship material once again despite a huge turnover in varsity personnel? That same question also can be asked about the Lancers, who finished runner-up in last year’s San Diego Section Division V championship game but are making the move up to Division III this season.
Parker kicked off its season with a 41-6 shellacking of host Coronado last week, which should make Friday’s encounter very interesting.
In the meantime, it was time for a new convocation of Eagles to celebrate what for many was their first varsity victory. The win also was the first for former assistant Paul Van Nostrand as Olympian’s new head coach.
“(It was an) excellent team win to start the season against a quality opponent,” Van Nostrand said.
Quarterback Gary Cannon completed 11 of 22 passing attempts for 181 yards and one touchdown. He also rushed 34 times for 139 yards.
Will Lampkin rushed 14 times for 78 yards.
Manny Rodriguez, however, had the big day in the scoring department with three touchdowns — one rushing, one receiving and one on an interception return.
Rodriguez had nine catches for 55 yards; he caught one scoring pass for 11 yards and also scored on an 11-yard run.
Parker rolled up 277 rushing yards in last Friday’s non-league win over the Islanders. New signal-caller Khaleel Jenkins did most of the damage with 114 rushing yards and five rushing touchdowns.
Jesse Brookins, one of the Lancers’ group of South County players, rushed 16 times for 113 yards and scored once. Two other South Bay residents, Daven Horne (two pass receptions) and Ayman Mayberry (one interception), also entered their names on the score sheet.
“(We have) another perennial playoff participant this week, (so) it will take another solid team effort,” Olympian’s Van Nostrand said.
© 2009 The Star-NewsApache Raider (2009)
Apache Raider
2009
price$875
YEAR2008/2009
TIP/TAIL/WAIST119/78/105
LEVELAdvanced
LENGTHS
Notice that the Raider resembles the eminently successful Apache Recon (AME Speed) without the metal and with a less powerful binding. That shape in a softer, less demanding layup makes for a fun ride that's anything but gutless. It's the widest ski in the category, so it's extra stable and a good choice for honing powder skills. But it's no pussycat. In fact, experts might find it to be a great value. "Ready to take an intermediate to the next level," said Schoff.
Best For
Getting comfortable with speed
Not For
Sudden moves in tight spots
Similar Skis
- 3.4 / 5$700.00
- $790.00
- 3.1 / 5$850.00
- $749.00
- $750.00
- $800.00
- 2.9 / 5$749.00
- 3.3 / 5$1149.00
- $500.00
- $1300.00
- $1150.00
- $1065.00
- $700.00
- $900.00
- 3.2 / 5$900.00
- $729.00
- $600.00
- 3.7 / 5$625.00
- $810.00
- $1039.00
reviews of Apache Raider (2009)
All submitted comments are subject to the license terms set forth in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Setting record straight on pensions and CalPERS
By ROB FECKNER
In the debate over the future of public pensions, there has been a lot of misinformation and misunderstanding about pensions, including in the pages of this paper. I would like to set the record straight by correcting a few pension myths and providing a fuller picture.
First, here are some important facts you should know:
• The average CalPERS pension is about $25,000 per year.
• Half of CalPERS retirees receive $16,000 per year or less.
• Seventy-eight percent of retirees receive $36,000 per year or less.
• It’s been reported that some of our members earn a pension of more than $100,000 a year. While true, it represents less than 2 percent of all our retirees, specialized skilled employees or other high-wage earners who worked 30 years or more and served in high-level management positions.
• Pension costs for the State of California are less than 5 percent of the state’s general fund.
It is important to remember that pensions are a shared responsibility. Every dollar paid to CalPERS pensioners comes from three sources—investments, employers and members. Approximately 63 cents of every dollar currently paid in pensions comes from our investments. Historically, this number has been as high as 75 cents on the dollar. The remainder is funded by employers who contribute 22 cents and members 15 cents on a dollar.
The health of CalPERS investments has also been called into question. While we did experience a decline in our investments like all investors, our assets stand at approximately $200 billion, a gain of more than $50 billion from our low point during the economic downturn.
Finally, there has been a lot of attention paid to two studies’ analysis of whether a pension plan’s financial statements accurately reflect the plan’s assets and liabilities.
The studies—completed by graduate students at Stanford University and the Reason Foundation— concluded that pension funds use overly optimistic assumptions about future investment returns, thus lowering projected liabilities. The studies further stated that pension funds should use a risk-free investment return assumption. By doing so, the studies have conjured up a half trillion dollar liability and the falsehood that CalPERS and other pension funds are hiding trillions of dollars of liabilities. These conclusions are not supported by the facts.
The studies ignore our diversified investment portfolio that has been time-tested during our 78 year history. If CalPERS had followed the recommended approach in the study, we would have given up billions of dollars in investment earnings that have helped finance pensions.
The future of public pensions is an important topic. CalPERS has, and will remain, an honest broker of information.
Rob Feckner is president of the CalPERS Board of Administration.KOCHVILLE TWP., MI — Saginaw Valley State University receiver Jeff Janis was named the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference Offensive Player of the Week Monday after a record-breaking game Saturday against Lake Erie College.
Janis, a 6-foot-3 junior from Tawas, caught 12 passes for a conference and school-record 300 yards. He caught one touchdown pass in the Cardinals' 51-24 win. He had four catches of 30 yards or more.
SVSU quarterback Jonathon Jennings also broke the school record with 511 yards passing in the game.
The previous SVSU records were set in 2003 against Ferris State by quarterback Mark Radlinski (431 yards passing) and former NFL receiver Glenn Martinez (234 yards receiving).Arena Subsidy Opponents Claim Mounting Evidence Against City
Opponents of Sacramento's arena subsidy say they have mounting evidence of secret, backdoor dealings between top city officials and the Kings' new ownership group. In a lawsuit, local attorney Patrick Soluri has alleged that the $258 million subsidy that appears on a term sheet is in fact, much higher. He says "sweeteners" were added behind-the-scenes and that a new deposition from Councilman Kevin McCarty helps proves it.
"There is now clear communication from the investor group asking for a subsidy for the purchase of the Kings franchise. They clearly articulated that they felt they were overpaying for the team and that they needed the city to make up the difference," Soluri told KFBK.
In sworn testimony, McCarty states the teams' investors were asking for $125 million more than the city was willing or able to offer and apparently stormed out of a meeting when the request was denied. Soluri maintains that land, parking spaces and billboards were then added into the deal at prices that were undervalued or not valued at all.
"My understanding is that...they put a deal together with pieces - city assets above the $258 million. And in their characterization of the deal to me...this is what needed to get done in order for the parties to come to an agreement...sweeteners to make it work for both parties," McCarty testified.
Soluri says the use of public assets to "make up the difference" in the purchase of the team - and not aid in arena construction - amounts to fraud and a betrayal of public trust. City officials have said they believe their land valuations are solid, or even overstated given a sluggish real estate market. Values may not have been placed on parking spaces given the lack of arena designs at that point and the billboard sites also currently sit vacant.
KFBK was one of three media outlets to obtain a copy of Councilman McCarty's deposition and he could not be reached for comment on Thursday. City officials make it a point not to comment on pending litigation. Soluri says he's not done with depositions and will seek to get more evidence before a judge in the coming months. schemes in physical and medium access control layers. Some technical challenges for implementing CA technique.Pronunciation: aonaigh
Added on: 2010-02-10 Listened: 72 timesin: Add categories to aonaigh
Pronunciation in Irish [ga]
Could you do it better? different accent? Pronounce aonaigh in Irish
Accents & languages on maps
- Random word: riachtanach
Not satisfied?
· Request a new pronunciation
Modify word:
· Add languages
· Add categories
Report word:
Is there anything wrong with this word?
Please report it here.Ends *Exclusions
New Lower Pricing, No Coupon Necessary.
Hurry. Limited Time Only! No Minimums.
Ships the Same Business Day When Order is Placed Before 3:00 p.m.(CST)*
View the entire Victorian Collection by Delta Faucet
The Delta Faucet T17455 has additional Required/Recommended options. To configure, add to your cart.
Delta Faucet 75055Wall Mount Soap DispenserRetail Price: $33.05Your Price: $21.48
Delta Faucet RP33791LHPSingle Handle Deck Mount HandShowerRetail Price: $393.25Your Price: $255.61
Delta Faucet RP37039Soap Lotion DispenserRetail Price: $66.10Your Price: $42.97
Delta Faucet A716Handle Accent KitRetail Price: $12.95Your Price: $9.07
Delta Faucet 75035Double Robe HookRetail Price: $28.20Your Price: $18.33
Delta Faucet 75056Wall Mount Toothbrush/Tumbler HolderRetail Price: $40.55Your Price: $26.36
Delta Faucet 7522424" Double Towel BarRetail Price: $90.45Your Price: $58.79
Delta Faucet 75046Towel RingRetail Price: $35.25Your Price: $22.91
Single Handle Monitor 17 Series Tub & Shower Victorian ProductsTwo points of consolation for any Olympics fans who find themselves in the wrong Vancouver on Feb. 12 -- Vancouver, Wash., instead of Vancouver, British Columbia:
You wouldn't be the first to confuse the two. "I get a lot of business folks who catch the shuttle from the Portland airport coming over here, and they think they're actually going to Canada," said Brian Kaiser, hospitality specialist at the Heathman Lodge in Vancouver, Wash., over the Columbia River from Oregon.Vale Says Shareholders Seeking Replacement for CEO Agnelli
April 1 (Bloomberg) -- Vale SA, the world´s largest iron-ore producer, said its controlling shareholders are seeking to replace Chief Executive Officer Roger Agnelli after he was criticized for not spending enough on some Brazilian projects.
The Valepar SA shareholder group hired an international recruitment consultant to help draw up a list of three possible candidates to succeed Agnelli, 51, once his term expires in May, Rio de Janeiro-based Vale said in a statement late yesterday.
Agnelli´s ouster follows months of speculation about his position under President Dilma Rousseff, after the Brazilian government criticized Vale for not investing more in the country. Brazil, which holds direct and indirect stakes in the company, argued that Agnelli should spend more in the steel, shipbuilding and fertilizer industries to create jobs instead of focusing on supplying iron-ore and other raw materials to China.
“It appears this saga has taken one step closer to an end,” Jonathan Brandt, an equity analyst at HSBC Holdings Plc in New York, said today in a note to investors. “While the noise surrounding a potential CEO change will abate, the political risk surrounding Vale has increased and will most likely remain at a heightened level for some time,” he wrote.
Brazil pension funds Funcef, Previ, Petros and Funcesp hold 49 percent of Valepar SA. Other shareholders of Valepar include Bradespar SA, the holding company of Banco Bradesco SA, Mitsui & Co. and BNDESPAR, a subsidiary of the Brazilian state-owned development bank BNDES, which also has a direct stake.
Golden Shares
Apart from its presence through BNDES and the pension funds of state-owned banks, the Brazilian government also owns 12 so-called golden shares in Vale that give it veto powers over certain decisions such as changing the location of the company´s headquarters or its corporate purposes.
Vale fell 23 centavos, or 0.5 percent, to 47.16 reais in Sao Paulo trading at 10:27 a.m. New York time. The stock declined about 2 percent this year, compared with a 0.3 percent loss for the Bovespa benchmark index.
Vale fired 1,300 employees, said that 5,500 more would be put on paid leave and pared its investments by about half to $9 billion, from an announced $14.2 billion, during the global recession two years ago. The decision was criticized by then-Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, who said the company had “no reason” to cut spending because it had “lots of cash” to help the domestic economy resume growth.
Faced Criticism
Agnelli also faced criticism from the Brazilian government for buying ships in China when Brazil was setting up its own shipyards. The former president urged Vale to spend more on fertilizers and between April and September of 2009 he asked the company to build steelworks at least half a dozen times.
“I’m not irritated with Vale,” Lula said in an interview with Brazilian financial daily Valor Economico at the time. “I’ve insisted, systematically, that Vale builds steelworks in Brazil. Vale can no longer afford the luxury of just being an iron-ore exporter.”
President Rousseff also complained about Vale’s focus on selling raw materials abroad as Lula’s cabinet chief, saying that the company should be subject to government “controls.”
“I cannot agree with the fact that Vale exports iron ore to China at the same time that we import crude steel and products,” Rousseff told Epoca magazine last year. “That’s not a relationship that interest us as a nation,” she said.
Belo Monte Project
More recently, Brazil’s Energy and Mining Minister Edison Lobao said that Vale was one of the companies interested in becoming a partner of the Belo Monte dam project, according to local newspapers. The company said March 25 that it was still assessing the project and that it hasn’t yet made a decision.
Vale reacted to the government’s demands by increasing some investments in the steel and fertilizers businesses. The company opened a steel joint venture in Rio de Janeiro state with ThyssenKrupp AG in June and will start developing two new steel projects later this year. The company also spent $5.8 billion during 2010 buying fertilizer assets as part of a plan to almost triple potash and phosphate rock output by 2015.
Still, investment in steelmaking will account for less than 3 percent of Vale’s capital expenditures this year, with fertilizers taking 10.4 percent. Vale’s strategy will continue to be focused on minority stakes in steel joint ventures with the goal of becoming exclusive supplier of iron ore and pellets to such projects, it said Oct. 28.
Record Investment
Vale plans to invest a record $24 billion this year, about 64 percent of it in Brazil, as it seeks to boost iron-ore production to 522 million metric tons by 2015. The company budgeted 73 percent of its $11 billion investment during 2008 to Brazil, according to regulatory filings.
“Whoever is CEO can in our view expect to face increased political pressures,” UBS AG analysts led by Rene Kleyweg said March 28 in a note to clients.
Agnelli, who succeeded Jorio Dauster in July 2001, oversaw more than $84 billion in investments and acquisitions during his decade-long tenure as head of Brazil’s biggest exporter. The company posted 2010 profit of $17.3 billion, which Vale said was the most ever for a mining company.
An economist trained at Fundacao Armando Alvares Penteado of Sao Paulo, Agnelli started his career at Banco Bradesco SA, Brazil’s second-biggest bank by market value, in 1981, becoming an executive director in 1998 and chairman of Vale’s board of directors in 2000. Since his arrival, Vale spent about $33.3 billion to acquire companies, including Canadian nickel miner Inco Ltd. in January 2007 for C$19.4 billion ($20 billion). Vale sold units and made divestitures amounting $3.95 billion during the same period, according to the company’s website.
Vale Privatized
“For the government, the issue is that Vale was privatized and has been doing pretty well, has been growing a lot, but now they want Vale to give more back to Brazil,” Erasto Almeida, an analyst with the Eurasia Group in New York, said in a telephone interview on March 24. “It’s more like, ‘we want Vale to do more in terms of helping to generate jobs in Brazil, helping with the government’s industrial policies’.”
Vale’s controlling shareholders may choose Tito Botelho Martins, head of the company’s base metals unit, to replace Agnelli, Valor reported March 24, without saying where it got the information.
Vale shares have risen more than 10-fold in Sao Paulo trading since July 11, 2001, the day before Agnelli was named CEO, more than twice the fourfold gain for Brazil’s benchmark Bovespa index as iron-ore output and commodities prices surged. The company is now the world’s second-largest mining company by market capitalization after BHP Billiton Ltd., with a value of about 273.7 billion reais ($167.7 billion).
“Everything is going very well and the trend is positive,” Agnelli said Feb. 25 on a conference call with analysts. “We are going to be the best mining company in the world, and to be the largest one.”
To contact the reporter on this story: Juan Pablo Spinetto in London at jspinetto@bloomberg.net
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Dale Crofts at dcrofts@bloomberg.netParachute Team
The USNA Parachute Team (USNAPT) is an all-volunteer team of Midshipmen skydivers. USNAPT performs demonstration skydives and competes against universities from across the nation at the USPA Collegiate Nationals tournament. USNAPT supports the Brigade by offering their demonstration skills to various opening ceremonies and sporting events on the Yard. The Parachute Team gives midshipmen the opportunity to competitively skydive, develop their leadership skills, and perform under highly demanding physical environments.Please read even if you have heard them... after all you are having "Happy Fun Time" :) New Zealanders!
Thursday, April 24, 2008
Top 21 X-Rated Riddles
Please read even if you have heard them... after all you are having "Happy Fun Time" :)
Posted by
Lovely
at
7:35 AM
0
Labels: fun jokes, Hot Jokes
Wednesday, April 23, 2008
Crime Story !!...
Posted by
Lovely
at
2:37 AM
Three Wishes "Do Read Rather must Read "!!!
Posted by
Lovely
at
2:29 AM
0
Labels: fun jokes, Hot Jokes
Friday, April 4, 2008
Rest room Stories.
These similar events kept accruing till the end of the week, and for some reason even when i went to different bathrooms.
So on this Friday i finally spoke up when he same up to the stall directly next to me, and i said "so know, i really love these moments we have together" then he gave me this really funny look, like i was the weird psycho guy, then he frowned at me, and marched out, and i never saw him again....but the next week, on Monday, i had to go number 2, and as i sat in that stall doing my business, another nightmare accrued, the stall next to me became occupied by a fat P.E teacher, and he started trying to talk to me, and well....
wtf is up with old people and bothering students in the rest room?
Posted by
Lovely
at
2:13 AM
Labels: fun jokes, Hot Jokes
Where Does Poo Come From ?…
Posted by
Lovely
at
2:12 AM
0
Labels: fun jokes, Hot JokesWith regular 1. FFC Frankfurt captain Nadine Angerer injured, experienced midfielder Sandra Smisek will wear the armband in next Thursday's UEFA Women's Champions League final against Olympique Lyonnais. The 34-year-old former Germany international speaks about her excitement at the Olympiastadion showdown and explains why she does not mind being called "Grandma".
UEFA.com: Frankfurt are in a big European final for the first time in a few years. You must be delighted.
Sandra Smisek: Of course. We haven't been playing in Europe for a while. Every athlete loves to compete with the best, and in the club game that means the Champions League. That is why we are very happy to have made it to the final.
UEFA.com: You personally won the old UEFA Women's Cup twice. Is the competition even more special now it has changed its name?
Smisek: The name itself sounds better as the UEFA Champions League final. Also it's played over one game, whereas it used to be played over two legs. I think it's better to play once.
UEFA.com: What will be the key to beating Lyon?
Smisek: That's a good question. Lyon are a very good team with top quality players. We're happy that it will be Lyon because we already know 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam from the league. It will be an interesting game, 50-50 I think. Form on the day will decide it, and character – the will to bring the title back home. I will give my all for it to be Frankfurt.
UEFA.com: Is it an advantage to be playing the final in Germany?
Smisek: Not necessarily. Of course it is nice for us to have a kind of home game. But I don't think Frankfurt would prepare differently if we were playing somewhere else. Maybe there are details that will give us a little advantage, but they will not be decisive ones.
UEFA.com: Would victory represent a career highlight?
Smisek: Absolutely. It's a long time since we've been here. I don't get so many chances to win trophies these days, and that's why I'm looking forward to it. I stopped playing for the national team in 2008, so I only have my club left. That's why it has a big importance for me personally.
UEFA.com: Frankfurt's European campaign has been a rollercoaster ride, with away defeats in the first three rounds...
Smisek: From the beginning we faced strong opponents with great skill and it was difficult away from home. But I think it's an advantage to play tough games on the way to a final and to knock out some strong opponents. Lyon will be our toughest opponent yet, but I think we deserve to be in the Champions League final.
UEFA.com: How does it feel to be wearing the armband in Nadine Angerer's absence?
Smisek: It would be better if Nadine wasn't injured and I didn't have to wear this thing on the pitch. But I am vice-captain so it's normal. I don't mind doing it, someone needs to take over the responsibility. I have been given it and I think I'm doing it quite well.
UEFA.com: Desirée Schumann will come in to replace Angerer in goal. It's a big test for her, but she's looked assured so far.
Smisek: Absolutely. She was already impressing a lot in training before Nadine got injured. Whenever she has played she has been very focused. She has a great personality. Schumann has shown us we can trust her despite her young age.
UEFA.com You have a very young coach too in Sven Kahlert. What is he like?
Smisek: He's very meticulous and passionate about his role. His coaching team of four are doing a good job and they give us a lot of good and tough sessions. They are putting us on the right track.
UEFA.com: Frankfurt general manager Siggi Dietrich dubbed you the 'Grande Dame' not long ago. Is that flattering or would you rather not be seen as the old head?
Smisek: I very often get called 'Grandma'. I know it's meant in a nice way and sometimes I get other compliments. I'm the oldest in the squad and I perform well at this level. So if they want to call me that, they can.A blizzard accomplished on Sunday night what Giants head coach Tom Coughlin and punter Matt Dodge could not achieve days earlier -- the storm humbled the Philadelphia Eagles, driving them from a football field in silent retreat.
Facing a forecast of snow and gusty conditions, the Eagles abandoned their turf ahead of their scheduled home stadium contest against the Minnesota Vikings. Ain’t it sweet, this wintry revenge of sorts.
Instead, the Eagles will meet the Vikings at Lincoln Financial Field tonight – that is, cynical fans might add, if it isn’t “too cold” for the boys in green. (The Vikings, of course, love cold weather.)
The delay means tonight will be the first time that two NFL teams will play on a Tuesday night since 1946 – way back when Harry Truman was in the White House.
For city officials and the faint of heart, the snow was something to fear. Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter declared a snow emergency at 2 p.m., more than six hours before the scheduled kick-off. Eventually, about a foot of snow covered Philadelphia. But most of it arrived after midnight, after the game clock would have run out.
The delay of game dismayed Nutter’s predecessor, former mayor Ed Rendell, an Eagles fan. “It’s an absolute joke,” the Pennsylvania governor told a television audience. “I was looking forward to this. It would have been a real experience. This is what football is all about.”
Not one to mince words, Rendell added, “We’ve become a nation of wussies.” Ouch! I might add: Both Bert Bell, the late, great, co-founder of the Eagles, and Greasy Neale, the team’s late, great, head coach, must be turning in their graves.
But the postponement of the game in Philadelphia is important to football fans in New Jersey for reasons beyond mere feelings of revenge.
Think ahead a few years, to Super Bowl XLVIII. In the past, most Super Bowls have been played in stadiums where winter weather is expected to be mild – New Orleans, Miami, Los Angeles. The game has been played in cold climes only when a stadium has had a fixed or retractable roof – until now.
Super Bowl XLVIII, in 2014, is scheduled to be played at the New Meadowlands stadium.
There is a good possibility that the weather will not be ideal for this game. So what happens if a snowstorm or blizzard is forecasted to coincide with this contest? Will NFL officials move this game, too, because of a potential inconvenience to fans and thus lost revenue from “no-shows”?
Of our major sports, football is the one that takes place (or, at least, it has in the past), no matter what the weather conditions have been. While baseball games routinely get rained out, smash-mouth football, with all its majesty and glory, has been played in driving rain, blanketing fog, sleet and hail, and all-consuming snow blizzards.
For those old enough to remember, who can forget the appropriately named “Ice Bowl,” for the 1967 NFL Championship, between the Green Bay Packers and Dallas Cowboys? Many consider that contest one of the greatest football games ever played.
More recently, the “Snow Bowl” between the Packers and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (1985) saw over a foot of snow fall just before the regular season game and another six inches before the final whistle. There were more than 32,000 “no-shows” because of the weather, but the football game went on.
Despite the official reasons given for postponing Sunday night’s game, even the casual football observer suspects that money was a deciding factor. If a postponement was necessary, why wait until Tuesday night? Snow removal officials could surely have cleared the field and roadways by Monday night.
But the NFL is now about money, and such a postponement would interfere with the already scheduled Monday night game between the Saints and Falcons. Tuesday would also give injured Vikings player Adrian Peterson, the NFL’s marquee running back, another day to heal, so that he could be featured.
So that’s where we are with this most-American of games.In a rather old-fashioned book I found a reference to “Italian paste” in a context that clearly indicated pasta. I wondered if it was a typo, but checking the OED (updated June 2005) I learned it was an old-fashioned expression; under paste A. I. “A mixture of ingredients or components” we find:
c. Pasta. [...] Now rare.
1673 J. Ray Observ. Journey Low-countries 405 Paste made into strings..(which if greater they call Macaroni, if lesser Vermicelli) they cut in pieces and put in their pots as we do oat-meal.
1753 Chambers’s Cycl. Suppl., Macaron, the name of a sort of vermicelli, a paste made of flour and water, and formed into the shape of the barrel of a quill, or the guts of small fowls.
1843 Civilian & Galveston (Texas) City Gaz. 5 Apr. 1/2, 2 boxes ass’d Italian Pastes.
1861 Jrnl. Soc. Arts 9 129/1 The manufacture of ‘paste’ (or vermicelli, as it is called in England) continues to be one of the most flourishing trades in Genoa.
1957 Encycl. Brit. XIV. 544/2 Macaroni… The same substance in different forms is also known as vermicelli, pasta or Italian pastes, spaghetti, taglioni, fanti, etc.
In the 1861 quote, I would have assumed that ‘paste’ represented the Italian plural (and thus a pronunciation PAHS-tay) if the OED weren’t around to tell me otherwise. Is anyone familiar with this archaic usage? And is vermicelli still commonly used in the U.K.?
Yes, I’ve seen this in old cookbooks, though I couldn’t at this moment immediate tell you which ones or which eras they are from.
When I buy pasta, I see vermicelli on the shelves all the time. Paste seems a very reasonable anglicization of pasta, and it’s kind of a pity we dropped it.
Paste seems a very reasonable anglicization of pasta, and it’s kind of a pity we dropped it.
Well, dough!
When I buy pasta, I see vermicelli on the shelves all the time.
Yes, of course, as a particular (long, thin) variety of pasta. The implication of “‘paste’ (or vermicelli, as it is called in England)” is that it was then used for any kind of pasta, and that is what I was wondering about.
I don’t think vermicelli ever had such a broad sense in English. What does the current OED have sv “vermicelli”? NED has “1. A wheaten paste, of Italian origin, now usu. made of flour, cheese, yolks of eggs, sugar and saffron, prepared in the form of long, slender, hard threads, and used as an article of diet. Cf. Macaroni”.
Probably the 1861 article was simplifying by referring to the type of ‘paste’ best known to its readers. Unless Genoa specialised in vermicelli, leaving other pastas to other cities…
No, you’re quite right, and I should have thought to look it up (d’oh!). The online OED has: “A kind of pasta made in the form of long, slender, hard threads, and used as an article of diet.” First citation a1668, W. Davenant Man’s the Master (1669) i. i, “Vermechulli shall my Palat please, Serv’d in with Bisques, Ragous, and Intermets.” (Nice evidence for the pronunciation of please as, more or less, “plays.”)
Dutch speakers of English with whom I converse repeatedly call such things as Nutella “chocolate pasta”, I can only presume because in their language pastes are also called pastas or something.
I would think that vermicelli and elbows were the first two pastas to get any grip on wider American culture.
I think of spaghetti as the Platonic ideal of pasta in America.
“Enderby wondered why such glamour surrounded the Italian cuisine. After all, it consisted only of a few allomorphs of paste, the odd sauce or so ….” — Joseph Kell [pseud. of Anthony Burgess], “Inside Mr. Enderby” (1963)
My 1948 edition of “the way to a man’s heart” Settlement Cook Book (first copyrighted in 1901) has no mention of pasta or paste in its index. Chapter 19 lumps together dumplings, noodles, macaroni and spaghetti in a single 12-page chapter.
The text at the link says two million copies of the book had been sold by 1991. Not shabby.
Wordnet has ‘alimentary paste’ as a gloss for one of the senses of ‘pasta:’
Did you notice a couple definitions up that paste also means pastry? Also in, for instance, puff-paste.
Further evidence that it probably isn’t the Italian plural can be seen when it’s the English plural, “Italian pastes.” In, for instance, old vegetarian (!) cookbooks, here and here.
It also covers what we’d term dough today, as in Jefferson’s description of a macaroni machine..
Further evidence that it probably isn’t the Italian plural can be seen when it’s the English plural, “Italian pastes.”
I certainly didn’t think it was always, or often, the Italian plural; it was quite clear to me that it was the normal English noun paste. I was talking specifically about the citation “The manufacture of ‘paste’ (or vermicelli, as it is called in England) continues to be one of the most flourishing trades in Genoa,” where the quote marks and the fact that Italy was under discussion made it seem plausible that the Italian plural was being quoted.
In France, Italian pasta is known officially as les pâtes alimentaires, and colloquially as les pâtes as opposed to other kinds of pâtes (dough, toothpaste = la pâte dentifrice, modeling clay or playdough = la pâte à modeler, and probably others of similar consistency). Whether you are having spaghetti, macaroni, noodles or other kinds of pasta (some of which have French names), you are cooking and eating des pâtes. Vermicelli (le vermicelle) is not used as a dish but is often added to soup.
talking specifically about the citation
Apologies. Here is the quoted report. There aren’t other instances of foreign vocabulary and it’s just paste later in the paragraph. I suppose the quotes indicate that it’s technical cookery terminology.
MMcM: puff-paste
Is this the dough, or the finished pastry? In France one of the types of pastry dough is la pâte à choux, used to make les choux à la crème ‘cream puffs’. There are many other kinds of dough, all called la pâte plus an indication of its kind or purpose.
I believe that puff-pastry and formerly puff-paste cover the same semantic space, which is between the dough and the finished pastry. Specifically, I do not think that English has a term for the just the dough proper, the détrempe, without the oil or before being folded into pâte feuilletée. Of course there are plenty of names for particular finished pastries. But in the supermarket,as far as I know, you buy puff-pastry, not puff-pastry dough or dough for puff-pastry or something like that.
I see the Wikipedia (s.v.) has “water dough.” I assume this is what real chefs say and I’d probably have heard it on a TV cooking show if I watched more of them.
Interesting that “pasta” was anglicized, but “vermicelli” (“little worms”) was not.
Vermicelli was certainly a common word when I was growing up in the UK in the 60s, though now I think about it I had no idea what it was (until today I thought it was a kind of salami).
Dutch speakers of English with whom I converse repeatedly call such things as Nutella “chocolate pasta”, I can only presume because in their language pastes are also called pastas or something.
They are; “tandpasta” is toothpaste; “chocopasta” is such things as which Nutella is an instance of. Peanut butter, however, is “pindakaas” (morpholiteralogically “peanut-cheese”), presumably because it rhymes better with “helaas” (“alas”).
I once had a seriously broken conversation with a Canadian Francophone while grocery shopping together where he asked me repeatedly to get ‘date pasta’, and I looked for it, again and again, even asking a perplexed employee about it. I finally got a look at the recipe he was attempting to make, and there it was: ‘date paste’.. I did meet ravioli, though, as one of Heinz’s 57 varieties, but so unlike anything I’d call ravioli today that it was hardly pasta at all.
As a child of the 70s, I am sure I remember vermicelli in soup, but much less sure I knew the word. (And entirely sure I didn’t connect the two(2)).
As far as I know, no generic term for pasta existed in Russian until about 1990s (now the word паста is very much in use, though might still feel somewhat pretentious). Instead, there were different words – mostly borrowed from Italian too – for several major categories:
- anything thick and hollow would be макароны (macaroni);
- anything thin would be вермишель; and
- anything flat would be лапша (noodles).
Вермишель being of course vermicelli.
Here’s a nicely period-flavoured quote to the point:
До Великой социалистической революции макаронная промышленность вырабатывала около 30 тыс. т продукции в год. Ассортимент ее до недавнего времени ограничивался тремя видами однотипных изделий (макароны, вермишель, лапша). В 1938 г. макаронные фабрики Советского Союза дали 277 тыс. т разнообразных высококачественных изделий: “неаполитанские макароны”, “итальянскую соломку”, “вермишель в бантиках”, “фигурное ассорти”, “прессованную лапшу в бантиках”, “ушки” и др.
– Книга о вкусной и здоровой пище, 1939
Prior to the Great Socialist Revolution, our industry produced about 30 thousand tons of macaroni a year. The product mix was until recently limited to the three types of same-type products (macaroni, vermicelli, and noodles). In 1938, Soviet Union’s macaroni plants have yielded 277 thousand tons of varied, high-quality products: “Neapolitan Macaroni”, “Italian Straws”, “Bow-tie Vermicelli”, “Fancy Variety”, “Pressed Bow-tie Noodles”, “Ears”, etc.
– The Book of Tasty and Healthy Food, 1939
I reckon it’s the ur-pasta in the UK too. The Italian restaurants of the 1950s were “spaghetti houses”, and some retro places are so named today.
Sergio Leone did not direct Vermicelli Westerns. Yankee Doodle’s macaroni is a red herring.
The first three usages seem to be describing what goes into the pot before cooking it, so the English paste is right, viz. dough (as long as it is fresh not dried). I think the others are accounted for by grammatical error transformations that sometimes occur when importing lexical items from one language to another. For example, consider “spaghetti” that is used in English. We may be surprised to learn that it is the plural form in Italian. One strand of spaghetti is “un spaghetto” and if you have two “due spaghetti” and so on. Note that this implies that it is a countable noun. This aspect is completely lost in English, where spaghetti is uncountable, yet has the Italian marker “i” for countable plurals. This in turn sometimes causes Italian native-speakers to double-plurify and say “the spaghettis were good”. As you pointed out, “paste” in Italian is the plural of “pasta”, and would normally be used to refer to “types of pasta”. So, it seems reasonable to me that the use of “pastes” (to be pronounced pah’stes) in the Ency. Brit. entry is best explained as an English plural marker being added to the Italian plural (again, double-plurifying).
When I was growing up (1970s, Virginia) some of the “spaghetti” we had at home actually came from boxes labeled “vermicelli”.
Dmitry, I wonder what the difference is between bow-tie vermicelli and pressed bow-tie noodles. I can imagine calling farfalle “noodles” but calling them “vermicelli” seems odd.
Keith: no idea, no picture is provided. Noodles might have indeed been twisted farfalle style, but as for vermicelli… I wonder if they could actually tie it into a bow?
Yes, I meant to add that it was called “spaghetti” though it was usually vermicelli.
It’s not just English speakers who don’t recognize an Italian plural when they see one. Spanish has “espaguetis”, for example.
>Athel
Actually “espaguetis” is already a Spanish word. Also we have, for example, “talibán” and “talibanes”. On the other hand, “campus” is invariable.
The French also say les spaghettis.
As far as I can recall, there was no English word that covered all of pasta when I was growing up (NYC, 1950). We had spaghetti, (elbow) macaroni, and noodles, each so referred to. Our Italian neighbors, probably feeling the lack of a word to cover the field covered by pasta, used “macaroni” as inclusive of spaghetti etc. which seemed odd to us.
I think I’m right that if pasta (plural paste) is used as a count noun in Italian, it means a pastry. You can order a cappuccino and una pasta.
Sergio Leone did not direct Vermicelli Westerns.
Without Clint Eastwood, “One Upon A Time In The West” seemed pretty thin.
I think I thought until today that vermicelli was those chocolate things like hundreds and thousands.
VinnyD: The French also say les spaghettis.
I think that in my family of origin we say (or used to say) des spaghettis like des nouilles (noodles), and also des lazagnes (referring to the wide strips), but du vermicelle, probably because the strands of vermicelli are too thin to ever be counted, or picked up individually.
Growing up in Tampa in the 1960′s, we ate spaghetti and macaroni that my mother managed to boil into oblivion. An Italian exchange student who ran track with my big brother came over to our house, saw what crimes my mother was committing in the kitchen and showed her how to cook real “pasta,” a word I had not heard before. He also demonstrated to us little savages how to twirl it properly on a fork. For his efforts, he earned the nickname “Pasta” from us and all his teammates. The name stuck to him so completely, I cannot now recall his real name.
I now have a picture of les spaghettis being eaten by Catherine de Médicis.
Catherine de Médicis, coming from Florence to marry the king of France, brought a considerable retinue with her as she (or her family) did not trust that country of savages to provide her with the necessities of a civilized life (such as forks, among others). As a result, more Italian than French was spoken at the court.
I’m still in favor of boiling into oblivion (that is, well past al dente to soft).
Me too! I can’t abide Al Dente and his assorted Paste!
It seemed to me, in the 70s-80s, in my twenties, that one of the minor ways in which my generation rebelled against our parents was by making sure not to overcook the vegetables the way our mothers had. Somebody told us that they were better with a little crunch left in ‘em, so we all started lightly steaming (or pan-frying, or what have you) our broccoli and our carrots and our zucchini and so on. But of course many people took it too far and left a laughable degree of crunch. The same applies to pasta. I like it a little chewy, but that doesn’t mean that I don’t feel a little nostalgia for the old Chef Boyardee canned ravioli.
My friend and former student from Croatia talks nostalgically about a food of his childhood: a kind of very cheap pate (?) called pastet (sp?).
Pašteta (dialectally pasteta) is defined by my SCr-Eng dictionary as “1. meat paste …; 2. filled pastry, patty.”
The Croatian pasteta 2 sounds like the equivalent of a Cornish pasty.
That’s done in Polish.
German uses Nudeln, except in Switzerland (says Wikipedia), and tends to translate the names for the specific shapes except [ʃ]paghetti and Makkaroni (into which penne are lumped): vermicelli = Fadennudeln (“thread noodles”) or just Suppennudeln because they’re only eaten in soup, fusilli = Spiralnudeln (a sort of default), tagliatelle = Bandnudeln (“tape noodles”) or, in Switzerland (says Wikipedia), just Nudeln. Lasagne and Spätzle are not included, but are included in the more bureaucratic term Teigwaren “dough wares”.
In France too, les nouilles is often used as a near-equivalent for les pâtes, although les nouilles refers more specifically to the long flat types.
Here in France, a very thin variety of le vermicelle is called cheveux d’ange – angel’s hair. Presumably because it looks similar to a type of Christmas decoration of the same name.
In Russia before the 90-s, besides makarony, vermishel’ and lapsha, there were also rakushki – shells, which must be a calque of conchiglie.
And of course the pasta pantheon is incomplete without клёцки, similar to gnocchi and known throughout Central-Eastern Europe under varying names, kluski, galushki, knödel. You just mix some flour with an egg or two or three and drop a dollop into the saucepan with bouillon. Depending on the thickness of your mixture kletski come out dollopy or smooth like dumplings.
“Angel-hair pasta” exists in America too.
Catherine de Medici – Caterina de’ Medici in current Italian – is Catherine de’ Médicis in French? Why? It sounds a bit German. Is it a genitive that I never learnt?
What’s known as macaroni & cheese in the United States is called macaroni cheese in England.
Athel:.
My mother had a café, and we ate very well for the time, but school food was quite crude: fried eggs, baked beans & chips and that kind of thing. On reflection, vermicelli can’t have been discussed very much. If it had been, I’d have picked up the meaning. I probably heard it in Soho.
Sashura: Here in France, a very thin variety of le vermicelle is called cheveux d’ange – angel’s hair.
I am not sure if I ran into that vermicelle. Is it not only thin but almost transparent? New varieties of pasta are made all the time.
“Elbow macaroni” are called des coquilettes in France, although they don’t look much like little shells (coquilles), but the name is very cute. In Canada the name is just translated from English as des coudes.
AJP: Catherine de Medici – Caterina de’ Medici in current Italian – is Catherine de’ Médicis in French? Why? It sounds a bit German. Is it a genitive that I never learnt?
Her name in French is Catherine DE Médicis. A later princess from the same quasi-royal Italian family also married a French king: she is known as Marie de Médicis.
The name of the family is a compromise between French and Italian. French de is very common among noble names, before the name of the family’s fief, so that many people think that it denotes nobility, which is not quite right. Since Medici is a plural word in Italian, the final s in the French version must have been added to indicate plurality. Unlike with most other French words (but often with foreign ones), the final s is pronounced, as [s]. So is the c.
oops: des coquiLLettes
>Sashura
The name “angel’s hair” or “cheveux d’ange”, used to speak about a kind of pasta, has attracted my attention. I don’t know its origin but, in Spanish, we used “cabello de ángel” to speak about a syrup made by sugar and pulp of a variety of pumpkin. Curiously, that cucurbit is so called “courge spaghetti” in French, and (it seems) “spaghetti squash” in English.
That apostrophe got left on by accident when I re-pasted the Italian – sorry. Thanks for the explanation, m-l.
Jesús,
Yes, spaghetti squash is what it is called in English in this part of the world, although I first encounteredl it as vegetable spaghetti, a name that is ambiguous as it could mean a kind of spaghetti made with wheat flour blended with vegetable flours, which make the pasta red or green.
We did not know the vegetable when I was growing up, but I have seen it sold in French grocery stores in the past few years. It is easy to cook and tastes delicious, much lighter than actual spaghetti. La courge is the word for “squash”, and it has a diminutive form la courgette which refers to a smaller vegetable with soft skin (called “zucchini” in North America).
‘Courgette’ is used in the UK to indicate what in North America is called ‘zucchini.’ The UK also prefers ‘aubergine’ to ‘eggplant.’
>Marie-lucie
Although I wrote our “cabello de ángel” is syrup, actually it’s made by fibers of that kind of pumpkin. It is not a result of extrusion like spaghetti. It’s used to make confectionery. Here you can see some pictures:
Gracias por la receta!
The squash in the pictures is not quite the one I know, which is pale yellow outside, slightly orangey inside. Otherwise it is the same. After you cook it, remove the seeds and the inedible stuff they are attached to, you scrape off and lightly stir the cooked mass inside and it it comes apart in thin spaghetti-like fibers, but the texture is lighter than that of pasta and the taste is delicious, eaten like another vegetable with a little butter. I wouldn’t have thought of preserving it with sugar, but perhaps the Spanish variety is sweeter than the one here?
>Marie-lucie
I think sweetness is expressed by celestial references, angel in that case, and heaven in “tocino de cielo” (litt. fat of heaven), sweet made with eggs yolks and syrup.
I am not sure if I ran into that vermicelle.
Marie-Lucie, cheveaux d’ange are the same yellow colour as vermicelle, they are wonderful in bouillon with an egg scrambled on top.
Jesus thanks, I didn’t know about the Spanish origin of the courgette.
Spaghetti squash is a variety of C. pepo, which species includes zucchini and pumpkins. It originates in Japan.
Cabello de ángel is C. ficifolia, with names including fIg-leaf gourd in English. In Chinese, it’s 魚翅瓜, shark’s-fin melon, because you can make a much cheaper (and at least potentially vegetarian) soup from it.
Something that took us surprisingly long to try is spaghetti squash and spaghetti. Both the tastes and textures contrast in interesting ways.
Sashura,
cheveux d’ange are the same yellow colour as vermicelle
I don’t know any yellow vermicelle, it is the same colour as other pasta.
the Spanish origin of the courgette
Did I miss something? Spaghetti squash is not a courgette (zucchini). For one thing, its skin is too hard to be edible, while courgette has soft, edible skin.
MMcM: Thank you for the botanical details.
<i.spaghetti squash and spaghetti : is this a dish? Do you cook them separately and then mix them up?
Spaghetti squash is not a courgette (zucchini).
Botanically it is. Cucurbitina pepo has been under cultivation for at least eight millennia, making it one of the oldest cultivated plants; unsurprisingly, it has a vast number of cultivars that look very different, including not only courgettes and spaghetti squash (a particular subvariety of vegetable marrow), but also acorn squash, pattypan squash, both crookneck and straightneck yellow summer squash, and even pumpkins. All varieties freely produce fertile hybrids.
JC, I would say they are cousins, rather than the same thing. But I was puzzled about the ‘Spanish origin of the courgette”, It seems to be the preparation described by jesus which is Spanish, not the vegetable itself.
C. pepo, like all cucurbits, originated in the New World. (Their nearest Old World relatives are cucumbers, originally from South Asia, and watermelons, originally from Africa.) The oldest known sites are in Mexico, but it is found in archaeological sites all over the Eastern U.S. as well. Bottle gourds are also included in this species. However, courgettes/zucchini specifically are a very recent cultivar indeed, first bred near Milan around 1800. Both the French and the Italian names are diminutives of words for ‘squash’ generally.
Yes, the hard-skinned relatives of the la courgette are called la courge.
@marie-lucie: “I would say they are cousins, rather than the same thing”.
Not botanically. ‘Cousin’ species (that is, species in the same genus) can sometimes produce hybrid offspring, but these hybrids are typically infertile. The different cultivated varieties of squash are fully interfertile; they produce offspring that is fertile in turn. A good comparison is with dog breeds: a Chihuahua looks very different from a German Shepherd, but they belong to the same underlying species.
@Jesús: “in Spanish, we used ‘cabello de ángel’ to speak about a syrup…”
That would be in Spain. In Argentina ‘cabello de ángel’ means exactly the same kind of thin soup noodles mentioned before.
Thanks for the precision, Alon. Of course I am a linguist, not a botanist.
Per contra, citrus fruits are generally considered to belong to multiple species despite being very widely hybridized. Here is a very oversimplified citrus family tree, showing four natural species (the pomelo, the mandarin orange, the citron, and the key lime) and a few of the better known hybrids. For example, Meyer lemons are a hybrid between sweet oranges and Rangpur limes. Sweet oranges are a hybrid of mandarin oranges and pomelos; Rangpur limes are a hybrid of mandarin oranges and lemons, which in turn are a descendant of citrons. (Ordinary limes are a hybrid of key limes and citrons, and so are not closely related to Rangpur limes.)
The Ellen Marriage translation of La Pere Goriot at PG calls the title character “a retired manufacturer of vermicelli, Italian paste and starch”. Is that the old-fashioned book in question?
Before his retirement, Goriot was a vermicellier, a manufacturer of pasta and similar products. I am not sure if this word is still in use.
>Alon Lischinsky
Well, actually Spanish dictionary has these both senses.
>John Cowan
It’s also interesting how oranges are called in different countries. For example, in Portugal they used “laranga” (from Sanskrit, as you know) but there are a lot of countries where the name of that fruit (really sweet variety) is related to Portugal: “portokal, portokalli, burtuqal” and so on.
>John Cowan
I’m sorry. “Laranja” in Portuguese.
Is that the old-fashioned book in question?
I’m afraid I no longer remember; I ran across it on Google Books searching for something else.Fantastic Cleaning - Comprehensive Cleaning Services London
Whether you need refreshing your tired carpets, deep cleaning of your mattresses or you’re preparing to move a house our great variety of reliable cleaning services will help you handle successfully all your cleaning tasks. Our services are the perfect solution if you want to provide a safer, healthier and cleaner environment for you and your family. Investing in them you will also save a lot of efforts, valuable time and money for useless additional detergents. We will put your home or office in immaculate condition in no time! So call us now and enjoy our affordable visit from our trustworthy cleaning company in London.
What Can You Expect from Our Fantastic Cleaners?
For our great experienced staff there is no too big or too small job. They are able to offer you superb results with their house cleaning in London! All of them are carefully selected and fully insured cleaners who clean at the highest hygienic standards exceeding your high expectations. We carefully select our employees and choose only the most motivated and enthusiastic cleaners to meet even your highest requirements. Our team of cleaning experts are also security screened and well trained in the latest cleaning equipment and techniques. Their professionalism has earned us a reputation, as perhaps the finest cleaning company in London. Our numerous happy clients are the evidence of our professional work and quality performance of any task required. You can see for yourself, when you browse through our testimonials page.
For comprehensive London cleaning services at advantageous prices – call Fantastic Cleaning for corporate and domestic cleaning services in London and the south east of England.
Choose one or more from our great variety of professional services that includes:
- Office Cleaning
- Domestic Cleaning
- Fortnightly Cleaning
- End of Tenancy Cleaning
- Regular Cleaning/Ironing
- After Builders Cleaning
- One-Off Cleaning
- Oven Cleaning
- Deep Cleaning
- Rubbish Removals
- Garden Maintenance
- After Party Cleaning
For your convenience our services are carried out at a time that is tailored to your personal timetable and individual needs. Our cleaners are ready to come and help at any time convenient for you. You can receive our professional help even in emergency situations.
The Great Benefits of Hiring Our London Cleaning Company
If you need professional and reliable service with trustworthy cleaners at the most affordable prices in London, please contact us on 020 3404 5141 or book your cleaning online. If you decide to hire our company you will also get unique benefits from us:
- Availability – our company is available at any time of the day and night to help in your cleaning (24 hours a day and 7 days a week)
- Flexible scheduling – you can make an appointment at a time that suits you best, even at weekends, weekdays and bank holydays
- A working team with great experience in that industry – all our cleaners are well trained to the highest standards
- A big variety of reliable and efficient cleaning services at prices that are hard to beat
- Excellent customer care – our friendly and polite advisors are available at any time to give you any information about the services we offer.
Don’t Hesitate and Book the Suitable Services for You Today!
As if that wasn’t enough already, you have the opportunity to enjoy a range of money saving offers when you book our cleaning company in London…such as discounts for combining services! So, if you want to hire our professional carpet cleaning service and would also like to try our office cleaning service, just book them together and you will save yourself some money.
The easiest way to get rid of all your cleaning chores around the home or office is to call us at 020 3404 5141. We are ready to hear all your requirements and would be happy to be as helpful as possible for you.

Awsome
I think this is one of my new favs on NG. Great Work.
Rated 3.5 / 5 stars
Pretty Good
I really liked this movie but the sound was really anoying. I like the old silent film style to it.
Rated 4.5 / 5 stars
absoloutely amazing
great graphice, smoove animation, great story
great flash
cantwait for the next one
Rated 5 / 5 stars
I never give 10s
That flash was awesome, the graphics, sound, storyline ... everything! The black and white scene with the screen flickering was the best. I cannot wait till Part 2, this is going in my favs.
Rated 3.5 / 5 stars
Good Stuff.
The animation is flawless. And the premise is awesome. Some of the "old tyme" music and the slow pace of movie hinders the it overall. Still awesome work. This could definitely make front page.FAQs
Nutrition & Ingredients
What makes Wholly Guacamole® so good?
The avocado is one remarkable fruit! They’re chocked full of magnesium, Vitamin E, folic acid and lutein, a natural antioxidant. So good that many folks use our guac in place of mayo or ranch dressing.
Aren't avocados high in fat?They sure are, but it’s all good!!
What the heck is in each flavor of Wholly Guacamole?Visit our “Product” section and explore all the different flavors and their ingredients of Wholly Guacamole.
How does Guac-in-the-box work?We start with 100% real Hass avocado and add in spices. Sounds familiar, right? Then we use a technology called High Pressure Process. HPP is a process of preserving foods through the use of high-pressure water, rather than with heat or chemicals. HPP is what makes our guacamole taste so yummy without any preservatives or additives having to be added. Oh, by the way… we don’t just use this process for the heck of it. Our founder pioneered this process which we call Fresherized®.
Why is the Fresherized process superior to other forms of food preservation?Fresherized is an all-natural process. Lots of other food preservation methods use heat, chemicals and other processes that can ultimately damage natural flavors. Fresherized merely uses water at very high pressures. This process kills naturally occurring bacteria that can cause food deterioration and affects food safety, including salmonella, while at the same time preserving taste, texture and natural vitamins. Thats how we get a great tasting product without jamming it full of chemicals and preservatives.
Are Wholly Guacamole products allergen free?
Are all WHOLLY™ brand products kosher?
Yes.
Are all Wholly brand products kosher?Wholly Guacamole and Wholly Salsa are certified by the Orthodox Union.
Browning & Storage
How long can I keep my Wholly Guacamole package after I've opened it?Wholly Guacamole left-overs? We’ve never heard of such a thing! Once the package has been opened, the product must be consumed. You love us because there are no preservatives and additives, right? That’s why we can’t recommend storing left-overs.
Why does guacamole turn brown?Avocados are very sensitive to oxygen, and just like other fruits, they turn brown
when exposed to the air.
How do you keep Wholly Guacamole from turning brown?We love our green and tasty guacamole! Because Wholly Guacamole products are over 90% all natural avocados (the other 10% is spices) it browns like a freshly picked and sliced avocado would. The main objective is to limit the amount of air exposure the guacamole receives.Please note that once opened, Wholly Guacamole products should be completely consumed. But then again, that’s why we created different serving sizes to fit your need.
What is the shelf life of Wholly Guacamole products?It is good until the use or freeze by date on the package. The product can be stored unopened for up to 3 months.
Can I freeze Wholly Guacamole products?You sure can! Our Fresherized Wholly Guacamole products can be stored unopened for up to 3 months in the freezer. So you have no excuse not to have any one hand! REMEMBER! Even when thawing, be sure to keep the product refrigerated and cold for food safety.
What is the best way to thaw a package of Wholly Guacamole product?The best way to thaw Wholly Guacamole product is in your fridge overnight.But if youre in full-on guac crisis, you can always place it in a bowl of cool water (do not use hot water) for 30-40 minutes. Your Wholly Guacamole product should begin to soften and it will be ready to eat in no time at all! REMEMBER! Never let your Wholly Guacamole product get room temperature. It must stay cold for food safety.
Are Wholly Guacamole cartons, pouches and tubs recyclable?
Were all about the green! We highly encourage all of our customers to recycle all parts of our packaging.
Stores & Coupons
Where can I find Wholly Guacamole products?You can usually find Wholly Guacamole product in the refrigerated produce section at your local grocery store. Some stores choose to carry it in their refrigerated grocery, deli or meat departments.If youre looking for a specific retail location, visit our Where to Find Us page where you can type in your zip code and get a list of retailers in or near that zip code.
Where can I get Wholly Guacamole coupons?
Looking for a good deal? There are a few ways to get Wholly Guacamole and Wholly Salsa coupons: – See more at:
- Keep an eye out for us in your Sunday paper about every other month.
- Like us on Facebook.
- Or register for our monthly newsletter where we offer monthly coupons and more.
Need other assistance, have questions, or feedback?
Please contact us by clicking here.The Supreme Court of Liberia has summoned the national legislature to a conference slated for today. The disclosure was made Tuesday by Senate Pro-Tempore Gbehzongar M Findley during session.
Senator Findley did not provide reasons for the court's citation but said the body will be represented by Senator Frederick Cherue of River Gee County and a legal counsel.
It is not known what may have prompted the invitation however, it is believed that the action from the court to summon the legislature may have derived from the controversial passage of a bill which seeks to certain portion of the Central Bank of Liberia Act of 1999.
The amendment of the CBL Act has sparked debate in the public domain, with some Liberians terming it as witch-hunt and intended to target certain individuals within government.
Some visitors at the Capitol who spoke to our reporter believe that the court decided to call the legislature and the aggrieved party to a conference before the bill is approved by President Sirleaf.Getting Started
Getting Started with the PCI Data Security Standard; for purposes of PCI compliance, their essence is three steps: Assess, Remediate and Report.
To Assess is to take an inventory of your IT assets and business processes for payment card processing and analyze them for vulnerabilities that could expose cardholder data. To Remediate is the process of fixing those vulnerabilities. To Report entails compiling records required by PCI DSS to validate remediation and submitting compliance reports to the acquiring bank and global payment brands you do business with. Carrying out these three steps is an ongoing process for continuous compliance with the PCI DSS requirements. These steps also enable vigilant assurance of payment card data safety.
PCI Data Security Standard Requirements
PCI DSS version 2.0 is the global data security standard that any business of any size must adhere to in order to accept payment cards, and to store, process, and/or transmit cardholder data. It presents common-sense steps that mirror best security practices.
Step 1 – Assess
The primary goal of assessment is to identify all technology and process vulnerabilities that pose risks to the security of cardholder data that is transmitted, processed or stored by your business. Study the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS)PCI DSS for detailed requirements. It describes IT infrastructure and processes that access the payment account infrastructure. Determine how cardholder data flows from beginning to end of the transaction process – including PCs and laptops that access critical systems, storage mechanisms for paper receipts, etc. Check the versions of personal identification number (PIN) entry terminals and software applications used for payment card transactions and processing to ensure they have passed PCI compliance validation.
Note: your liability for PCI compliance also extends to third parties involved with your process flow, so you must also confirm that they are compliant. Comprehensive assessment is a vital part of understanding what elements may be vulnerable to security exploits and where to direct remediation.
Self-Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ). The SAQ is a validation tool for merchants and service providers who are not required to do on-site assessments for PCI DSS compliance. Four SAQs are specified for various situations.
Qualified Assessors. The Council provides programs for two kinds of independent experts to help with your PCI assessment: Qualified Security Assessor (QSA) and Approved Scanning Vendor (ASV). QSAs have trained personnel and processes to assess and prove compliance with the PCI DSS. ASVs provide commercial software tools to perform vulnerability scans for your systems. Click here for details and links to qualified assessors.
Step 2 – Remediate
Remediation is the process of fixing vulnerabilities – including technical flaws in software code or unsafe practices in how an organization processes or stores cardholder data. Steps include:
- Scanning your network with software tools that analyze infrastructure and spot known vulnerabilities
- Review and remediation of vulnerabilities found in on-site assessment (if applicable) or through the Self-Assessment Questionnaire process
- Classifying and ranking the vulnerabilities to help prioritize the order of remediation, from most serious to least serious
- Applying patches, fixes, workarounds, and changes to unsafe processes and workflow
- Re-scanning to verify that remediation actually occurred
Step 3 – Report
Regular reports are required for PCI compliance; these are submitted to the acquiring bank and global payment brands that you do business with. The PCI SSC is not responsible for PCI compliance. All merchants and processors must submit a quarterly scan report, which must be completed by a PCI SSC-approved ASV. Businesses with large flows must do an annual on-site assessment completed by a PCI SSC-approved QSA and submit the findings to each acquirer. Businesses with small transaction flows may be required to submit an annual Attestation within the Self-Assessment Questionnaire. For more details, talk to your acquirer.Members of the public are enjoying the vibrant entertainment of the 2013 New Year's Eve Countdown Carnival at Sha Tin Park and Sha Tin Town Hall Plaza cum City Art Square tonight (December 31) to celebrate the arrival of the New Year. Presented by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department, the carnival began at 8.30pm and runs until 12.15am on New Year's Day.
The highlights of this year's carnival include a Sri Lankan fire dance, a Cantopop concert by pop group HotCha and singers Ivan Lee and Regen Cheung, as well as Latin dancing with some 100 dancers of different ages. Other attractions include Asian ethnic performances and participatory activities such as Indian, Indonesian and Thai traditional dances, and Turkish erbu, latte art and fruit carving workshops.
The programme at the carnival also includes a piano recital by talented artist Phoebus Chan as well as flute, ukulele and drum performances, dances, music, rope-skipping, shuttlecock-kicking, freestyle bicycle riding, a marching band, a jazz corner and more, offering a feast of fun for the countdown to the New Year.
The carnival will reach its climax at midnight with the countdown ceremony accompanied by pyrotechnics from the rooftops of Sha Tin Town Hall and Sha Tin Public Library.
Ends/Tuesday, December 31, 2013
Issued at HKT 22:30
NNNNSurrealist Poets Poems. Below are examples of surrealist poets poems. This list of surrealist poets poems is made of PoetrySoup member poems. PoetrySoup is a great resource for examples of surrealist poets poems or a list of surrealist poets poetry. These examples illustrate what surrealist poets poems look like. There is also a link below to the definition of surrealist poets and a page where you can discuss it.
The Surrealist Poets poem sub-topics listed below include many popular topics of poetry.
More great poems below...
Note: The forms for these Surrealist Poets poems were selected by the poet. Often poems are assigned the wrong form. Please confirm the accuracy of the poetic form before referencing the poem.
Don't see what poems you want? Try our Advanced Poem Search for more results!Star Blasts Planet With X-rays
September 26, 2011
A nearby star is pummeling a companion planet with a barrage of X-rays a hundred thousand times more intense than the Earth receives from the Sun. New data from NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory and the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope suggest that high-energy radiation is evaporating about 5 million tons of matter from the planet every second. This result gives insight into the difficult survival path for some planets. The planet, known as CoRoT-2b, has a mass about 3 times that of Jupiter (1000 times that of Earth) and orbits its parent star, CoRoT-2a at a distance roughly ten times the distance between Earth and the Moon. The CoRoT-2 star and planet -- so named because the French Space Agency’s Convection, Rotation and planetary Transits (CoRoT) satellite discovered them in 2008 -- is a relatively nearby neighbor of the Solar System at a distance of 880 light years. "This planet is being absolutely fried by its star," said Sebastian Schroeter of the University of Hamburg in Germany. "What may be even stranger is that this planet may be affecting the behavior of the star that is blasting it." According to optical and X-ray data, the CoRoT-2 system is estimated to be between about 100 million and 300 million years old, meaning that the star is fully formed. The Chandra observations show that CoRoT-2a is a very active star, with bright X-ray emission produced by powerful, turbulent magnetic fields. Such strong activity is usually found in much younger stars. ." Support for this idea come from observations of a likely companion star that orbits CoRoT-2a at a distance about a thousand times greater than the separation between the Earth and our Sun. This star is not detected in X-rays, perhaps because it does not have a close-in planet like CoRoT-2b to cause it to stay active. Another intriguing aspect of CoRoT-2b is that it appears to be unusually inflated for a planet in its position. ." These results were published in the August issue of Astronomy and Astrophysics. The other co-authors were Uwe Wolter, Holger Mueller, Klaus Huber and Juergen Schmitt, all from the University of Hamburg.: Exoplanetology, Astronomy, Planetary science, Environment, CoRoT-7d, Transiting extrasolar planets, COROT, COROT-2b, Hot Jupiters, Terrestrial planets, Mars, Serpens constellation, Extrasolar planets, X-ray astronomy, Chandra X-ray Observatory, Observational astronomy, Planet, Jupiter, X-ray, University of Hamburg in Germany, University of HamburgAuction Date: Sunday April 28th 2013 Place: 46 Canal St., Bellows Falls, Vt. 05101 Time: 11 a.m. Preview: Saturday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Sunday 9 a.m. till 10:45 a.m., or by appointment, call 802-460-1190 or 617-413-4054
ART: Oils by Josep SerraSanta, Hans Wacker Elsen, Harry Shokler, Mira Jebwabnik, Joe Jones, style of Botke, watercolors by S. Cooper, Jerush Montez, O. Victor Humann, William Henry Brown silhouette of Lincoln, etchings by Piranesi, Morris Topchesky, Johann Andreas Pfeffel, Jan Goeree, Eugene Gustavovich, Berman pen & ink, bronze medallions, several 19th-century sand paintings, calligraphy advertisement, 19th-century wool work, tinsel painting, Frank Handlen pastel, pen & ink friendship drawing, Robertson paper mill photo, outsider art, “Voyage of Life” artists’ proofs, 1869 poster “Sights & Secrets National Capital”, Picasso poster, Puerto Rican santos, bone-carved monkey.
CLOCKS: Seth Thomas, Caleb Kendall, Procters Burglar and Fire, Sessions, Ingraham, Holloway & Company, WALTER DURFEE TIFFANY PRESENTATION 9 FT TALL, Ansonia, Terry and Andrews, U.S. Clock, Atkins, Attleboro, E.N. Welch, Chauncey Jerome, Daniel Pratt, Collection D’Art, and over 25 clocks.
FURNITURE: 19th-century gold gilt vitrine, Federal mirror, flat-top highboy, set of 8 pillowback rush seats, iron center table, European bannister back, Sheraton dresser, dolphin wall mount shelf, Chippendale blanket chest, Hunzinger-style child’s rocker, marble top coffee table, 3-part floor screen, Arts and Crafts coat rack, and Heywood Wakefield child’s Windsor.
GLASS: Several pcs of Waterford, Webb, Lalique, Hawkes, Baccarat, Steuben, Orrefors, early bottles including Keene Masonic flask, pickle jars, Victorian glass, assorted barber bottles, colognes, calabash bottle, Saxe & Co, Guilford, Codd Neck, and others.
JEWELRY: 18k tricolor gold & diamond ladies ring, 14k gold & diamond cuff bracelet, 14k gold & pearl earrings, 18k gold, enamel & diamond ladies ring, several sets of earrings with pearls, sapphires, amethyst, stones, 14k Victorian earrings, gold and enamel lapel watches, 14k gold link bracelet, 14k gold pendants, several 14k gold ladies wrist watches, Mexican sterling, seed pearls, coral, stick pins, misc. sterling silver pendants, brooch pins, earrings, good costume, cufflinks, and garnet.
LIGHTING: Milk glass overlay, Sargents railroad, Wagner railroad lantern, Williams & Pace oil, Victorian hanging adjustable, Bradley & Hubbard piano lamp, Ardalt, and other.
MISC: Martin Brown Nantucket basket, several Tiffany & Co desk pcs, Queen Victoria Jubilee coffer, 2 -19th century unused memorials, folk art figures, A. Titkin coping saw, Carpenter cast-iron & brass lock set, duck decoys, early leather books, Judaica Shabbat Sabbath oil lamp, Roman Empire gold coin, French silver coin 1786, 1811 English tokens, Masonic Knights Templar sword, other swords, Masonic medals, Masonic wall charts, Masonic trowel & trivet, hand ptd. dome top box, solid brass Buffalo St. R.R. Co bell, 3 railroad tariff wall charts 1866, measures, mortar & pestle, pricket-top candlesticks, mustard painted stave bucket, cast brass ship’s stand, horse figural hitching post, brass theatrical candlesticks and inkwell, mid-19th-century fender, papier- mache snuff boxes, early game board, egg case, Effanbee Patsy Ann doll, Bradley & Hubbard, and Frank Art bookends, tortoise and bone Russian Bible, bronze medallions, textiles, tabernacle mirror, Clement paddle, British Columbia totem carvings, Apache berry basket, Northeast basket, Kabir Kouba slippers, Mexican rug, vintage corsets, early 20th-century dresses, gloves, and more.
ORIENTALIA: Chinese blue & white carpet, Large 19th-century Export porcelain bowl, Chinese rosewood and porcelain tabletop screen, ivory puzzle ball, PERSIAN SILK TAPESTRY RUG WITH STORY DESIGN
PORCELAIN: Several pcs of Royal Worcester, Paris porcelain vases, jar, Moorcroft pomegranate, Royal Crown Derby, shaving mugs, monumental covered urns, majolica planter, Dresden porcelain coach, KPM plates, hand painted porcelain plaque, 18th-century earthenware, French porcelain, Royal Vienna portrait plate, German porcelain, Royal Doulton, and stoneware.
SILVER: Tiffany & Co. box, weighted candelabra, several flatware pcs, serving pcs, Woodside sterling meat platter, French silver spoon, water pitcher, Tuttle sterling flatware service, Tea service from the estate of George Burns & Gracie Allen with inscribed tray, Lunt flatware service, .800 silver gravy boat ship, Debra Copenhaver silver sculpture, Sterling wedding box, .999 silver overlay claret jug, inscribed to Karl Behr [Wimbledon champion and Titanic survivor], F. Ili Peruzzi .800 silver tea service, cut glass and silver wrapped cologne, trays, servers, candlesticks, brushes, mirrors, and more.
Phone bids and left bids accepted. Sale posted on Auction Zip & Liveauctioneers.com TERMS: 15% buyer’s premium in house, 18% on line, cash, check, MasterCard, Visa only. Subject to errors and omissions. Auction license VT# 2437 and MA# 365
Website address: sbauctioneers.comPolicies & Forms
POLICIES
Board of Regents Rules & Regulations
Handbook of Operating Procedures
Policy Memoranda
Catalog Changes, Classroom & Students
- Catalog/Degree Program Changes
- Class and Exams Policy
- Compliance Training for Graduate Student Employees
- Course Syllabus Requirements (PDF)
- H1N1 Class Absences
- Religious Holidays Policy
- Social Security Number Policy (PDF)
- Student Academic Titles
- Student Request for Retroactive Withdrawal
- Writing Flag requirement
- Title IX / ADA / 504 Coordinators
- Academic Titles and Tenure (HOP 2-2010)
- Comprehensive Periodic Review of Tenured Faculty
- English Proficiency Of Faculty (HOP 2-3010-PM)
- Evaluation of Academic Center Directors (HOP 2-2120)
- Evaluation of Chairpersons (HOP 2-2140)
- Evaluation of Deans (HOP 2-2130)
- Extension of the Tenure-Track Probationary Period (HOP 2-2020)
- Annual Review of Faculty
- Faculty Compensation (HOP 2-2160)
- Faculty Evaluation
- Tenure and Promotion
Faculty Leaves, Consulting & Outside Employment
- Faculty Leave Forms
- Conflict of Interest, Conflict of Commitment and Outside Activities (HOP 5-2011)
- Faculty Consulting (HOP 2-2220)
- Faculty Leaves and Special Academic Assignments (HOP 2-2210)
- Faculty Modified Instructional Duties (HOP 2-2240)
- Faculty Sick Leave and Parental Leave (General Information)
- Jury Duty (HOP 5-4410)
- Objectivity in Research - Financial Conflict of Interest (HOP 7-1210)
- Outside Employment Policy (HOP 2-2220)
- Summary of Faculty Leave and Related Policies [Adobe PDF] [Excel .xls]
- Volunteer Emergency Responder Leave (HOP 5-4440)
- Witness Service (HOP 5-4420)
- Faculty Offer Letter Templates
- Faculty Recruitment WebInformation for New Non-tenure Track Faculty (HOP 2-9991-PM B) (Policy Pending) Information for New Tenured/Tenure-track Faculty (HOP 2-9991-PM A) (Policy Pending)
- New Hire Criminal Background Checks (HOP 5-1140)
- Non-discrimination Policy (HOP 3-3020)
- PAR Handbook
- Posting Waiver (PDF) - Updated July 2014
- Program to Assess, Certify and Improve English Proficiency of Faculty (HOP 2-3010-PM)
- Recruitment to Tenured and Tenure-Track Faculty Positions (HOP 2-9989-PM) (Policy Pending)
- STARS Funding Policy
- UT Child Development Center Faculty Recruitment and Retention Program
- Faculty Emeritus Titles; Perquisites and Privileges (HOP 2-2430)
- Modified Service (HOP 2-2420)
- Phased Retirement (HOP 2-2410)
- Faculty Workload Policy (PDF)
Family Friendly Policies & Resources
- Alcoholic Beverages - Guidelines for Serving Requests
- Consensual Relationships (HOP 3-3050)
- CO-OP Subvention Grant Program
- Faculty Grievance Procedure (HOP 2-2310)
- Guidelines for Visitors in Research Laboratories
- Institutional Memberships
- Intellectual Property
- Publishing Policies
- Race Code Changes
- Records Retention Services
- Revised Sex Discrimination and Sexual Harassment Policy
- Sexual Harassment & Sexual Misconduct Guide
- Tuition Policy Advisory Committee
FORMS
Administrative Change Request Form (PDF)
Alcoholic Beverages - Guidelines for Serving Requests
Applicant Pool Statistics
Appointment Process Summary
Authorization of Professional Services (APS)
Authorization to use Textbooks Written by a Member of the Faculty at UT Austin
Background Check Administration (UT Direct)
Certification Form for Administrative Changes (PDF)
Endowed Faculty Fellowship Worksheet
English Proficiency of Faculty
Faculty Activity Report (FAR)
Faculty Monthly Report of Sick Leave Taken
Faculty Phased Retirement Agreement (forms attached to HOP 2-2410)
Faculty Request for Leave
Faculty Travel Grant Program - Confirmation of Childcare Expense
Institutional Membership Form
Outside Employment Form, Annual Request Form (For HOP 2-2200 Only)
Posting Waiver (PDF) - Updated July 2014
Recommendation for Change in Academic Rank/Status
Student Hourly Timesheets (PDF)
Transcript Authorization Form - New Faculty (PDF)
UT Child Development Center Faculty Recruitment and Retention Program
Nicole McNeil
The Alliance for Catholic Education (ACE) Associate Professor of Psychology
Nicole McNeil is the ACE Associate Professor of Psychology. She studies cognitive development, with a primary focus on how children think, learn, and solve problems in the domain of mathematics. She is a highly sought-after invited speaker at universities around the country, and she publishes regularly in top journals such as Child Development, Developmental Psychology, and Journal of Educational Psychology. Her current research, which focuses on children’s understanding of mathematical equivalence, is supported by two grants from the Institute of Educational Sciences (IES) and by a CAREER award from the National Science Foundation (NSF).
McNeil is the recipient of the 2013 Boyd McCandless Award, an early career award given by the American Psychological Association (APA) for distinguished contributions to developmental psychology. She also received the 2007 Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE), the U.S. government’s highest honor recognizing scientists who are at the outset of their careers. A fellow of Notre Dame’s Institute of Educational Initiatives, McNeil is committed to using research in psychology to improve teaching and learning in pre-K—12 schools. She regularly teaches courses in the Alliance for Catholic Education (ACE) “Service through Teaching” program, and is the director of the Education, Schooling, & Society minor at Notre Dame.
McNeil also serves as the director of the Department of Psychology’s Cognition, Learning, and Development Lab at Notre Dame. The lab is dedicated to the study of cognitive and developmental processes that contribute to children’s understanding (and misunderstanding) of mathematics. This work encompasses several interrelated areas such as numerical representation, symbolic reasoning, concept construction, skill acquisition, and problem solving. The research aims to help parents and teachers determine the best ways to structure learning environments, so all children can be provided with the building blocks necessary for success in school and beyond.
Contact Professor McNeil
Visit her website.
Learn more about the Cognition, Learning and Development Lab.
This professorship was established by the University in 1998, with gifts from several anonymous benefactors. Aber.
Sponsor ContentGeneral J. H. Hobart Ward Small 253×320 Medium 506×640 Large 810×1024 Download Tiff Original 1898×2400 | (4.4 MB) Description "General Ward, born in New York city, June 17th, 1823, was educated at Trinity Collegiate School; enlisted at the age of eighteen in the Seventh United States Infantry, and in four years rose through the several grades to that of sergeant major. In the Mexican War he participated in the siege of Fort Brown, received wounds at monterey, and was at the capture of Vera Cruz. At the beginning of the Civil War he recruited the Thirty-eighth New York volunteers, was appointed colonel of the regiment and let it at Bull Run and in all the battles of Peninsular campaign, and subsequently at the second Bull Run and Chantilly. Being promoted brigadier general of volunteers, October 4th, 1862, he commanded a brigade in the Third Corps at Fredericksburg, Chancellorsville, Gettysburg, where he was wounded, as also at Kelly's Ford and Wapping Heights, he was in temporary command of the division. He was wounded at Spottsylvania, and was frequently commended for courage and capacity in official reports."— Frank Leslie, 1896 Keywords Civil War, general j. h. hobart ward, kcivilwarperson Galleries Famous People: W Source: Frank Leslie Famous Leaders and Battle Scenes of the Civil War (New York, NY: Mrs. Frank Leslie, 1896) Courtesy the private collection of Roy WinkelmanSILVER CITY — Gila Cliff Dwellings National Monument is open every day of the year, including Thanksgiving Day. However, in order for volunteer staff to have the opportunity to celebrate the day, the Gila Visitor Center and entrance to the Gila Cliff Dwellings will close at 3 p.m. on Thursday. Visitors entering the trail to the cliff dwellings by 3 p.m. must exit by 4 p.m..
For more information, call the Gila Visitor Center at (575) 536-9461 or visit the Monument's web site at.There has recently been much debate over the tracking of users browsing the Internet. Many advertisement platforms such as Google's AdSense track users across multiple websites in order to customize the ads shown to the user. By learning more about the behavior of users it is possible to show ads that the user will more likely be interested in and thus more likely click on.
There are however a large group of users who does not like to be tracked and would prefer more generic ads. Their only way of preventing advertisers to track them has so far been to install software such as AdBlock, NoScript and FlashBlock. These solutions will remove ads entirely which is why advertisers are looking for a better solution which can cater to the privacy minded minority while still serving up ads for most of them (some will of course still remove ads altogether).
Enter, Do Not Track (DNT). This is a new header that the browsers can send to the websites, telling them to not track the user. The websites (and advertisement platforms) then need to look for this header and honor it. Since the system has so far been opt-in (you need to activate it yourself) most advertisers has decided to actually honor the setting.
But now Microsoft has decided to make the Internet Explorer 10 browser send out the DNT value of 1 (meaning users should not be tracked) by default. This is bad. Mostly because it will make it tougher for advertisers. But also for me.
On the Stoffi website I have put in place a few lines of code which looks for the DNT header and if the value exist and is set to 1 it will not include the Google Analytics code. I use Google Analytics to know how many people visit the website, where they go, which browsers they use, how they found us, etc. This information is very valuable to me as it helps me know how to best improve the website. I can easily find pages where users get stuck. I can see when someone wrote about us and starts to send us users, thus allowing me to visit that website and perhaps engage in a conversation by leaving a comment. I could see which languages we should focus on, and so on.
But if the majority of users will have the DNT header turned on I might be forced to ignore it as I will no longer be getting information about what is going on on my own website. I still can't track individual users, I can't follow a single person around on the website. However I felt that honoring the DNT header by removing the Analytics code was a great feature. I would love for Microsoft to reconsider and have the setting be opt-in, but it's starting to look doubtful.
Also, most advertisers will probably also start to ignore the header, thus defeating the whole purpose and rendering the effort moot.Not Within Top #500
Reckless Abandon
Blink 182
Send "Reckless Abandon" Ringtone to Your Cell (ad)
Popular ringtone start times for this song... (mouse over to see times)
Recent ringtone creations using this song...
Reckless Abandon 00:49 → 01:28
1 year ago by Kayla Widener
Reckless Abandon 02:36 → 03:07
3 years ago by Ted Forlenza
Recent app creations...
00:49→01:141 year ago
00:49→01:192 years ago
00:00→00:302 years ago
00:49→01:192 years ago
00:49→01:192 years ago
Lyrics For "Reckless Abandon"
On and on, reckless abandon
Something's wrong
This is gonna shock them
Nothing to hold on to
We'll use this song
To lead you on
I learned a lo...
View more...Congregants say that Rabbi Dahlia Bernstein has led meaningful, accessible and inspiring prayer services since she began her tenure at the Bellmore Jewish Center on Aug. 1.
On Oct. 6, she will officially become the center’s spiritual leader when she is formally installed as the new rabbi.
In addition to leading services, Bernstein has been meeting with congregants in their homes and impressing them with “her engaging, warm and welcoming style,” officials said.
An installation committee, chaired by past presidents Richard Skolnik and Ira Levy, worked throughout the summer to create a program that they said would reflect how dedicated the community is to her success in leading the congregation to the next level of engagement with their love of Torah, the state of Israel and their commitment to Jewish living.
The program will begin with an opening blessing by Rabbi Morris Bernstein, Dahlia’s father. Her mentors from the Orangetown Jewish Center, Rabbi Craig Scheff and Rabbi Paula Mack Drill, will install her. Bernstein worked with the pair while she served as a rabbinic and education intern at their synagogue in Orangeburg, N.Y.
Committee members explained that the congregants would then convey the holiness of the union between the rabbi and the community by signing and reading a specially written Ketubah, or religious document of a union or marriage of mutual vows, between Bernstein and the Bellmore Jewish Center. They noted that the document would be displayed in the synagogue as a reminder of their shared goals and commitment.
Other dignitaries have been invited to speak at the ceremony, recognizing the festiveness of the occasion. Hebrew, English and Yiddish music for the ceremony will be provided by Tizmoret, a Queens College a capella group.
The ceremony will begin at 9:45 a.m. at the center, at 2550 Centre Ave. A brunch reception will follow the installation. Organizers said that, to join the tribute, community members should call the Bellmore Jewish Center at (516) 781-3072 for more information.Cheap Furnished 2 Bedroom Greensboro Apartments Find $300-$500 Apartments for Rent
Your search for Cheap Furnished 2 Bedroom Apartments in Greensboro from $300 to $500 had no exact matches. Here are some other nearby Greensboro apartments we think you'll like.
Hey There!
We’ve helped hundreds of residents find the perfect Cheap Furnished 2 Bedroom Apartments in Greensboro from $300 to $500 Greensboro Apartments
- 3 Bedroom Apartments
- 4 Bedroom Apartments
By Minimum Price:
- Cheap Greensboro Apartments
- $400 Apartments
- $500 Apartments
- $600 Apartments
- $700 Apartments
- $800 Apartments
- $900 Apartments
- see all prices...
By Maximum Price:
- $700 Apartments
- $800 Apartments
- $900 Apartments
- $1100 Apartments
- $1400 Apartments
- $1500 Apartments
- see all prices...
By Community Type:
- Greensboro Homes for Rent
- Corporate Apartments
- Furnished Apartments
- Garden Apartments
- Short-Term Apartments
- Student Apartments
- see all types...
By Amenities:
By Neighborhood:
- Madison Woods Apartments (17)
- The Thicket Apartments (16)
- Friendswood Apartments (16)
- Westwind Area Apartments (16)
- Hewitt Area Apartments (12)
- see all neighborhoods...Oct. 21, 2013
UCF Athletics Social Media Directory
By Brian Ormiston UCFKnights.com
ORLANDO, Fla. (UCFKnights.com) - There are several awards handed out across the country each week, but one of the most prestigious honors celebrates an entire team's accomplishment. And on Monday, that accolade went to UCF as the Knights were named the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl National Team of the Week.
The announcement was made on SiriusXM Radio's "College Sports Today," hosted by Mark Packer and Eddie George.
The Football Writers Association of America has named a national team of the week since 2002, and it is the ninth season that the award has been sponsored by the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl. Members of the FWAA All-America Committee decide the weekly honor.
2013 Tostitos Fiesta Bowl National Teams of the Week
Week 1 - North Dakota State
Week 2 - BYU
Week 3 - UCLA
Week 4 - Stanford
Week 5 - Georgia
Week 6 - Florida State
Week 7 - Texas
Week 8 - UCF
Earning its first win over a top-10 team, UCF traveled to Kentucky Oct. 18 and knocked off No. 8/6 Louisville in dramatic fashion, 38-35. That pushed the Knights' record to 5-1 this year and 2-0 in the American Athletic Conference, while they also improved to 4-0 on the road in 2013. The 38 points were the most by a UCF team against a ranked opponent, and their 446 yards of total offense were the second most vs. a ranked team.
Against the Cardinals, the Knights fell behind in the third quarter, 28-7, before marching their way to 24-unanswered points. That was highlighted by three touchdowns in a span of 4:20 in the third quarter alone. Eventually with UCF trailing, 35-31, with 3:00 to go, the offense put together an 11-play, 75-yard drive that culminated in a 2-yard touchdown pass from Blake Bortles to Jeff Godfrey with 23 seconds remaining.
When the clock struck 0:00, UCF tied its school record for the largest come-from-behind win in program history.
With the victory, UCF entered the top 25 for the first time since 2010, being ranked No. 21 in the AP Poll and No. 25 in the USA Today Coaches Poll. It also sat No. 23 in the first BCS standings released Oct. 20.
The Knights will be back at home for the first time since Sept. 28 when they host UConn in the first American Athletic Conference game at Bright House Networks Stadium. Kickoff is set for Saturday at noon.
Plan your game days this fall with the Knights and experience one of the best schedules in program history. Order tickets today online or call 407-UCF-1000.The! :-/
Archive for the ‘Photography’ Category
Vancouver Island Winter Sunset
Victoria Street lights at night,.
Angry pre-apocalyptic sky is angry.
Extra cupcakes & a zombie survival kit have been purchased just in case ;)
Extreme Storm over Manhattan
The extreme storm over Manhattan on Sept 8th, 2012 which resulted in two tornados on the edge of NYC. There were, however, no reported sightings of zombies or Batman.
Hidden in the Fiery Sky
Manhattan Magic Hour Sunset
Absolutely magical light over Chelsea, Manhattan, NYC.
Magical Ta Prohm, Cambodia
Ta Prohm, Angkor Wat, Siam Reap, Cambodia
Magical Place… Daydreaming about traveling again. Where should I go next?
Storm chasing in NYC
8 Macro Flower Photos to Inspire you
Apologies for my lack of posting for the past few months! During my Around the World with an iPhone trip, I diverted my attentions to my travel blog and posting photos on Facebook. Anyway, after much delay, I thought I would give some love back to this blog. Here are some bokeh beautiful macros to inspire you to get out and take some shots.
Around the World with my iPhone: Tokyo, Japan!Gorica's Serbian Studio
Name:Gorica
Location:Belgrade, Serbia
Division:International
Square Feet:280
What I Love About My Home
Iâve been in this studio for 6 months now, so maybe it has not reached its full potential yet (donât be surprised if you see me here next year ;)). I tried to organize space with zones tailored to different activities , and I dare to say I did a good job. Love to think my sweet home is so far from tiny. One of my favorite features of my home is the glass wall. Sunny mornings and the view that I have of the town are a real joy. I do love light quality, white color of the place, and the overall cozy feel.
Biggest Challenge in Furnishing My Home
I wanted separation between my sleeping and living area so I made a system of bookshelves, (design of all the wood furniture in the apartment is created by myself, so itâs a little thing that Iâm proud of), like the fact it divides the space while allowing light to shine through the whole apartment. I wanted to provide a personal touch on both sides of the faux wall so the shelves are filled only partially. I used the white color and the mirrors to enlarge the space, yet a bold color of the details to make a space warm.
583
favorites
Favoriting and voting have ended.
Very well thought out. Love it.
view Dervla's profile
Absolutely charming!!!!
view lee66's profile
Great job!
view nikolina's profile
Next summer I will visit Belgrade, I hope you show to us your apartment, Gorica!
I like it!
view Dareces's profile
i love the color of red in decoration, so beautiful flat! congrats....
view burcuayaz1's profile
Super! And those views
view Allegra M's profile
It is everyhting you tried to make it and much more...this takes talent!
Well done!
view joyia's profile
Great looking appartment. :)
view PetarP's profile
Perfect.
view tinajan's profile
bravo goksi :)
view arhboki's profile
Super!
view Milena from Leskovac's profile
The best so far!
view msmezzo's profile
That view is astounding.
view thebean's profile
Beautifully done!
view stationeryfiend's profile
It's darling!
view Honore's profile
Shame about the overexposed pics, but for 280 sqf, this home is hot!
view edmarch's profile
Very nice. Love the bookshelves!
view Tracy333's profile
One of the first entries I just want to walk into.
view Britomart's profile
I love how you photographed your home making the best possible use of the light, and showing us its different moods.
view Juliet___'s profile
Great job! One of my favorites! Love the wall divider separating the sleeping and living area and how the TV swivels. Love your use of red. Good luck1
view robertspeg's profile
What an inviting and imaginative use of this tiny space. Bravo!
view visualeyes's profile
thanks guys! I tried to make it cosy, yet light and airy at the same time. For 280sqf it was quite a job :) :*
view Gorica's profile
Wow, what a great job you've done making your small space both beautiful and functional. This is inspiring!
view Reeal's profile
Love your divider--such a great way to deal with the sloped ceiling, and very attractive.
view azr2005's profile
lovely bright and welcoming. Good job :)
view arnold's profile
Great job! :)
view _Bobo_'s profile
Super Cool.
view SDazzle's profile
Now, that's a perfectly sized kitchen for a studio. And I always love when people have a dining area, no matter how small the apartment is.
view little one's profile
V nice well done! Love the bookshelves
view Ciotola's profile
Love the red rug!
The space seems very carefully planned and well-thought out. Awesome!
view emmelemm's profile
Also, I love your countertop over the radiator. What a great use of space.
view emmelemm's profile
Perfect! The kitchen is adorable, the bookshelves are really cleverly designed, and it looks cozy and personal without looking cluttered. Plus the views! I want to move right in.
view cedargr0's profile
very clever, I love the way that the bookcase unit mirrors the ceiling slope and isn't straight. The way your tv moves to be seen in both the sitting room and bedroom is very clever. And your views are stunning.
view Threadbndr's profile
thanks everyone!
@ emmelemm
I had to figure how to enlarge the kitchen area yet in the same time open the space up somehow (that's way I used the bright colors and the glass elements).. the countertop was practical solution for everyday use :)..
@ cedargr0
@ Threadbndr
- thanks for loving the bookshelfes (design was made by myself), I tried to make every part of the studio complete and
functional, so that it would feel like a real home.The bookshelves separate
the space visually and physically but retain the feeling of one big room, and that was my goal :)
view Gorica's profile
I pretty much love your apartment! It's super functional, not too open, and still seems to flow from space to space.
And the swivel TV is magnificent.
view HandmadeKatie's profile
Im a college student and next month Im going to move to a studio and one of the biggest problems I have is trying to separate the living and sleeping areas...Thanks for solving that problem for me in such a beautiful way. Inspiring!!
view yanna's profile
Great job. You should be proud :)
view see's profile
Another fantastic space! There's some serious competition today. So smart.
view kelleyk's profile
That divider is to die for, and the kitchen literally made me squeal. Beautifully done and so well organized!
Sretno :)
view fleo's profile
I bookmarked this! I'm moving into a 300sq ft apartment soon and your beautiful apartment will definitely help mine.
Hvala, Gorica. :)
view mssquarepants's profile
Awesome job! I love your divider, and that you can turn the TV both ways. (I've been looking for inspiration images of that type of setup for a long time, so thanks!) :)
view lefemmevenita's profile
Adorable kitchen!
view rajaune's profile
I love this home, and it is a home. It is tiny, but doesn't feel tiny. Fabulous!
view Wildsong's profile
lovely home, lovely view!
view illestwifey's profile
I really love the colors. Adorable place. I would love looking out those windows in the mornings.
view qlorne's profile
One of the best uses of 280 sq. ft. I've seen!!
view wyndwalkr's profile
Everything you love about your home, I love it too. Also, the color seems very well balanced; the small bit of red wallpaper is perfect. Even your floor plan is pretty.
view Lilly3's profile
Beautiful! I love your wood furniture, especially the bookcase.
view Gaidig's profile
Loving the floors, the view, the kitchen and dining space. Also the clever shelves. Overall brilliant use of space but not crazy about the amount of red.
view shrewt's profile
Lovely kitchen, so tiny! and even has a stove and fridge! And those chairs and booke case. Its amazing!
view Ofelia's profile
Thank you all for such great comments..!
view Gorica's profile
very clever & cute :-) I especially like the way closets are "packed" so that you have plenty of room for storage in such tiny space, and yet you can't see closets anywhere in the photos. Srecno!
view Jetsi_'s profile
Thanks Jetsi, I had to choose only 5 photos, so unfortunately you can't see the closet, it's hidden in wall & takes up no apparent space. there are two sliding doors, one is white (like the rest of the furniture), and the other one is a mirror, so it opens a space a bit more.
view Gorica's profile
Wonderful! I was going to ask about the closets too. I loved living in a 300 square foot one bedroom (so I didn't have the divider need), but without those "extra" 20 square feet I had I wondered where you put your clothes & things!
view whytravel's profile
I need those 'extra' 20 sqf very badly :).. well, had to all figure out in advance, so the closet is carefully planned for the clothes as well as other stuff (like the vacuum cleaner, the iron, etc.). Thanks!
view Gorica's profile
people would think we don't know each other :), thanks for your vote david :)
view Gorica's profile
Goriciiiiiii! Jeeeej! :))) Vidim ima ovde i nekih upozavajucih ponuda! :)))
Bas su divni komentari, ponosna sam na tebe!:***
view Kovrdzica's profile
hihi, jao kakvo prijatno iznenadjence :).. pa hvala draga, nadam se da cemo iduce godine, rame uz rame, udruziti snage :) :*
view Gorica's profile
Your apartment is beautiful! The way you have it decorated it seems much larger than its 280 sq feet. Somehow it seems both warm and cozy AND light and airy. The view is spectacular, as well.
view KatinaM's profile
Thanks Katina! :)
view Gorica's profile
Very nice. Can you swivel the tv so you can watch it in bed or from the couch? Really not a fan of refrigerator magnets as I think they aren't sophisticated.
view House Voyeur's profile
Love it, such a sweet home
view bloggergal's profile
I love that there's a Serbian contributor! Plus, he does an excellent job:D
And I don't care if magnets aren't sophisticated at all...my kids love going to hang their artwork at a level they can see :D
view elle31's profile
Thanks for the encouragement, everyone!
@ elle31 :) Im glad someone actually knows how challenging this is for some modest studio from Serbia! :) It was so challenging for me to fill my small space with pieces that I love but could also afford. I'm honored my home has been selected for the contest, 'cause, to be honest, there are so beautiful yet expensive interiors wide world you can see here, that for me - this is already a success :)
view Gorica's profile
@ elle31, & it is She :)
view Gorica's profile
unintentional!!! :D
view elle31's profile
I just love predominantly white interiors flooded with loads of sunshine and highlighted with some bright color...awesome!!!
view far.east.movement's profile
far.east.movement? :) it reminds me of Shanghai :)... thanks for the encouragement!! :)
view Gorica's profile
This so remind me of my apartment with all the red accents. Love!
view cbeatty23's profile
Svaka čast, zaista je PREDIVNO! :)
Dom kakav svako želi! Sviđa mi se kako je prostor iskorišćen. Sve je po mom ukusu, imaš 10-ku od mene! ;)
view sanja ns's profile
Hvala Sanja! :*
view Gorica's profile
Great colors, nice use of sunshine, and it does indeed look like you've got a spectacular view. Well done!
view tornadoZ's profile
Great use of such a small place and beautiful too.
view brabecova's profile
O, what a view!!!
view Danielia's profile
Love the multi-directional TV idea.
view analogdialog's profile
red and yellow! fabulous!
view queenyellowsun's profile
Great job. A lovely space. You deserve more votes.
view Eva Gorman's profile
Hard to believe this is no even 300 square feet. It looks much more spacious. as othes have said, love the divider to separate the sleeping area. Beautifully done!
view mayabee's profile
Meant: "not even 300 square feet."
view mayabee's profile
This studio answers to all challenges one meets in decorating apartment of this size. Subtle mixture of colors give of several rooms indifferent moods, main usage of light colors (and the sunlight itself) visually expands the flat, whereas usage of different shades of dark red in combination with pictures gives this flat warmth it gracefully shows us. Little overusing of pictures is present, however with some rearranging of these nicely framed pictures impression can be improved. At the end, design of wood elements, especially bookshelf gives this flat owners touch, providing inspiration to other with good taste and imagination to try the same... ;)
view Jevta Car's profile
Realno. jevta car :)
view Gorica's profile
Thanks mayabee.. believe me it Is 280 sqf :), like the fact every inch of this space is utilized.. :)
Thank you all so much for all your great comments & the encouragement! :) I really appreciate the feedback..! :)
view Gorica's profile
Thank you Eva :). at the end, I'm in the international group, somehow it seems to me those are the least visited entries :)..
view Gorica's profile
Superawesome job!
It is unbelievable that there actually is a kitchen smaller than mine :-D
Срећно Горице!
view Ela&Vuk's profile
Хвала Ела, Хвала Вуче! :)
view Gorica's profile
Truly inspiring. Great job, Gorica.
view chaotic's profile
So how does this voting business work exactly? I've been trying to vote for the last couple of days without success. Voting is supposed to be between May 2 and May 9. It's only May 5 and you already have an international winner. WTH?
view chaotic's profile
Ah, you're a bit late, I'm afraid :)
the initial round of selecting favorites was during April (4th April - 1st May).
Reader favorite feedback on the NATIONAL entries move on to the final vote where the grand prize winner will be determined.
BUT for the ones from INTERNATIONAL group the voting has been finished on 1st May (International contenstants are not eligible to win prizes, that is why you can't vote anymore for this group :),
Anyways, thank you for your lovely comment, I'm glad you like my home as much as I do.
view Gorica's profile
what a cute kitchen !!
view pizzapi's profile
well done use of small space I've seen yet. AMAZING VIEWS - I'm jealous
view Debbie Chap's profile
:), Thanks Debbie!
view Gorica's profile
Divno...šteta što nisi pobedila...pozz
view jas andWe have 11 articles tagged 9-11. Showing pages 11 to 11.
The New Internationalist responds to the horror of the attacks on New York and Washington â and to the looming threat of war.…
RSS feed of articles tagged 9-11 (page 2)
Our entire digital archive is available on your browser and mobile device.Researchers might have found a more efficient way to turn biomass into biofuel using plant genetics. This article from Phys.org says plant geneticists Sam Hazen at the University of Massachusetts Amherst and Siobhan Brady at the University of California, Davis, have sorted out the gene regulatory networks that would have the biggest impacts on the green fuel production..”
The authors of the study were able to find that most of the proteins including regulators of cell cycle and differentiation bind directly to cellulose genes and to other transcription regulators, giving plants a huge number of possible combinations for responding and adapting to environmental stressors.As invading kudzu bugs spread, scientists and farmers plan counterattack
By Tom Hallman
The good news is, we can kill
them.
The bad news is, it'll cost us.
And the damage they do in the meantime will cost even more.
Kudzu bugs, first discovered northeast of Atlanta three years ago, have swept through Georgia and the Carolinas like Sherman. And like the notorious Yankee, the invading Asian insects wreak havoc wherever they go and remorselessly leave destruction in their wake -- especially to soybeans, a staple crop for farmers.
"They've already become an economic pest on soybeans in the areas they've infected. They're fast-moving and can have a significant impact on a crop," said Jeremy Greene, a Clemson fall, drawing agricultural scientists and farmers alike."
Mercifully,. If your timing is off, you may kill the bugs in one field only to have others swarm in from nearby.
"It's the early infestations we're worried about now," Greene said. "We're studying them to get that application timing down just right."
The kudzu bug -- so named for its affinity for the ubiquitous the juices of legumes, pod-bearing plants that include kudzu, soybeans, peanuts, alfalfa and clover, among others., Ga., averaged an 18 percent yield reduction from the pests. Damage varied widely, though. Some fields were untouched; others lost as much as 50 percent of their yield as the plants set fewer pods with fewer, smaller beans.
The kudzu bug has already caused an international incident -- one with ominous portent for American agricultural exports.
"Honduras found seven dead kudzu bugs in a poultry shipment from Georgia. They stopped all agricultural shipments from Georgia, the Carolinas and Alabama for a time," said Joe Eger of Dow Agrosciences, one of the speakers at the Clemson conference. "Argentina and Brazil are big soybean producers. They are watching what we do carefully."
Until longer-term solutions can be found, Extension agents are helping farmers face strike a balance between the cost and timing of insecticides.
"Will yield increases offset the cost of the spray? That's the decision farmers will have to make," said Ron Smith, an entomologist at Auburn University. "With $17 (per bushel) prices, you'll see more sprays than at $7."
"We can control them," Greene said. "It will take discipline. It will take patience. It will take more research to properly define what we're dealing with and how to respond."
-30-
Learn more about the kudzu bug:
View video and interviews about the kudzu bug:
More on pest management:
For information: Jeremy Greene, 803-284-3343, ext. 245, greene4@clemson.eduGun Theft at Shooter's Paradise [Archive] - Glock Talk Glock Talk > The Main Room > WhereULive > Glockers of the Old Dominion > Gun Theft at Shooter's Paradise PDA View Full Version : Gun Theft at Shooter's Paradise KONY02-06-2007, 22:35 Hunterjbb02-07-2007, 21:01Nothing like good video surveillance.. :) I've got to admit i've walked off and left a lot of things in my time, some fairly valuable.. but i can say i've never ever walked off and left one of my guns behind.. man.. i can only imagine the absolute panic the owner felt.. Things like this making the news will only inflame the "anti's".. to show how irresponsible gun owners are.. crap. Hope they catch them quick. Jeff. cmparrish02-08-2007, 09:32Responded to wrong message. vafish02-08-2007, 17:48Our club had to buy a gun safe for the rifle and pistol range because so many people were leaving guns on the range. KONY02-08-2007, 18:02Originally posted by vafish Our club had to buy a gun safe for the rifle and pistol range because so many people were leaving guns on the range. Wow, folks must really have money to burn when they just start leaving guns at the range! :shocked: vafish02-08-2007, 21:03Originally posted by KONY Wow, folks must really have money to burn when they just start leaving guns at the range! :shocked: No just too many guns. Usually happens when a person comes out shooting and brings 5-10 guns along. It takes a couple trips to the car to bring them all back, shooter stops to talk to someone as he's leaving and forgets to take the last trip back to the car. The one I saw was a beautiful black powder rifle. Not your average replica, but one of those really nice handmade jobs. There had been a Black Powder demonstration, the guy had brought out a bunch of his guns as part of the demonstration and in the tear down he left it in a case on the ground behind his firing point. vBulletin® v3.8.7, Copyright ©2000-2015, vBulletin Solutions, Inc.By Emelia Sithole-Matarise and Marius Zaharia
LONDON, Oct 2 (Reuters) - Italian government bond yieldsfell on Wednesday after Prime Minister Enrico Letta won aconfidence vote from lawmakers following former premier SilvioBerlusconi's climbdown from threats to topple the coalition.
Italian debt outperformed other euro zone bonds, which were steady to slightly weaker after the European Central Bank leftkey interest rates unchanged and gave no hint fresh monetaryeasing was imminent..
Berlusconi backed off just before the confidence vote inparliament after divisions within his camp widened sharply thisweek, easing market concern that Italy could face a fresh roundof potentially inconclusive elections.
.
The cost to insure Italian debt against default viafive-year credit default swaps fell 6 basis point to 248 basispoints, according to data monitor Markit.
Some analysts say renewed parliament backing mightstrengthen Letta's authority to push through reforms.
"Maybe Berlusconi pushed it too far this time and ... afterall this we could have a more stable government than the one wehad before. Italy may come out stronger," Nordea chief analystAnders Svendsen said.
Italian bonds also clawed back some ground against Spanishequivalents, though 10-year yields were still 11 bps aboveSpanish ones.
"Short-term there's potential we may see more switching outof Spain into Italy but overall we see the 10-year Italian yieldfalling to 4.25 percent," Schnautz said.
ECB STANDS PAT
The first U.S. government shutdown in 17 years was havinglittle impact on the region's debt markets as many investorsview it as only temporary..
.
While Bunds, regarded as a safe-haven asset, showed noobvious reaction to the U.S. government shutdown, the cost ofinsuring U.S. government bonds for one year rose above that ofinsuring the debt for five years for the first time since July2011.
The curve inversion is considered a classic sign of stressas normally a longer-term insurance would be costlier.
- Bonds
- Finance
- Enrico Letta
- Silvio Berlusconi
- Italy.
There are also overtones of traitorous behavior as Li Tian Ci uses the Japanese to further his evil ambitions....
4 years agoA mean spirit that forces families to such heartbreak
Page Tools
Your story "Families' agonising choices after disability support cut" (Herald, April 29) demands community outrage at every level. For once, I hope the shockjocks go to town on this one.
What sort of a bastard politician voted to cut the disability program that allows families with profoundly disabled members to have a semblance of a decent life, knowing that their loved ones are being looked after with dignity and not just propped up in front of the television?
My heart aches for the single mother who has borrowed $3500 to enable her Down syndrome daughter to attend a program five days a week after her days were cut to three. The same politicians would spill more than this amount in a week's lunches.
Do any of them understand what it must have taken for the other family to leave their son at the respite centre to draw attention to their plight? No wonder the NSW Labor Government is so on the nose with former diehard Labor supporters.
Lynne Poleson Kingsford
We wonder why families fear reforms. In other areas reforms mean improvements but in disability services reforms mean cuts. Families of a person with a disability have lost confidence in the disability service system.
Residential and support services are in a state of shameful crisis. This is a crisis of money, of planning and of commitment and good faith. The immediate victims of this crisis are people with disabilities, who are by definition unable to fully protect or help themselves. The secondary victims are their families and support networks. This crisis is impossible to justify in any society, much less one that professes social justice as a cornerstone.
Janet Birks Western Sydney Intellectual Disability Support Group, Rydalmere
At the beginning of April, you reported that a mother was unable to accept her intellectually disabled son back from police because he was too violent for her to manage. At the end of April you report that a family has refused to take back their son from respite care because of the enormous burden placed upon them due to the cuts to his day program.
When will the community recognise that disability services in NSW are appallingly under-resourced? Yet, somehow, Bob Carr is able to find the money to open nine public schools over the next five years. It seems that schools win elections while people with disabilities and their carers have no voice.
Andrew White Glenhaven
IVF babies get page one of the Herald and families forced to give up their much-loved children are lucky to get page three. Parents of intellectually disabled children are losing the support they need to care for their children. Our kids may not be as cute as newborns but they are just as needy; they are still our babies. Why is this such a low-key issue?
Bernadette Moloney Balmain
My 43-year old sister has a rare physical and mental disability that has affected her entire life. However, her effect on my family and on the community of Orange is profound, through her positive personality and her drive to become a great sportswoman.
Donna has represented Australia twice in the world blind tenpin bowling championships, in Helsinki and Florida, and she was nominated for Orange's Australian of the Year for two years running.
Mr Carr, these program cuts will have a disastrous effect on so many families, and project a lack of moral goodness on your behalf. Please reconsider and understand just how important these programs are.
Alison Holland Bondi
Independent New Zealand is anything but a liability
The former Australian defence policymaker Paul Dibb criticises New Zealand for moving its defence forces towards a more humanitarian purpose, and considers it "a strategic liability" ("History bows to political imperatives", Herald, April 29). How is this a liability? Are we afraid that someone will invade New Zealand for its vast natural resources?
Dibb continues: "They see themselves as a country located in the South Pacific with a great and powerful Australia to their west." Replace "Australia" with "America" and we have a very good description of John Howard's foreign policy. The US wants to play policeman to the world; that's fine, so long as other countries choose other roles. New Zealand chooses to be a nurse rather than a cop and, rather than harass them for it, we should thank them for doing a job that we leave unattended as we play deputy sheriff.
Mike Southon North Ryde
Commentators who continue to emphasise New Zealand pacifism know little about either New Zealand history or its psyche. New Zealand is a bipolar place on a number of levels and one of these is clearly that of defence.
Examine the figures and you will see New Zealand's casualty rate in World War I far surpassed that of Australia. Reflect on how quickly New Zealand entered World War II and the rhetoric that surrounded it - "where Britain goes, we go". My goodness, we were in East Timor in about three nanoseconds and even volunteered our one frigate for the Falklands War.
Personally, I am absolutely confident that should "big" decisions be required there will be no lack of fortitude on the part of New Zealand. Admittedly, we might be kitted out with rugby jerseys and shotguns, but we'll be there.
N. Hablous Hamilton (NZ)
Peter Hartcher's article left me insanely jealous. How come New Zealand gets a Prime Minister endowed with compassion, intelligence and courage?
Jonathan C. Hill Alawa (NT)
Other 'lifestyle choices' are funded by Medicare
I find it a bit bizarre that one of the main arguments being offered by supporters of the proposed restrictions on IVF is that people who are unable to conceive naturally should just accept it as their lot. Surely the same argument can be applied to any health issue. Cancer? Heart disease? Sorry, but you're obviously "meant" to die, so off you pop. Should you happen to get lung cancer from smoking, well, that was a "lifestyle choice", wasn't it? No treatment for you. How ridiculous.
Lucy Nairn St Peters
Yes, Doug Richards (Letters, April 29), if you don't want Medicare to subsidise IVF treatment to help overcome infertility which has been brought about by women delaying reproduction, a lifestyle choice you say, let's not subsidise knee reconstructions brought about by overpaid boofhead blokes playing football, or competitive skiers - none of whom have improved my lifestyle.
Let's not pay for silly adventurers who climb mountains, walk across deserts or hang-glide, all of which seem senseless, but it's their choice. We could say no more chemotherapy or radiotherapy for anyone who has the temerity to come out of remission for a third time. We could go on and on.
A lot of money is spent bringing people into this country supposedly to help with the ageing population, so why can't we spend money to help produce a few "homegrown" babies?
Kate Chivers Epping
If the Federal Government is really trying to cut health costs in the coming budget it could stop the need for people with long-term illnesses requiring a referral for a specialist, on an annual basis. This requirement for these patients could be for at least five years or even longer. This would save Medicare a great deal of money.
Brian J. Sewell Dulwich Hill
These fallen forgotten
What a weird mob we are: honouring the glory, gallantry and gross futility of Gallipoli, where Australia was engaged in support of foreign powers and causes, but making no real effort as a nation (apart from some recent books about the Kokoda Trail) to pay tribute to those lying in Bomana War Cemetery (outside Port Moresby) and others in various areas of Papua New Guinea, Borneo and the Asian region as a result of a bloody conflict which Australia, for the first time ever, was waging for its own existence and causes.
George D'Aran Nelson Bay
Sorry, Katie Drinkwater (Letters, April 29), it is not inevitable that rubbish be left behind at Anzac Cove. Surely if you can carry it in full you can carry it out empty.
Ann Eskens Crows Nest
If Michael Askey (Letters, April 28) is serious in his excuse for singing God Save the Queen at an Anzac ceremony, in that it was "a hymn which related directly to the era of 90 years ago", then shouldn't they have been singing God Save the King?
J. Barrie Brown Gordon
The purpose of business
Les MacDonald (Letters, April 29) finds businesses turning their staff into commodities for financial gain "offensive". What purpose do staff have for a business other than financial gain?
David Grunstein Bondi
Refugee policy illogical
Re your article about the East Timorese refugees ("Fifty long-time East Timorese refugees to be expelled", Herald, April 28), I believe that this issue highlights the inconsistencies in Australia's refugee policy. After 10 years of residency surely this family deserves better than 28 days' notice to depart.
The sooner the Government overhauls its procedures, the better for all Australians.
Ellen Smith Glebe
Expedient turnaround
Is there no end to the cynicism? John Howard's chief political adviser, Lynton Crosby, ran a campaign saying the invasion of Iraq was right - then goes off to Britain to help the Conservative Party run a campaign saying the invasion was wrong.
I'm tempted to rephrase an old Fraser quote by saying "life wasn't meant to be sleazy".
P. Papworth Bellbird
Weighing a solution
How difficult would it be for our airlines to tag the weight of checked-in luggage? Simple, but undeniable proof of innocence for others who may be placed in the same predicament as Schapelle Corby.
Richard Bolt North Balgowlah
Stamped with nepotism
That three members of the same family were fortunate enough to obtain employment within the same section of the Department of Foreign Affairs must be fuel for those who believe the only means of gaining employment in any government department (state or federal) is via friends or relatives ("Downer defends passport office integrity", Herald, April 29).
Adam Lyons Springwood.
Gratis for some
John Howard claims "nothing in life is completely free, nor should it be". Presumably this does not apply to not one, but two taxpayer-funded residences.
Brian O'Brien Bolwarra
Reminder of war's reality
Thanks once again to Paul McGeough for putting a human face on war ("After the bombs, illness - and few to care", Herald, April 29). Not nameless Sunnis, Shiites or Kurds but eight-year-old Zahara Rejeb, who can't get proper treatment for leukaemia in an under-resourced Basra hospital. This is one of the consequences of the war that John Howard wants us to "move on" from.
Morris Graham Georgetown
Priorities, Paul McGeough. The Iraqi people will have to wait for the delivery of medical aid until that all-important burdensome task of delivering democracy is completed.
Max Fischer Scarborough
Salt-free pie in the sky
To the greens, we have all the uranium we need to power the desalination plant (and the rest of the country as well) so there will be no greenhouse gases ("Water price rise to fund desalination", Herald, April 29).
Further, this is a proposal by the Carr Government, so don't fret, it won't happen. By the time they conduct feasibility studies (what seats are threatened), we will be either too old or gone.
Richard Ward Texas (US)
Too pleasant a grumble about the grumblers
The only problem I have with Peter Harrison's sensible plea for patience and courtesy on Friday's back page is that you can't really call it a Heckle (Herald, April 29). An anti-Heckle, perhaps?
Niall O'Driscoll Centennial Park
Riveting issues galore
As president of the Reminiscing No Longer Available Foods club, I have been inundated with requests for application forms. Rather than filling up the letters pages with these truly fascinating anecdotes, I urge people to join our online deliberations, which also include discussions on our favourite breakfast cereals and most unusual hobbies.
Andrew Charleston Randwick
On all our backs
Dawn Cameron (Letters, April 29), the stockmarket rises and falls "on the back of" something else because it is a parasite, creating artificial volatility to allow the slothful to arbitrage the industrious while slowly kicking the life out of both punter and the punted.
Peter Fyfe Lavender Bay
Upper cut lift-off
Tributes may "flow in" and tennis players be "bundled out" of tournaments (Letters, April 28) but is there a finer sight for sore eyes than a batsman "in full flight"?
Robert Shield Caringbah
And don't you love the way VIPs and celebs are always "whisked" away to places?
John Little Cronulla
Online recycling
To K.Matts (Letters, April 29), have you no imagination? After reading the Herald online, you print it out, then you can wrap your scraps. Simple, really.
M. Simmonds Balmain
Twenty years ago we were asked to use plastic bags to save the trees. We have now come full circle, and are encouraged to wrap our rubbish in newspaper. This week's award for killing trees goes to Commonwealth Bank Insurance. I added a small item to my contents insurance, which required me to pay an additional $11 premium. The invoice I received in the mail was six pages long.
J. Archer Dural
A timeless moment
Would some qualified authority please settle the argument as to whether 12 midday is AM or PM? I have heard this debated so many times and the only point of agreement has been that a millisecond before noon is AM and a millisecond after is PM.
Lionel Cohen North Bondi
American optimism
Following several letters on the subject of the Americanisation of Australian English, I note that my St George Bank credit card no longer expires end of month/year. It's now valid thru (sic) month/year. Is it really necessary to follow the septics so slavishly?
Ron Shapiro Paddington
Inventive exit
My darling wife, one of the world's great innovators, once reversed out of a roundabout.
John Campbell Rosebank
POSTSCRIPT
The usual solemn and thoughtful memories occasioned on Anzac Day were hijacked this year by three events: the development at Anzac Cove (or Howard's Way, as many dubbed the new road), news that the crowds had been entertained with some pop songs (including the Bee Gees' Tragedy and Stayin' Alive) and the morning-after photographs, complete with piles of rubbish. Despite protestations from those who attended that there were not enough bins to cater for the crowd, that wasn't good enough for Ritchard Longmire: "You wouldn't leave your garbage at the local cemetery; you'd take it with you when you left. No bins is no excuse." And Allan Gibson had a unique take, ruing John Farnham's absence from the ceremonies. "If he had been able to perform, the organisers would have had an added bonus in the form of Sadie the Cleaning Lady. She could have stayed back and help clean up the mess."
There was much sympathy for Schapelle Corby, who would undoubtedly be acquitted if tried by the court of public opinion in Australia, and equivalent emotion on the issue of IVF funding, with a fairly even distribution of views in support and against.
Jennie Curtin, letters editorComing from C# background, i'm almost completely unfamiliar with pointers and other unmanaged stuff, which i'm sure what's tripping me up. I'm doing libnoise type stuff in OpenCL. Simplex was easy, but now I want to do a multi sampled thing including converting a heightmap to a normalmap. Here's some HLSL that does just that (from a DICE paper):
Code :float3 filterNormal(float2 uv, float texelSize, float texelAspect) { float4 h; h[0] = heightmap.Sample(bilinearSampler, uv + texelSize*float2( 0,-1)).r * texelAspect; h[1] = heightmap.Sample(bilinearSampler, uv + texelSize*float2(-1, 0)).r * texelAspect; h[2] = heightmap.Sample(bilinearSampler, uv + texelSize*float2( 1, 0)).r * texelAspect; h[3] = heightmap.Sample(bilinearSampler, uv + texelSize*float2( 0, 1)).r * texelAspect; float3 n; n.z = h[0] - h[3]; n.x = h[1] - h[2]; n.y = 2; return normalize(n); }
Here's what I have for in my .cl:
Code :float4 getNormal(float input, int width, int height, int offset) { float destination; int x = get_global_id(0); int y = get_global_id(1); if((x < width) && (y < height)) { int index = y * width + x; destination[index] = input[index]; } return (float4)destination; }
First, I can't write to destination because apparently it's not an array, and second, if I put the asterisk thinger in there (and thus can write to it), I can't return destination as a non-asterisky float array.March
January 15, 2015
Purification technology platform to help biopharmaceutical manufacturers achieve high product purity early in the manufacturing process
January 13, 2015
Eco-fine Fiber broadens decitex range.
January 8, 2015
Several types of purified cotton pass biobased standard.
Sign up now to receive the free weekly newsletter, and more!C
Supermarket Chain Aldi sells Black Pudding to muslims
Don't normally subscribe to this crap, but I thought it was funny. Source: Muslims loathe pork, so when the German supermarket cha
By: wetherby | Comments: 54 | Views: 388 | Votes: 2 | Shared: 0
Location: United States | Leaked: 10 hours ago in Regional News
Bullied 12-Year-Old Girl Commits Suicide After School Allegedly Tells Students To 'Toughen Up'
Alyssa Morgan was just 12 years old when she committed suicide in her home in Pleasant Hill, Iowa on April 3rd. Her mom, Nicole, is speaking out against the middle school that she says, did
By: Farley | Comments: 142 | Views: 3260 | Votes: 1 | Shared: 0
Location: Pleasant hill, Iowa, United States | Leaked: 6 days ago in Regional News, Other
nypd violation of protected activity. threats used to intimidate witness to unlawful activities by nypd
nypd are a terrorist organization that don't what their terrorist actions exposed. If you have nothing to hide then why freak out when nypd actions are being recorded. Penal § 195.00 Official mi
By: Pocholo | Comments: 21 | Views: 1053 | Votes: 1 | Shared: 5
Leaked: 1 day ago in Other News
nypd scatter like roaches 2
nypd run for their lives in fear of being exposed for the criminals they are. Penal § 195.00 Official misconduct. A public servant is guilty of official misconduct when, with intent to obtain a be
By: Pocholo | Comments: 18 | Views: 1095 | Votes: 0 | Shared: 0
Leaked: 1 day ago in Other News: 179 | Views: 1361 | Votes: 17 | Shared: 0
Location: Stuttgart, BW, Germany | Leaked: 6 days ago in Other Items from Liveleakers
Man commits suicide by setting himself on fire and jumping from upper deck
featured
Motif Sebastian Manufuti (45), committed suicide by burning himself and jumping from stadium upper deck in the Bung Karno Main Stadium (SUGBK).
By: Legionnaire77 | Comments: 1038 | Views: 210533 | Votes: 55 | Shared: 290
Location: Indonesia | Leaked: May-2-2015 in WTF
Man Commits Suicide By Jumping Off A Skyscraper In Philly
repost
Man Commits Suicide By Jumping Off A Skyscraper In Philly good god almighty
By: Tommy Quinn | Comments: 96 | Views: 11922 | Votes: 2 | Shared: 0
Leaked: May-6-2015 in Other
Prisoner just released from prison and commits assault
Here in Brazil, detainees have several benefits, one of them is if you have good behavior can get out of prison on holidays and special days etc ... Today is Mother's Day ... some prisoners get the
By: ANDREWBARAO | Comments: 55 | Views: 3489 | Votes: 10 | Shared: 0
Location: São Paulo, State of São Paulo, Brazil | Leaked: May-10-2015 in WTF, Citizen Journalism, Other
Man commits suicide by jumping of skyscraper in Philly
repost
OMG SPLAT BOMBACLOT
By: greenyoshi48 | Comments: 141 | Views: 35840 | Votes: 7 | Shared: 12
Location: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States | Leaked: May-5-2015 in WTF
Teen commits suicide by falling from power tower, hits several rungs on the way down
featured
A tragic event shocked the population of Amambai afternoon Thursday, April 23, in Amambai. This was the second time that the 16-year-old boy, who lived in a city shelter, tried to commit suicide
By: Legionnaire77 | Comments: 602 | Views: 266759 | Votes: 19 | Shared: 165
Location: Amambaí, Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil | Leaked: Apr-25-2015 in Other News
Search results for commits
Sort by:
Item Menu
AdvertisersSeattle's Big Blog
Covering Seattle news, weather, arts and conversation.
Monthly Archive for May, 2008
Possible new suspect emerges in Amanda Knox case
Watch SIFF from your computer
Former police chief Norm Stamper in no rush to see ‘Battle in Seattle’
Would you get your kid a new car for perfect attendance?
Folklife shooting: Why ‘purple green chickenman’ matters
Show MoreThursday, September 22, 2011
Patch.
Image, the work of Roberto Peregalli and Laura Sartori Rimini, featrured in Vogue, October 2011; photography by Andrea Passuell for Rizzoli.
Posted by Mrs. Blandings at 7:30 AM
Labels: Musings from the Dream House
24 comments:
I can understand your annoyance with Bill getting it. Brett and his ex-wife had horses. I think riding sounds like a blast, but he's an old pro and I'd be totally clueless. Why would I go looking for that?
Enjoy the antique show, now that really sounds like fun.
If only I were a stable hand or a fly on your horse to watch you "giddy-up" - I am laughing (not at you) but I think I would be quite the same as you. I can totally relate to the TNT.
Skiing is like this for me. I think Golf will be next.
pve
Please, which edition of Vogue features the Peregalli-Sartori design? Does the Vogue article mention if the image originates in the new book on Peregalli & Sartori (coming out this autumn, I think)?
Anon - as the picture credit states - October 2011 and, yes, for Rizzoli.
TNT---oh, geez--now you've said it out loud. I know that this is what I need to do.....(maybe tomorrow?) Do you have any idea of who the artist is that painted that gorgeous portrait? A Pre-Raphaelite? The light and her sweetness pull me to her. Good luck with the riding. Thanks. Mary
Oh I am laughing! Learning to ride a horse now that is a treat. Have a grand time at the Garden Show + can't wait to read your report. xxpeggybraswelldesign.com
I read your blog regularly, but rarely comment. But that image is simply stunning! It compelled me to read the post. I love the idea of TNT. It's a good one and I am likely to learn all kinds of things about myself putting it into practice. Cheers!
My daughter took riding lessons for years. The best lesson I learned while hanging around the barn all those years is the horse has incredible strength, but the rider is the one with the brains (most of the time!). Strangely enough, this concept is applicable in many situations outside the arena.
Also, you may not like this, but in our neck of the woods, one is not a real rider until thrown from the horse. The first time this happened to my daughter everyone in the barn ran to the arena and applauded. And no, they don't serve a shot of brandy to anxious parents when this happens, but I highly recommend they consider adding this to the tradition.
And go ahead buy those beautiful riding boots!
TNT! I love it. You're such an inspiration in so many many ways.
Good luck with your riding lessons.
The patchwork wall is beautiful. it makes me want to go to Paper Source, buy a stack of beautiful handmade paper, and glue the pieces to the wall.
The American Royal was where I grew up. The atmosphere of tanbark, horses, and crowds of people were not only thrilling they signaled my liberation from school for a week. Riding was second nature to me. The American Saddlebred gaited horses that I showed had all that high style and speed in the show ring. I ate it up.
Learning how to compete in a horse show ring gave me confidence and stood the test of time. The lessons I learned and the friends I made at that time have lasted the rest of my life. I'm 76 years old now and still riding high.
Do it because you love it. Ann
adore that photo-Now that is a reason to crack open the Vogue that has been sitting unopen this week. I can only despair with you on not getting the riding lessons-I decided not only was I not getting it-I did not enjoy it! TNT gets even harder as I get older too.pgt
How would I get permission to use the image on my blog? Do you have an address?
We love that you have taken to horseback riding. What a fun new thing to try. So wish we could be there with you at Lauritzen, but we will be on a shoot. Have lots of fun! Can't wait to see what you find.
xo E + J
Same anon. again: Edition, not issue. I have never even opened an issue of Vogue, but I think it has different national editions (as in UK, US, French, Italian etc). I have no idea to what extent the same material is used in several of these.
I really enjoy reading your blog and have seen you refer to The World of Interiors in the past, so I know that your horizon isn't limited to American magazines.
Oh, and I also wasn't sure that there weren't special Vogues (like Elle vs. Elle Decoration, or for men's vs. women's fashion).
What I really wondered was in which context the image occurred. An article on Peregalli & Sartori, a review of the book, or someting else. If I am interested in the work of Peregalli & Sartori and considering buying the book (a bit pricey, but not prohibitively so), would it be worth my while to actually look at the magazine.
Anon - so sorry THAT was horribly rude. I can see I was being a little egocentric. It is American Vogue for women's fashion - unfortunately the other derivatives have gone by the wayside. The piece is a brief mention of the firm and the book. I am out of town, but would be happy to scan it for you if you will email me directly at the address in the right margin of the blog. World of Interiors? No way.
Mrs. Blandings, this just seems like something you'd enjoy; it's so "you," in fact, that I even suspected for a moment you might have ghostwritten the piece:
Enjoy the weekend!
-Flo
Flo - you were right, I did. Thanks so much for the link.
Mrs. Blandings, sorry to be the one to say it but you and your husband are too old to start "horseback riding" lessons.
Horsemanship is a high art; Sorry, I've seen many adults learn to ride, but I'm afraid that anyone who learns to ride as an adult will never be really be any good at it, and in fact, it can be quite dangerous.
Anon - I agree that horsemanship is high art, but about the rest I think you're wrong. Our intent is not to be "good," but to enjoy it, to be able to ride with friends. And, life is dangerous. I could learn to knit or play bridge or tennis, all safer pursuits, but I have no interest. Yours is a very limited view.
I know one of the cool things which just happened in "every thing is up to date in Kansas City" is the opening of the Kaufman Center. It sounded like a grand event w/Tommy Tune and Placido Domingo as well as Patti Lu pone. Pretty cool. Are you going to be attending the opening of the Premiere of the Tom Sawyer ballet.?I hear the costumes and choreography will be fab. I plan to travel from Denver to KC to see it for the 2nd week. What do you think of this new space? I have no idea what the interiors are like but think the whole thing is a definite coup for KCMO.
Part of showing horses for me was "The Look". My hair combed back and in a bun, the black derby hat pulled down, my white high collored blouse, tailered riding habit with the long tails and shiny black boots finished off with tan leather gloves. I felt so elegant and it was a timeless elegantance. Young girls or older women, we all wore the same outfit and we all felt good about it. I quit showing horses around 1955 - today the same riding habit is seen in the same horseshow rings. Damn, it makes me want to do it all over again. I'm delighted to know you are going to learn how to ride, it is such fun. Ann
Good for you in "TNT!" I'm glad you aren't dissuaded from any adventure just because someone else may proclaim you are too old to become any good at it. Being good at things is satisfying, but trying things and challenging oneself is more thrilling! Besides, in my case anyway, if I only did things I was "good" at, my world would be quite small. Thanks for the inspiration!
Hi, ich suche Patchworkstoffe als Designerstoffe. Habt Ihr einen Tipp wo man so Stoffe Meterware findet?Institute of Technology Syracuse Central Eagles258 East Adams St. Syracuse, NY 13202 Map It
2015 Record
- Overall
- 0-0
- League
- 0-0
- Head Coach
- John Cosgrove
Become a Reporter!
Submit updates and help us improve coverage of this school. Sign Up »
See More Scores & Schedules »
Latest NewsAkira-class, Riding the thunderstorm
Federation starships move in, guns a-blazing
The Enterprise races to the scene of the crime
I'm Captain Ingold, and though I'm not very active here, I use Memory Alpha a lot. If you, for some weird reason, want to ask me something, feel free to do so on my talk page.
About meEdit
Well, I'm Irish. Which means I speak Irish. I bet you can't do that. I guess I win Memory Alpha?
On Other WikiesEdit
- Administrator of the Pern wiki
- Editor of the Lord of the Rings wiki
- Editor of the Dark Orbit wiki
What I like in Star TrekEdit
I'm very much into Star Trek. My personal favourite series are Voyager and TOS, but I will gladly watch Enterprise or TNG. TAS not as much, because I'm not into animation that much, and DS9 scares me with its political approach to Star Trek. I've seen most of the films (about 3 of the original movies, which I have on DVD, are as yet unviewed), of which First Contact and the Voyage Home are my favourites - not to forget the newest one, of course!
I've read one book, possibly two, one about Reg Barclay and the other one - I've completely forgotten. I enjoyed reading them - what else is there to do with Star Trek? - but not as much as I enjoy watching the show.
I regret to say that I have only seen one theatrical release of the films (Star Trek), but have all the Enterprise (NCC-1701) - no matter which Kirk is in them!
Non-Star TrekEdit
I'm very into books, in particular a number of series and, let's be honest here, masterpieces, such as:
- Pern, a fictional world orbiting Rukbat in the series by Anne MacCaffrey
- The Lord of the Rings
I also have something that probably counts as an obsession for computer games. Age of Empires, Sim City, Total War; these are all fantastic series I've played. Europa Universalis III is also epic. A Nintendo DS is my only console, and I enjoy such games as MarioKart, the Pokémon series (from which I own every game bar the original Blue), and many more.
It's around this point that I start rambling in order to fill space. How users like Shran fill their entire page down to the scroll bar, I'll never know, but it may well be by using the same tactic I currently employ. Well, perhaps you'll find something amusing/interesting in the pictures on the right, or the userboxes at the bottom, because at this point you're just reading complete nonsense. Of course, this wouldn't have happened under Reagan... young people these days... elephants...Macintosh users who want to buy a Windows Phone 7 will soon have the option to do so.
“Later in 2010, Microsoft will make a public beta available of a tool that allows Windows Phone 7 to sync select content with Mac computers,” a Microsoft spokesperson said.
But what is unclear is whether the software will be a version of the Zune desktop software, which Windows users will use to sync their computers and Windows Phone 7 devices, or some other tool.
The company confirmed the Macintosh plans Tuesday after a U.K. employee tweeted about Mac syncing — then quickly deleted the Twitter post.
After Microsoft announced Windows Phone 7′s Nov. 8 availability on AT&T in the U.S. — and the dozens of other simultaneous announcements — there was one glaring hole: Microsoft still had not said whether Mac users would be able to get the necessary Zune software for Windows Phone 7. People assumed this meant no, especially after Microsoft said it had released a new version of the Zune software.
But some sort of Mac support is on the way.Author Affiliations: Pediatric Unit, “Belcolle” Hospital, Viterbo, Italy (Dr Sabbi); Digestive Surgery and Endoscopic Unit (Drs De Angelis, Dall’Oglio, and di Abriola), Central Laboratory (Dr Colistro), and Gastroenterology Unit (Dr Castro), “Bambino Gesù” Pediatric Hospital, Rome, Italy.
Background
Helicobacter pylori infection is likely acquired in childhood. Helicobacter pylori is recognized as a cause of gastritis and peptic ulcer.
Objective
To investigate some noninvasive tests, particularly H pylori fecal antigen, for the diagnosis of H pylori infection in comparison with the gold-standard invasive test, esophagogastroduodenoscopy with biopsy.
Methods
We studied 250 patients (102 male; age range, 3-18 years) who underwent esophagogastroduodenoscopy with biopsy (histologic examination and rapid urease test) for a suspicious upper gastrointestinal disease; in all of them, fecal H pylori antigen, serum H pylori immunoglobulin G, and cytotoxin-associated gene product A immunoglobulin G were measured. Sensitivity and specificity of noninvasive tests were compared with those of the gold-standard esophagogastroduodenoscopy with biopsy.
Results
Ninety-three patients (37%) had positive histopathologic (Giemsa staining) and rapid urease test results. The H pylori fecal antigen revealed a sensitivity of 97%, a specificity of 98%, a positive predictive value of 97%, and a negative predictive value of 98%; serum H pylori immunoglobulin G had a sensitivity of 86%, a specificity of 80%, a positive predictive value of 72%, and a negative predictive value of 90%; and serum cytotoxin-associated gene product A immunoglobulin G had a sensitivity of 83%, a specificity of 80%, a positive predictive value of 71%, and a negative predictive value of 89%.
Conclusions
Our study demonstrates that among noninvasive and easily applicable tests, particularly in small children, H pylori fecal test is simple, suitable, and has high accuracy for the screening of H pylori–positive patients.
Helicobacter pylori infection is common, even in pediatric patients. In European children, serum positivity of immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies is almost 5% to 15%. The infection is likely acquired early in childhood; in developing countries, the incidence of the infection in infancy may be up to 50%.1,2
Helicobacter pylori is now recognized as related to gastritis and peptic ulcer disease. Furthermore, H pylori infection is involved in the pathogenesis of gastric adenocarcinoma and lymphoma in adulthood.3,4 However, the H pylori role in dyspepsia and extradigestive diseases (vascular, immunological, and skin pathologic features; sideropenic anemia; and delayed statural growth)5- 11 is quite controversial.
Children present an ideal population for studying the interaction between H pylori and gastric mucosa because pediatric age is free from common causes of secondary gastrointestinal diseases (drugs, tobacco, and alcohol).12 Also, the natural history of diseases related to H pylori is conditioned by the early acquiring of the bacterium.13
The gold-standard diagnostic test remains endoscopy with biopsy analyses (histologic analysis and urease rapid test or culture of gastric biopsy specimens).14,15 Invasive tests are not always suitable for the pediatric population; there is an increased interest in noninvasive tests for children. Serum (IgG and cytotoxin-associated gene product A [CagA] IgG) and salivary (IgG) antibodies are used for screening in epidemiological studies of large populations.16- 19 The detection of H pylori antigen in feces is considered useful for diagnosis and to confirm eradication.20
The aim of this prospective study has been to validate the accuracy of some noninvasive diagnostic methods, particularly H pylori fecal antigen, in comparison with the invasive gold standard (endoscopy with biopsy analyses).
The study involved 250 consecutive patients (102 male; mean age, 11 years; range, 3-18 years) with a suspicion of upper gastrointestinal disease (symptoms including recurrent abdominal pain, diurnal or nocturnal abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, or iron deficiency) who were referred, in the last 2 years, to undergo esophagogastroduodenoscopy with biopsy. The recurrent abdominal pains were of such intensity that they prevented the normal activity of the child and were recurrent at least once a month during 3 months with asymptomatic intercritical periods.
In all the patients, noninvasive tests such as immunoassay for serological antibodies (IgG and CagA) against H pylori and detection of H pylori antigen in feces were measured. In 123 patients, salivary (IgG) antibody was also evaluated.
After signed informed consent was obtained, all patients received an upper gastrointestinal endoscopy with gastric biopsy, which is the gold standard for H pylori diagnosis. The biopsies were utilized for histologic examination and urease rapid test. The patients were considered H pylori positive if the histologic examination and urease rapid test indicated they had the bacterium.
Endoscopy was performed using Olympus videoscope XQ140 or GF100 (Olympus, Tokyo, Japan). Several biopsy specimens from 2 sites, the gastric body and the antrum, were obtained for histologic examination and urease rapid test. Section specimens were stained with hematoxylin-eosin and with Giemsa.
A rapid urease test result was obtained by adding a biopsy specimen to a urea broth (NaCl, KH2PO4, and NaOH); the result of the test was considered positive if there was a change of urea broth color from yellow-gold to pink-red due to an increase in pH induced by H pylori.21
An enzyme immunoassay (Premier Platinum HpSA; Meridian Diagnostics Inc, Cincinnati, Ohio) was used to detect H pylori in the frozen stool, utilizing polyclonal anti–H pylori antibody. A diluted feces sample and a peroxidase conjugated to polyclonal antibody were added to the wells and incubated for 1 hour at room temperature. A wash was performed to remove unbound material. The substrate was added and incubated for 10 minutes at room temperature. Color developed in the presence of bound enzyme. Stop solution was added and the results were interpreted visually or spectrophotometrically.
For the assay of salivary (IgG) and serum (IgG and CagA) antibodies, we used an enzyme immunoassay method still validated in children (EIA WELL-EUROSPITAL; Radim Spa, Pomezia, Italy), in which horseradish peroxidase was used as an enzyme tracer.22,23
For the serum antibodies, values between 0 and 22 (absorbance unit) UA/mL were considered normal; for the CagA, values greater than 7.5 UA/mL were considered positive. The cut off value for salivary antibodies was 20 UA/mL.
The accuracy of noninvasive tests was evaluated through sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive value (Table 1). Statistical analyses were performed with the χ2 test. The result was considered significant with P value <.05.
The study was approved by the Scientific Secretariat, “Bambino Gesù” Pediatric Hospital, Rome, Italy.
In our case series, 93 (37%) of 250 patients tested H pylori positive by histologic examination and urease rapid test. Clinical features of the patients examined are reported in Table 2. There were no significant differences in symptoms between infected and noninfected patients (P>.05). Twenty-six infected children (28%) and 36 noninfected ones (23%) had parents affected by gastritis and duodenal ulcer. The domestic socioeconomic, hygiene, and living conditions were good.
The H pylori fecal antigen revealed a sensitivity of 97%, a specificity of 98%, a positive predictive value of 97%, and a negative predictive value of 98%; serum H pylori IgG had a sensitivity of 86%, a specificity of 80%, a positive predictive value of 72%, and a negative predictive value of 90%; and serum CagA IgG had a sensitivity of 83%, a specificity of 80%, a positive predictive value of 71%, and a negative predictive value of 89%.
The salivary antibodies (IgG) were evaluated in 123 patients. Fifty of them had H pylori–positive histologic and urease rapid test results; the urease rapid test results were positive in 33 (66%) of the infected children and in 7 (9%) of the noninfected ones.
The fecal antigen detection results were positive in 90 (97%) of the infected children and in 3 (2%) of the noninfected ones.
All the statistical differences between the noninvasive tests were significant (P<.05).
At endoscopic examination of the 93 affected children, hyperemia and friability of the gastric antrum were observed in 27 patients (29%), micronodular appearance in 48 patients (52%), and a normal picture in 18 patients (19%). The histologic examination results of all infected patients showed active microerosive gastritis (neutrophilic infiltration) and chronic gastritis (lymphoplasmacytic infiltration).
The CagA-positive children had an endoscopic finding of more intense hyperemia of the gastric antrum associated with an important lymphoplasmacellular infiltrate and degenerative and vacuolar lesions of the gastric epithelium.
All the 157 noninfected patients had a normal gastric finding except the 25 H pylori–negative patients (18%) with epigastric nocturnal pain who had cardial hyperemia and distal esophageal erosions. In noninfected children, there were no histologic signs of inflammation.
The high prevalence of H pylori disease (37%) could be explained by the selected population in a specialized center. Several invasive and noninvasive methods are available at present for detecting H pylori infection. Esophagogastroduodenoscopy with biopsy is the gold standard for diagnosing the pathologic features related to H pylori rather than the H pylori infection.
Among the noninvasive tests, the urea breath test (13C urea breath test) is certainly the best, but it is more expensive, not always available (poor feasibility limit), and difficult to apply to the noncompliant child. In addition, its cut off value in pediatric patients remains unsettled. Regarding noninvasive tests, serum antibodies have the advantages of simplicity, low cost, and utility for epidemiological studies and screening programs.14 Saliva testing has a role in epidemiological studies and in screening dyspeptic patients in general practice, especially in children in whom blood sampling is more difficult.
In 1998, enzyme-linked immunoassay (Premier Platinum H pylori stool antigen; Meridian Diagnostics Inc) in stool was approved by the Food and Drug Administration for both diagnosis in adult symptomatic patients and monitoring the response to treatment.24,25Helicobacter pylori detection from stool with polymerase chain reaction is limited by the presence of inhibitors of H pylori DNA amplification in feces.14 Also, H pylori is difficult to culture from stool. The direct research of fecal antigen is simple, rapid, and inexpensive; in fact, only 1 stool specimen is required, the method does not need a technician or expensive equipment, and easy procedures are used for storing and transporting the stools, avoiding the need for freezing the stool sample.
Helicobacter pylori fecal antigen is a highly reliable diagnostic method for H pylori infection. Before extending its use in the general healthy population, many studies have compared the accuracy of this test with that of an invasive test in symptomatic patients.21 It could be used in epidemiological studies to determine the prevalence of H pylori infections in asymptomatic subjects.21 In general, H pylori prevalence is universally related to socioeconomic, hygiene, and living conditions.
Recently, a multicenter Italian study on the accuracy of the H pylori stool antigen test has reported the utility of fecal antigen in the diagnosis and follow-up of H pylori infection.25,26 Our study confirms the high sensitivity and specificity of the H pylori stool antigen test (in relation to diagnoses based on invasive examinations) already found by other investigators either in adults or in children.
Fecal antigen must be considered useful for screening and monitoring the overall pediatric population. The position that fecal antigen testing is a highly reliable method for the diagnosis of H pylori infection in children is contentious and not substantiated by the currently available biomedical literature. The current study, however, helps to add support for this point of view.
In conclusion, our study demonstrates that among noninvasive and more applicable tests, especially in small children, H pylori fecal antigen has shown high sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive value and that this test is the most useful for the screening of H pylori–positive patients. There is no characteristic clinical feature that could help in the diagnosis of H pylori infection.
Correspondence: Tamara Sabbi, MD, Endoscopic Digestive Unit, “Bambino Gesù” Pediatric Hospital, P.zza S. Onofrio, 4, 00165 Rome, Italy (sabbi.t@libero.it).
Accepted for Publication: October.My lessons professor wanted me to learn two pieces this summer.
8 movements.
I also promised a friend this semester that we would perform a duet together.
+4 movements.
I’m also working on another (extremely hard) duet with another friend.
+4 movements.
I’m also working on another piece that is a possible jury piece for next semester.
+4 movements.
Plus marching band audition music.
Plus symphonic band audition music.
This summer is made up of 212% music, and I’m okay with that. I sometimes loathe getting to my room to practice. Then I start… and I never ever want to stop. My practice sessions are an hour at the minimum because I love playing. All I want to do is get better and I can only do that by researching and practicing and being my own lesson’s professor this semester.
I’m currently sectioning off the Saint-Saëns Clarinet Sonata over pizza rolls and Netflix. I want to come back after the summer and audition and make my professors stop and go “What the hell happened to her over the summer?”
I want to be the best, but there will always be someone better than me. Being the best starts at my university, where I have to be better than my best friend. I have 15 people to beat right now. I will do it.House Divided Over Packers-Steelers Super Bowl
NEW RICHMOND, Wis. (WCCO) — An 8-year-old Wisconsin boy will have a hard time deciding who to cheer for on Super Bowl Sunday. Blake Martin’s mother, Jill, is from Milwaukee and a Packers fan. But his father, John, is from Pittsburgh and a Steelers Fan.
Inside the boy’s bedroom, you’ll get an idea about the rivalry at the Martin home.
“I didn’t think this was going to happen,” said Blake about the upcoming Super Bowl match-up.
Blake loves football so much that his mother thought it would be fun to decorate his bedroom with both teams — Packers green and gold with Steelers black and yellow.
On his bedroom wall, he’s got Packer Clay Matthews drawn on one end with the other end occupied by Steeler Troy Polamalu.
It was the week after Christmas when Blake’s room was painted and decorated, so there was no guessing the two teams would actually be facing each other in the Super Bowl.
“I think it’s a good thing for him to be tied into both of these teams,” said Blake’s dad, John.
So who will Blake be cheering for come this Sunday? Well, he’s wearing a Packer’s jersey and a Steelers hat, if that’s any indication.
And during the game, his parents will be wearing their gear while sitting on opposite ends of the couch.
“I think Green Bay is going to try to pass it down field,” said Blake. “I think it’s going to be 35-28 … Packers.”
The Super Bowl will be played in Dallas next Sunday. Coincidentally, Blake’s mom and dad, John and Jill, met in Texas and were married there.New York, NYUSA
10156
Hometown: Mesquite, TX
August 13, 2011
I am a member of Film TV Professionals and have a passion fro sustainable enterprises that incorporate a vegan lifestyle.
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyUGA 40 Under 40 is announced
July 6, 2011Print
- Writer:
- Bob Taylor
- Julie M Cheney,
The University of Georgia Alumni Association announces its inaugural 40 Under 40 class. The group will be celebrated at a Sept. 15 awards luncheon at the Intercontinental Buckhead.
Chosen from nearly 500 nominations, the program recognizes 40 graduates under the age of 40 who represent the best of UGA alumni. To view the inaugural class, see.
The criteria for the 40 Under 40 includes: making an impact in business, leadership, community, educational and/or philanthropic endeavors; demonstrating dedication to UGA and its mission of teaching, research and service; and representing the very best of UGA graduates.
The Alumni Association accepted nominations for the 40 Under 40 from February to April. The nominees then submitted additional material that was provided to an external selection committee for review.
Alumni Association Executive Director Deborah Dietzler said it is important to engage and maintain a lifelong relationship with the university’s ever-growing young alumni population. “Of the 270,000 living UGA alums, approximately 93,000 qualified for this program,” said Dietzler. More than 51% of UGA’s alumni base earned degrees within the last 20 years.
For more information on 40 Under 40, see.
2011 Honorees
Filed under:Luc
Pingback: Monday’s Frosty Mug: Backing into a series winStop Wasting Time: These Are The Social Networks You Should Really Be Using
Facebook, Twitter, Google+...the list goes on.
If you only want to commit to one, how do you determine which one best meets your needs?
We put together this guide to help you find your best home on the internet.December 21: That'll be the day
The Mayans haven't given the world much time, but doomsday gloom is hardly new, says Ted Harrison.
Harold Camping's Doomsday of May 21 2011 and a revised date five months later were both wrong. (AP)
According to John of Toledo, it should have been September 23 1186, but nothing happened. Judgment day failed to materialise again on April 5 1761, as foretold by William Bell of London. Nothing apocalyptic happened on April 28 1843 and again on September 21 1945.
Those anxious that the world will end on December 21 this year – such as the residents of Chelyabinsk in Russia, who have built a Mayan-style archway December 21, outstripping the last great scare instigated by American radio evangelist Harold Camping. His ambassadors travelled the world with the message that all the Bible's end-time prophecies would be fulfilled on May 21 2011.
The date was seen on the sides of buses in the United States, billboards in the Middle East, leaflets handed out in dozens of countries from Mexico to Cambodia, T-shirts in London's West End and universally online on Twitter and Facebook. His YouTube site, on which he explained how he had arrived at the date from researching Noah's flood, received more than 1.75-million Date
The rapture index, a US-based Dow Jones of end-time activity, has recently been running at record high. Secularists fear a chance cosmic or natural disaster; being struck by a giant chunk of space debris, perhaps, or being zapped by freak solar waves. Some fear the Earth will be colonised by superior beings from another world.
This year, the end of the ancient Mayan long-count calendar is said to be The Date. On December 21 awaiting its cue under a mountain near Bugarach in France.
Deciding where to wait is crucial. Some news of a rolling wave of destruction starting in New Zealand. The Californian evangelist himself went home and asked not be disturbed.
Londoners who heeded Bell's apocalyptic warnings in 1761 took to the Thames in boats, reasoning that if the end came as a great flood, they at least would stay afloat.
UFO cult the Seekers gathered at the home of their founder on December 21 thrived – their millions of descendants are better known as Seventh Day Adventists and Jehovah's Witnesses. Not dismayed, Camping declared that the world had ended, but on a spiritual plane. However, the unfortunate Bell was flung into Bedlam asylum and people came to laugh at him. – © Guardian News & Media 2012Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail is located in Southeastern Ohio Regional Area, OR and is the correctional facility for the county. Do you know someone locked up in Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail? This site will tell you information about anything related to Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail: How to do a jail inmate search. Find mugshots. The jail’s phone number and address. Posting bail. Intake procedures. Court records. And everything else.
Main Menu
The thought of getting arrested and going to jail is a scary and daunting idea, not only for the person who is incarcerated, but also that person’s family and friends. This guide is designed to give you all the information you need to make helping someone get out of jail a little less stressful. If you have questions, just ask them, and also any tips or comments that might be beneficial to others would be much appreciated.
General Information
Address
Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail
16677 Riverside Drive
Nelsonville, OR 45764
Phone Number and Fax Number
Phone Number: (740) 753-4060
Map and Directions
Inmate Search – Find Out Who’s In Jail
Do you have a family member or friend that is locked up and want to locate them?
Has someone that’s been arrested and you don’t know how to find them?
In order to find out who’s in jail at Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail you need to visit their link and perform an inmate search.
Inmate Search
The Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail Inmate Lookup is a list of persons who have been arrested and are in jail, which includes current status, how much their bail is, and visiting schedule. You can find the same information about anyone arrested and processed or discharged in the past 24 hours. Inmates are shown in alphabetical order by last name. You can locate their inmate information faster if you enter their full name, date of birth, or inmate ID Number.
If your friend or family member might be at another jail you should look here, too: Other County Jails in Ohio
Mugshots
A mugshot, or jail booking photograph, is the photo taken by the police during jail intake processing. A mugshot is actually two photos one frontal photo and a side-view photo. Your full name and jail ID number will be in the mugshot, and they’re kept on file at the jail.
View Mugshots
Mugshotes of Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail prisoners can be searched on the website, or you can see them at the Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail. When viewing online you will need to put in the name, and the arrest date, if you have one.
How To Get Your Mugshot Removed
Are you trying to figure out what to do in order to get your mugshot removed from the Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail website? This is difficult, as your mugshot is a matter of public record. To get your mugshot removed you will need to file a ‘Petition to Expunge’. What this means is that your arrest record would be sealed, so no one will be able to access them. Depending on your situation, this may be a longshot.
To learn more about getting your mugshot removed, the various mugshot sites, and the mugshot removal websites: Mugshot Removal
Bail & Bail Bondsmen – How To Get Out of Jail
Obviously, if you are in jail, your only thought is about how to get out. After booking, bail will be set either by bail schedule or magistrate. If you don’t get a bail set this might mean that you will either be free to go until your court date, or you have to stay in jail until your trial.
If you are are released you will have to agree to go to your court date, and in the meantime you can’t leave town.
Usually, inmates will earn an early release in exchange for good behavior if they follow the rules and act right while they are in jail.
If you follow the rules, you may be allowed to do work release. You will either have to go back to jail at the end of the day after work, or you could have the chance to sleep in a halfway house when you are not working.
Bail
Bail is the amount of money that you are required to pay to get out of jail until your court date. The amount you have to pay is dictated by the crime you’ve been charged with. Someone you know will need to put up 10% of the amount that was set so you can be released. If you don’t go to your court appearance, whoever put up your bail money will lose all of the bail money.
Find Out How Much Someone’s Bail Is
To find out how much bail money you will need to bail someone out of jail must call the jail. If know the pertinent information, including name, address and date of birth, they will let you know the bail amount. You can also find out how much their bail is on the Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail site.
How To Bail Someone Out of Jail
Having to bail a friend or family member out of jail is never a fun thing, but fortunately, it’s very simple to do. First, find out if they have a “Cash Bond Only” situation. If so, you won’t be able to use a bail bondsman. Cash only – they won’t accept a check. When you’ve paid bail, the prisoner will get released. If the conditions of bail are not violated, you will get this money back.
Bail Bondsman
If bail is set too high, or you just can’t afford to pay it, you should try a bail bondsman. Bail bondsmen will generally have a fee of 10 to 15 percent of total bail, and in most cases have a minimum charge of $100. The money you pay to the bail bondsman will not be returned to you and has to be paid in cash. If the bail has been set really high, the bail bondsman will usually ask to use assets as collateral in addition to the fee they charge.
You can find a bail bondsman click here: How to find a bail bondsman
Have you ever had to find a bail bondsman for someone you know or yourself? If you have, post a comment below and tell about it, and let us know how it worked out for you.
Other Ways to Get Out of Jail
- Get Time Off For Good Behavior
- Get Out on Work Release
- Released For Time Served
- Pre-Trial Release Programs
- Get Released on House Arrest
- Be Released on Your Own Recognizance
Jail Policies and Procedures
Intake Procedures / Booking
The jail intake procedure includes these steps:
- They’ll put you in a holding cell. If the jail is busy, you may not be processed immediately.
- The first thing you will have to to is you will answer a number of questions, like your legal name, your address, birthdate and contact person.
- You will also be asked about your psychological and medical history.
- You will be issued an inmate number.
- You will be fingerprinted.
- They will take your mugshot.
- Any property you have will be taken from you and will be stored until you are released.
- They will allow you to use the telephone in order to get in touch with family, friends, or bail bondsman.
- If you are expected to be released quickly, you might get to keep wearing your own clothes, but if you are not expected to make bail quickly you you will have to change into a jumpsuit.
Have you been arrested and gone through jail intake? If you have, you should tell your story. How long did it take to get through intake? Were you treated fairly? Can you tell us things that could help other people that get arrested get through the process?
Discharge Procedures
When you finally post bail, you will get released from jail. Getting discharged from jail can take anywhere from 30 minutes to all day. So, the quicker bail is posted, the sooner you will get let go. Also, how fast you get released will depend on if you have a cash bond or if the magistrate still needs to determine how much your bail will be. For minor charges, you will get booked and released on your own recognizance. When you have served out your jail sentence and have a discharge date, you should plan to get discharged at any time that day – but usually in the morning.
How To Turn Yourself In
If the sheriff has a, or if you must begin your sentence in jail, it is highly advisable that you follow the rules and turn yourself in willingly. If you have a warrant, go to the jail processing area, and tell an officer that think that there is a warrant out for your arrest. A record check will be run, and if they verify that there is a warrant for your arrest, they will ask that you surrender yourself and you will be taken into custody. If it is for a jail sentence, report on the date and time that the sentence order or court paperwork states. Be sure that you aren’t late. Be sure to only bring approved items when you turn yourself in, for example your drivers license or even ID, any prescription medication you might take, along with your doctor’s prescription, as well as the copy of the sentencing order.
Visitation Procedures
The inmate need to provide the name and date of birth of each visitor to the jail before anyone can visit them. Your visitors will go in a Visiting log as an Authorized visit. Each visitor will be required to provide identification. Any visitors showing up late or that is not an approved visitor will be turned away.
Visitation procedures frequently change, so visit the official site before you go to the jail to visit.
Visiting Hours
Phone Calls & Phone Usage Policy
All phone calls from jail are collect calls or through a pre-paid phone account . Calls made in jail are generally pricier than regular phone calls. Phone calls are restricted on how often you can use the phone, but inmates should keep in mind that a long line can form at the phones, because everyone wants to use the phone, too. If you break the rules, phone privileges may be limited or eliminated completely, as part of the punishment.
The Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail phone number is: (740) 753-4060
Sending Mail to Inmates
All mall sent to inmates must be mailed using the US Postal Service. You cannot use any other form of delivery. You have to clearly print the person’s name, inmate number, and jail address on the letter. Don’t send a package or box, envelope with padding or insulation, bag, or an envelope containing metal parts. All mail received by the jail will be opened and read by staff, and the mail will be returned to the sender if they decide it is inappropriate.
Mailing Address
The address that you should use if you are sending a letter to an inmate at Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail is:
Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail
16677 Riverside Drive
Nelsonville, OR 45764
Here is how you should address the letter:
[INMATE'S FULL NAME]
[INMATE ID]
Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail
16677 Riverside Drive
Nelsonville, OR 45764
The inmate mail policy at Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail changes often, so visit the official Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail site before you send a letter.
Court Information
Get A Lawyer
When you get arrested, you have particular rights, the first of which is that you have the right to request a lawyer. Remember that you may be limited to the amount of phone calls you can make, so you would be wise to ask a friend or family member to locate an attorney when you call them. You might be thinking ‘but do I really need an attorney’ You’re not required to have an attorney in all cases, a criminal defense lawyer can advise you of your rights, protect your interests and help you understand the legal system in Southeastern Ohio Regional Area. The sooner you get a lawyer involved with your case, the better your chances.
For more detailed information on how to find a lawyer, read: How to Find an Attorney in Southeastern Ohio Regional Area
Public Defender
If you can’t afford an attorney, you will be assigned a public defender. Also, the Public Defender has a number of staff such as investigators, experts in forensics as well as social workers. All Public Defenders are licensed attorneys, admitted to the Ohio State Bar Association and are fully licensed to practice law in Ohio.
Have you or someone you know used a court appointed attorney or Public Defender? What was your experience?
Court Records
All court records are are public record and are available upon request to anyone who requests them – not just the person who they pertain to. Court records are comprised of a case file containing a docket and each of the documents and motions filed in the case. You, and anyone else, can access your court case records using the online service, or by going to the Southeastern Ohio Regional Area Clerk of Court where the case was filed.
Clerk of Court
The Southeastern Ohio Regional Area Clerk of Court is an officer and clerk of the court who manages court records. The Clerk of Court also administer the oath in a court case, and read the verdict when delivered by the jury. All records from your case are kept and available to you at Southeastern Ohio Regional Area Clerk of Court office.
Fees
Court costs and court fees are the charges associated with your court case, which include filing fees, motion fees and various court charges. If you are low income and have court appointed legal counsel or a Public Defender, you will not be responsible for these fees.
Magistrate
A Magistrate acts as the judge that presides over your case. Magistrate judges do different functions, which include deciding a bail amount, writing arrest warrants, and presiding over first court appearances and detention hearings.
Pre-Sentencing
A defendant’s pre-sentencing report is prepared with your background information and details of the defendant’s life history, which the magistrate will consider when decide your sentence. Information, details, and character witnesses will be requested from the person on trial, his or her family, and, if applicable, the victim. Be sure to remember you are able to ask to get your own copy of this report prior to sentencing, so you can correct the mistakes.
Sentencing
After you are convicted of a crime, you will be sentenced. The judge will have several different options when sentencing you, ranging from community service to probation, to even incarceration in jail or prison. Depending on how serious your crime was, you will either be taken into custody immediately, or you could get a date that you are required to turn yourself into jail to serve your sentence.
Public Records
Inmate Inquiry
Are you trying to find out if a family member of friend is in jail, or has ever been locked up?
To find this out you need to query the jail website and do an inmate search, and do a search using:
- Name.
- Birthdate.
- Their booking date if you know it.
- or jail ID.
If you’re not sure if this person is in jail, you can call the jail confirm whether they’ve been arrested or not.
Warrant Inquiry
If you think you might have an outstanding warrant for your arrest, you can access arrest warrants on the Southeastern Ohio Regional Area jail website or call the jail. This requires jail, on the phone, go there in person, or check online. An arrest is a matter of public record and this information is freely available.
Civil Inquiry
A Civil Process is when someone has been served with papers, which can be warrants. You can find these civil process orders by contacting the Southeastern Ohio Regional Area Sheriff’s office, by phone or online.
Sex Offender Search / Lookup
All registered sex offenders are registered on a sex offender database. The people listed on these databases have been convicted of a sex offense. You are able to view this information on the internet, but remember that you will not be able to get the precise address, but only the block of the address that they registered.
Court Records
Court Records are considered public records, so they are accessible to anyone who requests them. These records include a case file containing a docket sheet and any documents and filings filed in the court case. You are able to access the court records online, or at the Southeastern Ohio Regional Area Clerk of Court in the county where the case was filed.
Criminal Records
Every state maintains a record of a person’s criminal background. These online databases are all connected so you can track criminal convictions from other states. You are able to go to the Southeastern Ohio Regional Area Courthouse and inquire, or you can check online. It is helpful to know the county the crime was committed in, and if it was in a totally different state, you might have to pay for a more comprehensive search.
A search of someone’s criminal history you are able to get a listing of all the arrests, charges, or convictions for any crimes they may have committed, which could include:
- DUI or DWI.
- Drug crimes.
- Kidnapping.
- Sexual offenses including rape, assault.
- Violent crimes including assault, battery and murder.
- Breaking and entering, theft, larceny.
When you do a criminal history search, you generally won’t find Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail.
- Jail and pod facility and layout
- Jail staff and Guards
- Commissary and food
- Having Visitors
- Inmates.
- Prisoner safety
- Gangs
- Inmate programs and activities
To search for driving records, you must do a search for their driving history.
Have you ever tried to search for someone’s criminal records? How hard was it? Was your search online or did you have to make a phone call to the local courthouse? Was the information correct? There are plenty of reasons that folks search for criminal records, and your account may make it easier for others.
Most Wanted
For Federal crimes, the FBI has a list of the Ten Most Wanted Criminals. In Southeastern Ohio Regional Area,the Sheriff keeps their own list of most wanted criminals and fugitives.
FBI Top Ten Most Wanted List
Life In Jail / What Its Like
Daily Life
While the prospect of getting locked up in the Southeastern Ohio Regional Area jail is quite unpleasant, in time you will get accustomed to the routine that is set for you. You will get a wake-up alarm at about 6:00 AM, and next they’ll do roll call. Next, Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail, your experiences would be welcomed, if it can help another person to deal with it.
Dress Code
When incarcerated, all inmates are expected to wear the Southeastern Ohio Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail can change, so it would be best to double check the the Southeastern Ohio Regional Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail
The Deputy Sheriff is the second in command at the Southeastern Ohio Southeastern Ohio there? Have you ever visited a prisoner at this jail?
If yes, then please write a review about it. Write about your experience because other people will know what to expect.
Things you can include in your comment:
Tell Your Story
Everyone’s who has been put in jail has a story to tell. Why’d you end up in jail? Were you mistreated? What was it like in jail? What were the other inmates like? How did going to jail affect your life?
Throw A Shout Out to Your Cell Mate
Make some good friends in jail? Need to throw a shout out to someone you met in jail? Throw a shout out to them here.
Throw a shoutout to people locked up at Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail
Return To Main Menu
2192
Recent CommentsBusiness Credit vs Personal Credit
There are a lot of things you would be able to get if you have a good business credit. A business credit is just like a personal credit – only it is better than that. Your business credit can be likened to that of a mirror – it reflects something about you. Specifically, it reflects your ability to make payments and how responsible you are about your bills. You should always consider business credit to be as important, if not more important for small size businesses. Why? Because the people you would need in order for your business to grow and succeed, people and companies such as your partners, lending companies, banks and suppliers will almost always base their decision on the business credit you have established. They will decide if you are someone worthy of the risk of borrowing their money or not. If you have established a strong business credit, your gain the following benefits: terms from your creditors that work to your advantage, lower interest rates and it would even be possible to borrow money even in the absence of a personal guarantee.
Do not depend so much on your personal credit. It is true that you can borrow money from lenders with that alone. The thing is (and a lot of people have learned this the hard way), it is not usually good to mix business matters with personal ones. What if your personal – your own finances suffer some kind of setback? Is your business going to suffer too? Yes, of course! Another reason why you should always keep both credit types separate is that both credit types are being scored in a different manner. Although they have similarities, they also have their differences. When it comes to their similarities, the process of building both types of credit is quite the same: you loan a specific amount, pay responsibly and then you make it a point to let business credit reporting groups your payment history. Another thing you might want to consider doing to improve on your business credit report is to share information about your company to the business credit reporting groups because people trust these groups so if they know about your company, people would know about it too.
If you have built your business credit properly, there will be no need for you to use your personal credit for business means. We all know that businesses are risky and if something bad happens, of course you would not want your personal credit to be taken down with it too, right? That is the main reason why you have to keep your personal credit separate from your business credit as much as you possibly can. Business credit is a way to guard your business, but if you have used your personal credit for business purposes, if you encounter problems regarding personal finance, once it shows up in the credit reports, your business will most likely get affected as well, in terms of operations and your ability to ask loans.John Scan Scanlan Performer ( b. Apr 03, 1924 Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA - d. Jun 26, 1994 Closter, New Jersey, USA ) Male Productions ProductionsDate of ProductionsCaptain Brassbound's Conversion[Play, Comedy, Revival] Performer: John Scanlan [Ensemble] Understudy: John Scanlan [Rankin, Capt. Kearney, U.S.N.]Apr 17, 1972 - Apr 29, 1972 Find out where John Scanlan and are credited together © 2001-2015, The Broadway League, All Rights Reserved. (Copyright and Disclaimer)Journals and other materials in the Garey Hall remote storage facility will be retrieved & delivered to Falvey Library upon request by Villanova University/Rosemont College students, faculty, staff, courtesy patrons, and visitors with a limit of five volumes per day. It may take 2-3 days for requested items from Garey Hall to be made available to patrons.
(As of July 2011, Villanova University & Rosemont College students, staff, and faculty are asked to use ILLiad to request electronic document delivery, i.e. scanned copies, of articles.)
In exceptional cases, direct browsing access for Villanova University/Rosemont College student, staff, and faculty to the Garey Hall facility can be arranged by appointment with library service desk staff.Hi, On Fri, Jun 20, 2003 at 08:25:35PM +1200, Alan Purchase wrote: > I have been running a dual boot Windows 98 and Mandrake Linux system for > some time and now I want to drop Windows and run solely on Mandrake > Linux 9.0. My problem is that I have a Microtek Scanmaker 6700 scanner > that appears not to be supported by Sane. Can you tell me if someone is > working on a Sane driver for this model and whether it will support USB, > FireWire or both. As it's not on our lists, it's quite unlikely than someone is working on it. Can you provide more details about the scanner, so we can at least list it as "unsupported"? E.g., plug it in, boot linux and show us the output of "cat /proc/bus/usb/devices", please. Maybe it's compatible to any of the already supported scanners. But I doubt that. Some links on how to write a SANE driver: Bye, HenningCentral Kentucky
Association of Health Underwriters (CKAHU)
Central.
Beginning October 1, 2013, the Kentucky Health Benefit Exchange (Kynect) will be ready to enroll individual consumers and small businesses into health coverage available. Only experienced health insurance professionals have the knowledge and skills to evaluate all health coverage options both inside and outside the Exchange (Marketplace) to find the right coverage for consumers and their family at an affordable price. Health insurance agents and brokers selling insurance through Kynect must be certified to sell in the Marketplace, be licensed by the Kentucky Department of Insurance and have Error and Omissions Insurance – all of which protect Kentucky consumers..
Is the person you are talking with about your health insurance a CKAHU Member? To find a member near you, click here.>> — 46 views, 1 favorite, 3 comments
In "Photo Challenge: Chillin'"
Shy
19 Jul 2011 — 23 views, 1 favorite, 2 comments
In "Bloom"
Road Construction
18 Jul 2011 — 32 views, 1 favorite, 2 comments
In "Photo Challenge: Working For A Living"
My Little Piano Man
13 Apr 2010 — 130 views, 3 favorites, 1 comment
In "Inspired by a Song"
Mags and Big Bill
Habeneros
19 Aug 2008 — 350 views, 1 comment
In "Delectable"
Street Performer in Waikiki, Hawaii
14 Aug 2008 — 193 views
In "Photo Challenge: Street Performers"
1931 Chevy Coupe
Not sure what to believe
Grafitti
9 May 2008 — 224 views
In "Photo Challenge: Writing on the Wall"
Macy's Spring Flower Show Mascot
20 Apr 2008 — 777 views, 1 comment
In "Fairy Tale"
Nigel's New Hat
9 Apr 2008 — 1208 views, 27 favorites, 23 comments
Hot! In "Creatures"?The Bruins used an effective forecheck in the second period of Thursday’s game against the Panthers to create sustained offensive zone pressure against the Panthers.
It all started with Jarome Iginla putting pressure on the Florida puck carrier, then David Krejci forced a turnover and led Boston’s rush into the attacking zone. It was a great shift by the B’s first line, which ended up scoring the first goal of the game when a shot from Krejci at the point found its way into the Florida net.
Watch NESN’s Andy Brickley break down a strong shift by the Krejci line in the latest Berkshire Bank Exciting Re.The Sims 4 Rewards. Bonus premium content with this expansion!
Centuries in seconds.
Download The Sims 3 Into the Future expansion for PC/Mac on Origin and jump through the time portal. Discover new tech, skills and more!
Purchase Price
PC/Mac Download
Important terms & conditions apply.
End User License Agreement!— Measurement Tag For Dictionary.com – > <!— Audience Tag for IAC Network – >
James, with the golden voice full of both heartache and redemption, became one of the most influential singers of her time.
And he could have no doubt what his father would want him to do, particularly if he had a last chance for any redemption at all.
He was giving the redemption a “push,” building an uprising of the earth.). The -d- is from the Old Latin habit of using red- as the form of re- before vowels. In the Mercian hymns, Latin redemptionem is glossed by Old English alesnisse.). ..
Writer Mike Stobbe in Atlanta contributed to this report.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read the original story: Drug overdose deaths up for 11th straight yearCelebrating Maxine
Published in Inside - Volume XIII, No. 6
4/22/2008
Teachers College hosted Maxine Greene Day at which the 90 year old philosopher gave a lecture, “Towards Pedagogy of Thought,” to a packed audience in the Cowin Center. Greene, who joined TC faculty in 1965 as the sole woman in the Philosophy of Education Department, is now the William F. Russell Professor Emeritus in Foundations of Education and Professor Emeritus of Philosophy and Education at Teachers College and has been the Philosopher-in-Residence at the Lincoln Center Institute for the Arts in Education since 1976, conducting workshops and lectures, as well as inspiring the creation of the High School of Arts, Imagination and Inquiry in Manhattan. She founded the Maxine Greene Foundation for Social Imagination, the Arts, and Education in 2003, who says she “explores living in awareness and ‘wide-awakeness’ in order to advance social justice.” Greene was awarded the Medal of Honor from Teachers College and Barnard College; Educator of the Year Award from Phi Delta Kappa; the Scholarly Achievement Award from Barnard College; AERA’s Lifetime Achievement Award; a Fulbright fellowship; and over ten honorary degrees. To watch her lecture, visit:.
Images
Maxine Greene, William F. Russell Professor Emeritus in Foundations of Education and Professor Emeritus of Philosophy and Education at Teachers College
previous pageDownload Carbon Indicator: Oil Spills
View the Navigator
➔ Oil spills are one of the most graphic manifestations of the environmental risks run by a carbon economy reliant on fossil fuels
➔ Oil is expected to remain the world’s principal fuel well beyond 2030: by then consumption is expected to be some 25% higher than today
➔ Despite the 2010 Gulf of Mexico disaster an increase in deep-water oil drilling is foreseen as the frontier for new petroleum reserves advances, pushing up against the limits of exploration and exploitation
➔ The dangers associated with deep-water drilling are expected to cause considerable further increases in the environmental and economic costs of oil spills- 1 of 3Godfrey, far left, in 1957 with, from left, cartoonists Keith Learner and Trevor Bond. He won an Oscar for a film on Brunel Popperfoto
- 2 of 3Cartoonist Bob Godfrey adds a watch to a poster on the wall of his studio Popperfoto
- 3 of 3Cartoonists Bob Godfrey and Keith Learner working on some equipment in their studio PopperfotoVerdict
Prime Location has been a short-priced favourite in his last two starts and is now tried in blinkers. Always Bold has stamina in abundance but is probably better with some give in the ground while Sapphire Rouge has been off the course since winning over 2m7f at Fontwell in May and is another who would have liked to have seen some rain. DREAMSOFTHEATRE beat Southway Queen by eight lengths over track and trip last month and followed up at Stratford. A 9lb higher mark means he has to improve again to complete the hat-trick but he obviously gets on well with Maurice Linehan so gets the vote as Milans Well will probably be back over fences in the near future.
Formwatch
Andhaar 4-1 (10-0) Tracked leaders, lost place and not fluent 3rd, closed 6th, outpaced when not fluent next, well beaten 9th, 5th of 6, 35l behind Man Of Leisure (11-9) at Worcester 2m 7f hcp hdl 0-135 (3) gd in Jul.
Prime Location 6-5fav (11-0) Prominent, ridden 3 out, no impression on winner from next, 2nd of 8, 7l behind Billfromthebar (11-0) at Worcester 2m 7f mdn hdl (5) gf in Jul.
Dreamsoftheatre (IRE) 11-10fav (11-13) Tracked leaders, mistake 2nd, not fluent next, led approaching last, stayed on well, won at Stratford 2m 6f nov hcp hdl 0-100 (5) gd beating Watch House (10-8) by 2 1/4l, 9 ran.
Always Bold (IRE) 7-2 (11-0) Mid-division, pushed along 12th, went 3rd before 15th, went 3rd before 3 out, one pace and no impression, 3rd of 10, 28l behind Lord Lescribaa (10-12) at Newton Abbot 3m 2f hcp chs 0-110 (4) gf in Jul.
Electric Tiger (GER) 17-2 (11-5) Tracked leaders, driven and outpaced after 3 out, weakened from next, 6th of 13, 14l behind Green Bank (11-4) at Market Rasen 3m hcp hdl 0-115 (4) gd..
Sapphire Rouge (IRE) 14-1 (10-11) Led, ridden before 2 out, pressed last, headed narrowly run-in, rallied to soon regain lead, kept on gamely, won at Fontwell 2m 6f hcp hdl 0-100 (5) gf in May beating Master Cardor Visa (11-1) by 1 1/4l, 12 ran.
Southway Queen 12-1 (10-6) In touch, led 4 out, ridden and headed before 2 out, one pace, 2nd of 10, 8l behind Dreamsoftheatre (11-7) at Newton Abbot 3m 3f hcp hdl 0-95 (5) gf in Jul.Red Mist Is The Best Thing Ever
I drove about an hour and a half in our team’s The Producers-themed 24 Hours of LeMons Civic today, and you know what? Everyone (including me) has decried the adverse effects of red mist in a race car before, but it certainly comes in handy when you really, really need to get by someone.
»The Supreme Court says that enemy combatants get habeus corpus rights. Amazingly bad idea on a lot of levels. People will call this a rebuke to George Bush, but it's worth remembering that this decision also blows away a law that Congress passed with bi-partisan support. Here's my guess on what happens.
1) We'll close down Gitmo. No reason to keep it open now.
2) We'll repatriate a lot of these dudes to their home countries. They'll all miss Gitmo once they get subjected to the tender mercies of the "justice systems" of Hosni Mubarak and the Saudi princes, among others. One or two might get away and return to the fray and probably that will mean that Americans will die as a result of this decision. I guess Kennedy, Breyer, Souter, Ginsburg and Stevens can live with that. Oddly enough, these enemy combatants won't respect us more because of the actions that our enlightened philosopher-kings undertook on their behalf.
3) Going forward, we won't capture illegal combatants when we encounter them. We'll just shoot them instead. Bullets are a lot cheaper than battling ACLU lawyers.
1 comment:
So much for the concept of Stare Decisis on which the Democrats made such a huge deal about in grilling Roberts and Alito in their confirmation hearings.
As you said, the decision is bad on so many levels. Check out Justice Scalia's dissent for a detailed, as well as a very well reasoned rebuttal of this judicial activism.Implant Restorations
Dental implants are a solution for replacing missing teeth. They are made to give you the strength, stability, and resilience of your natural teeth. They serve as replacements for both the root of the tooth, lending functionality and support to your jawbone.
Unfortunately, sometimes an implant may fracture, become damaged, or otherwise deteriorate. and more durable than ever.Do you know the whereabouts of this talented wide receiver who has been missing since booted from his team in […]
Do you know the whereabouts of this talented wide receiver who has been missing since booted from his team in […]
Who is Jordan Taylor and why should you keep tabs on him? Seeing what others don’t when scouting a player […]
T.J. Yeldon is a big man with a little stride. How well will it work in the NFL? Learn who […]
Cal tight end Richard Rodgers isn’t at the top of this class, but he has the tools to climb an […]
I see the good from Andre Williams, but will he show it often enough on the field? I’m often asked […]
Can San Jose State quarterback David Fales develop more velocity on this throws like Drew Brees? Read on. Eric Stoner […]
The 2014 installment of this series begins with a rough around the edges receiver with the physical talents of A.J. […]
What if I told you Keenan Davis is a safer pick than Tavon Austin? I know, I can’t even say […]
I love Draftbreakdown.com. We all love Draftbreakdown.com. Those guys help me look less like I’m profiling poor comics art. But […]
Once upon a time, D.J. Harper was the lead back in the Boise State offense over Doug Martin. Two ACL […]A new exhibition – Ming: The Golden Empire – has just opened at the National Museum of Scotland. I wandered around it this week with JP Morgan’s Stephanie Flanders, who had kindly come north to speak with me at a lunch held by the Prince’s Trust.
Given that both of us are more than averagely preoccupied with economics, you’d expect us to be looking for the lessons from the Ming era that we might translate to today. There were plenty.
There is a piece of paper money once worth one ounce of silver, a nice reminder that fiat money isn’t really something to hold if you are after long-term value. During the hyperinflation of the 1450s anyone with paper notes probably rather wished they had ounces of silver instead.
There are amazing luxury items (if you go, look for the carved jade belt pieces) from which you can note the wealth of the court relative to the masses and draw whatever conclusion suits you about wealth inequality and the interplay between state spending and taxation 600 years ago.
The Ming dynasty period was one of high spending, but low taxation, so by the 17th century it was running massive deficits, something that clearly contributed to its eventual collapse.
There are some original exam papers for mandarins – almost impossibly difficult, apparently, but also fairly meritocratic and something that might make you think our own bureaucrats look a little under qualified.
But the bit of the exhibition that reminded me most of today was the bit about art. By the late Ming period (the dynasty ran from 1368 to 1644), say the curators, “an increasingly commercialised art market grew in response to demand at all levels of society”.
Forgeries abounded; books were published to give advice to novices; and craftsmen suddenly found that they had become brands. By the end it became so bad that contemporary commentator Li Rihua said: “Crafty dealers and market hustlers will do almost anything to make a sale, spouting absurd claims to the point of talking absolute nonsense.”
You could translate this to the modern art market in China and indeed to our own art market, in which case you would be wise to buy today’s brand artists and put their work away (assuming it’s not perishable) for 400 years.
But it translates just as nicely to the property market. Demand at all levels of society, endless instruction books on how to make it big in buy-to-let; branded developers; and of course plenty of hustlers spouting absurd claims to the point of talking absolute nonsense about everything from investing in student property to the (debatable) shortage of housing in the UK.
This brings us to some of our own mandarins, the members of the Financial Policy Committee (FPC). This is chaired by Bank of England governor Mark Carney, and has recently been given new powers that allow it to interfere in credit markets. This week it announced it is to introduce controls on mortgage lending in the UK.
Lenders will not be able to offer more than 15% of their mortgages at more than 4.5 times the borrower’s income; they will also have to be sure that borrowers will still be able to afford their payments if interest rates rise by three percentage points in the five years after they take out their mortgage.
Mr Carney noted that he didn’t expect this to have any effect at all – it allows high loan-to-value lending to rise from its current level, which is already above its 2008 peak. Nothing in there for the hustlers to worry about.
As the analysts at Fathom Consulting put it, you can now expect “house prices and household debt to continue to rise from levels that are already too high”. Something will eventually slow the property market in London and the southeast. But this particular bit of nonsense talk isn’t going to be it.
That said, all this is more important than it looks. We haven’t had credit controls or mortgage restrictions such as these in the UK for 30 years. Now we do. It is a whole new world of bureaucratic power. And given the tendency for the work of bureaucrats to expand to fill whatever space is available, I suspect they will soon be making more use of it.
Finally, a note on contrarianism. A few months ago, I suggested buying stocks in Russia – which was both the cheapest and the most obviously unpopular market I could see around the world. You didn’t like this much. Indeed, most of you thought buying Russia was downright stupid and many people said so in the comments section below the article.
Since then, the Micex is up about 25%. I mention this not to demonstrate my brilliance – regular readers will know that market timing isn’t my thing – but as a reminder about what contrarianism really is.
Ask any fund manager how he perceives himself and he will almost always tell you that he “isn’t interested in what other people are buying”; he “looks for value”, he looks past the chatter to the “long-term potential” of investments; he is in fact a contrarian investor.
Then ask him if he holds any Gazprom, or whether he has been in the market recently buying a little Tesco for its big data wealth, amazing branding and the potential in its banking business. I can be fairly sure the answer will be no.
When I suggested Russia, I said I liked (and hold) the JP Morgan Russian investment trust. Alan Brierley of Canaccord Genuity agrees. He notes that the market is still on price-to-book ratio of a mere 0.7 times and a forward price/earnings ratio of 5.3 times (the US is on 19 times).
The market as a whole trades at a 68% discount to the rest of the world in valuation terms and this trust trades at an 11% discount to the net asset value of its investments. That’s got to be a better long-term deal than a buy-to-let flat in London. Something for your Nisa money, perhaps?
• This article was first published in the Financial Times.
• Stay up to date with MoneyWeek: Follow us on Twitter, Facebook and Google+'Sleepy Hollow': The Good, The Bad And Potential As A Show:
- I wonder about the reason for using Sympathy for the Devil at the beginning and end of the episode. I don’t really see the significance, but it could either be a hidden meaning or just a cool song they wanted to use twice.
- Come and get your beheadings here. You get a beheading! YOU get a beheading! Everybody gets beheadings!
- “General George Washington?” “You know him?”
- One of the people in the police station shows Ichabod a dollar bill to prove it’s the future. He was barely shocked, like “yeah obviously he was going to be money one day.”
- It’s very rare for Fox to cast so many African-Americans as leads. Definitely thumbs up here.
- Ichabod gets his issues with Abbie out of the way really quickly. “A female lieutenant?” And then later. “You’ve been emancipated I take it. From enslavement.” I like that they’re not glossing over the fact that racism and sexism in his time were practically mandatory. But is it a cop out for him to be part of the abolitionist movement? Also, does it fit within the timeline he’s already laid out (specifically: in switching sides from England to America, would he have had the community footing to join a New York abolitionist group before joining Washington’s group?)
- “Is that a Starbucks? How many are there?” “Per block?” “Is there a law?”
- Katherine, Ichabod’s wife, was burned for witchcraft. However, she begs him to save her from “this place.” I think her storyline is an intriguing way to keep him committed to the case and maintain a platonic-only relationship with Abbie.
- “Think he can hear us?”
- It’s definitely not right that the Headless Horseman had an automatic weapon. How does he aim? How does he hear? I know, I know. Magic.
- Abbie did NOT flinch when John Cho’s head was ripped off or when the demon came at her in the mirror. Either she really doesn’t give a shit about anything or girl’s got nerves of steal.Feature Requests
Child Boards
[-] Applied or Declined Requests
[-] Next SMF Discussion
Topics
(1/14) > >>
[1] About this board (important!)
[2] Spam problems.
[3] Visibility inheritance for member groups
[4] OAuth SMF authentication for other websites?
[5] "Administrate forum and database" permission split up
[6] 2.0.9 - Removing title text.
[7] improved attachment uploading
[8] Methods to create boards faster
[9] Recurring Events in Calendar
Navigation
[0] Up one level
[#] Next pageGo to full versionHumanity is fascinated and repelled by science. I discovered this ambivalence in the film “Transcendence,” starring Johnny Depp. In this movie, Depp’s character dies and his consciousness is uploaded online in an attempt to cheat death and prolong his life. The experiment seems to be a success, until the hybrid creation turns sinister and humanity must confront the problems it caused.
A similar narrative arc occurs in the television series “Revolution.” In this story, “nanotechnology” is designed and programmed by one of the main characters. Initially, it comes to his rescue when he is in trouble. However, after an aborted attempt to kill the nanotech with a virus, the technology no longer demonstrates any particular allegiance to its creator.
The concept of creator carries an implicit reference to the idea of God or “playing God” in novels, television series, films and other narratives. Why is it we seem to fear science so much? I think perhaps it is a distrust of science, or what writer Roger Shattuck terms “forbidden knowledge.”
There are examples in religion and mythology of individuals or societies who push the boundaries of knowledge and are punished for their transgressions.
In the Hebrew Scriptures, there are two stories about humans overstepping their boundaries with regard to knowledge. Adam and Eve disobey God by eating from the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil. (Genesis 2:17) The serpent convinces Adam and Eve that “God knows that, as soon as you eat it, your eyes will be opened and you will be like God himself, knowing both good and evil.” (Genesis 3:5) The Tower of Babel story warns about becoming like God. When God came down to see the tower under construction, he sensed danger in this activity. “From now on nothing they have a mind to do will be beyond their reach.” (Genesis 11:6)
In Greek mythology, Prometheus suffered greatly for providing humans with knowledge or technology that the Olympian gods deemed unnecessary or dangerous for humans to possess. Prometheus means “forethought,” which makes the connection between his talents and his eventual crimes. After stealing fire from heaven, Zeus has him chained to a rock on Mount Caucasus where a vulture fed daily on his liver, which grew back magically every night. Other myths have him not only providing fire for humans, but teaching them about the medicinal properties of plants, how to cultivate the earth and how to tame horses. In other words, Prometheus essentially made humans human. In some accounts, he actually took on the role of creator in fashioning the Greek version of Adam and Eve out of clay. Was it a bad idea to give humans fire? If we think of fire in a more expansive sense today, perhaps it was. Isn’t heat the source for nuclear weapons and most arms in general?
Another famous character of Western literature who seemed to be too smart for his own good is Odysseus, or Ulysses. Though it helped secure the Greek victory, many writers don’t view the cleverness of the Trojan Horse in a positive light. In Dante’s Inferno, Ulysses dies in an attempt to sail beyond the Straits of Gibraltar, nearly reaching Mount Purgatory. He ends up drowning and resides in the Canto with the Evil Counselors. Dante implies it was Ulysses’ curiosity and attempt to navigate beyond the bounds of humanity that ultimately killed him.
Should there be knowledge that is beyond the reach of humanity? If so, do the gods or God or nature condemn us for our curiosity and hubris? Recent films and television series would have us believe the answer is still “Yes.”
The suggestion is that humankind is too stupid to overcome superstition and religious foolishness. Why not take science fiction for what it is? It's entertainment.
For instance, why does evil exist? It's pretty hard to put a rational reason to the existence of evil, and it's even harder to explain why it persists or why it seems so ubiquitous in the world.
The value of the myth is not that it is real or even rational, but that it expresses a kind of universal moral that can't be expressed some other way. Jesus used parables: stories that illustrate something that is hard to put in a normal context, as, for instance, "the kingdom of heaven is like a merchant looking for fine pearls..."
It doesn't matter with a lot of Bible stories whether one believes them to be true or not. That argument misses the point of the story in question. The story tells us something of larger import. It's value is not in its veracity, but in its lesson or its application to present reality or even future reality.
Science deals in mysteries of a different sort than metaphysics and religion. Science can't very well approach what is or isn't beyond death because it has no means to investigate it. The concept of resurrection throws many honest people because they've never seen one. They have no reference for it. Science can neither prove nor disprove it. Science can say, "Well, that's unlikely given the evidence." But it isn't impossible, especially when given an omnipotent God to bring it about. That factor would change everything.
So myth and mysticism are portals to grasping a greater dimensional possibility than is science. However, today, physicists have stumbled on some mind-blowing data that even carries mathematical weight. We aren't apparently trapped in a one-dimensional universe. There is now factual evidence of a beyond -- transcendent and parallel worlds you might say.
So science isn't disproving religion and myth as much as it is now giving it a certain credibility. It isn't beyond the realm of physics that there is another life, or even many of them. That portal of knowledge suggests possibilities grounded in reality. So God and science are not as opposed as some imagine. Science can reveal things about God we never knew or that the ancients couldn't have imagined. They weren't "wrong"; they were just in a less knowledge-affluent age.
For me, science is lame in approaching the universal problem of death. It tells us little more than the physical attributes present at death. I also don't get a lot out of after-death testimonies because the person still had a cognitive awareness grounded in this world. But death remains a mystery and an ever-present conundrum. Atheism tends to support a concept of annihilation, but that doesn't satisfy the problem of very brief and meaningless lives in a decaying order where justice is never satisfied or reached. That is the very rational juncture where I can posit the intense need for just such a God as the ancients described. More than a "need," really, it is an imperative. A singular God that some call a force fills a void that scientific observation simply can't. Instead, science is a reflection of that force.
brings a balance to mystical and religious speculation. We all know that religion can get very crazy. There were mystics who went stark-raving mad. To me, both disciplines balance each other out.
the work of Ray Kurzweil and "singularity"...while I am all for scientific breakthroughs that could accomplish much good for humanity and believe that God gives such men of science the gifts to pursue such goals, at the same time I believe that much more thought must be given to the downside that such technology could bring...men are men, after all, and capable of much evil as well as much good.
thanks to Nicolas for a well-written and thought-provoking article.. I have long been a fan, too, of science fiction.Who We Are
We are a global consultancy firm with a difference. We focus exclusively on the news business – both editorial and management. And our focus is helping our clients innovate and embrace new digital platforms, develop new storytelling and presentation genres, and find bold new strategies as well as new revenue streams.
And all this starting and ending with the premise that 'good journalism is good business.' We have been described in the press, both as 'The McKinsey of the news business,' and 'one of the most famous firms specialising in newspapers and other news media.'
We understand that you cannot get different results by doing the same thing or with the same products – and that innovation and renewal are essential to survive and thrive.
We have been innovating with and for our clients for more than 20 years. And in all that time each and every project has been about helping clients to re-invent their content, transform the way they run their newsrooms and management teams, deliver demonstrable results, business objectives, loyal and engaged audiences.
Teamwork, innovative ideas and best practice gathered the world over have established our reputation as a unique consultancy with unmatched depth and breadth of skills.
We invite you to be part of the digital news revolution and benefit from INNOVATION’s knowledge and hands-on expertise of more than two decades advising some of the best-known media brands in the world. 3, 10, 17, 24, 31 MONDAY 8 p.m. The Original Tuxedo Jazz Band featuring Gerald French May 4, 11, 18, 25. Ashlin Parker May 5 Derrick Freeman May 12 Robin Sherman May 19 Quiana Lynell May 26 WEDNESDAY 5 p.m. Lady Sings the Blues featuring Dana Abbott May 6, 13, 20, 27 8 p.m. Grammy award-winning Irvin Mayfield's NOJO Jam Session featuring the New Orleans Jazz Orchestra's All Stars with Special Guests $15.00 Cover Charge May 6, 13, 20, 27 THURSDAY 5 p.m. Matthew Clark & Arsene DeLay May 7, 21 Joshua Starkman May 14 Jenna McSwain May 28 8 p.m. The James Rivers Movement May 7, 14, 21, 28 FRIDAY 5 p.m. The Piano Professor Series ft. Joe Krown May 1, 8, 22, 29 Josh Paxton May 15 8 p.m. Leon "Kid Chocolate" Brown May 1, 8, 15, 22, 29 12 Midnight Burlesque Ballroom ft. Trixie Minx and Romy Kaye May 1, 8, 15, 22, 29 A modern spin on a classic 1960's Bourbon Street Burlesque Show with a rotating cast of soloists all performing classic strip tease to live music, bringing quality Jazz & Burlesque back to its original home on Bourbon Street. SATURDAY 8 p.m. Thomas Pol, Brad Walker, Davy Mooney & Stephen Gordon May 2 The Ella & Louie Tribute Band May 9 Kristina Morales & The Bayou Shufflers May 16 Tribute to Bessie Smith ft. Roamin' Jasmine May 23 Khari Allen Lee May 30 Listen to Irvin's Latest New Orleans Jazz Orchestra ShowSeptember 11, 2002
Name:
Spartacus, Idefix
Age:
One, Five years old
Gender:
Male
Kind:
Bronze Wing Pionus, Sulfur Crested Cockatoo
Arizona, USA
T
he little bluish guy with the horn colored beak is Spartacus, a Bronze Wing Pionus. He is about one year old. The white poof ball is Idefix, a Medium Sulfur Crested Cockatoo. Though they look quite different on the surface, they have much in common. Both enjoy human company, especially if said human company comes bearing gifts such as almonds or walnuts! Idefix particularly craves cuddles; lack of physical attention will result in one foot being brought up to the neck to fluff his own feathers with the most soulful "I am so neglected" look that would certainly garner an Oscar if parrots could be nominated.
Spartacus and Idefix enjoy a variety of food: plenty of fruits and veggies, legume mixtures, pellets and whole grain cereals and any healthy table foods. They will help themselves to my plate if I forget to offer them their own portion. And for the budding artists, the messier the food the better! Plain white walls are excellent canvasses for grape and orange pulp and pasta with tomato sauce! I do believe they hold an Avian Olympic event to see who can fling a juicy morsel the farthest. The winner gets to strut with pride an watch Mom clean up the mess.
Both think soft woods and paper products are great! Any toys, furniture or bills will do! How many of you have had to request a new bill from a utility company because said bill and envelope now met top secret disposal procedures? Shredded into such small pieces that even the most dedicated spy would pass on the opportunity to glue it all back together. Spartacus and Idefix are great companions and dull moments are rare at their house!
Talk about today's pet
in Pet Talk!Why Should I Buy Kava From GoKava? We directly import and sell only the finest organically grown 100% pure Vanuatu Kava roots. We guarantee our Vanuatu Kava powder is 100% pure Vanuatu kava roots and contains no leaves or stems. Vanuatu Kava is considered the best quality and most potent Kava in the world. Even though it is more costly to import Vanuatu Kava and we could buy less expensive Kava from Fiji and Hawaii, we dedicate our online store to nothing less than bringing you only the best Kava products. We also have unmatched customer service and ship your order same day if received before 2:30 p.m. PST.
What does Kava taste like? Kava is definitely an acquired taste. Kava tea/juice has a bitter, peppery taste. However, adding a juice of a 1/2 Lemon or Lime or some honey or coconut milk/water and/or bringing the temperature down by adding a few ice cubes makes it more palatable. There are many delicious Kava drink recipes - See our recipe page.
After a couple of cups your mouth will tingle and feel numb - this is a symptom of the narcotic effect on your body. You will feel its effects in minutes and all effects within 20 minutes.
What is Kava? Kava is a tropical evergreen shrub with large heart-shaped leaves and woody stems that grows naturally in Pacific Polynesia. Its thick roots are mashed or ground and then made into tea/juice by adding water and squeezing and filtering the kava pulp using cloth as a filter. A member of the black pepper family, kava's active properties are the kavalactones found in its roots. When consumed, kava relaxes the body and mind while maintaining mental alertness and focus. For many centuries, the pacific islanders have regarded kava with much respect for its spiritual and medicinal effects. Drinking kava promotes a mellow euphoric experience while the mind stays clear and content. Many drink kava to promote better sleep with no "hang over" effect and waking the next day with a refreshed feeling. Kava is also amazing for treating ailments like migraine headaches and cramps. Kava is also a positive natural alternative to drugs and alcohol. It has a long history of ritual and recreational use in Pacific Polynesia and is now a common herbal product used to reduce anxiety and stress, insomnia, and improve one's mood.
Who Should Not Drink Kava and what is the Recommended Daily Dosage? Kava should not be consumed by persons under the age of 18, or if pregnant, nursing or taking prescription drugs. Do not exceed recommended dose (32 oz. of kava tea per day or 1500 mill.
Is Kava Safe for my Liver? This is another often asked question we get from customers. It is important to note that reports of liver damage have been proven false.
Most of you have probably seen or heard about the FDA Kava warnings. Please note that there has never been any cases liver disease associated with the traditional use of Kava. Humans have been using Kava as a relaxing beverage for 3,000 years. In the South Pacific Island nations of Vanuatu, Fiji, Samoa, and Tonga kava drinking is a daily practice for hundreds of thousands of people. There has never been a pattern of liver disease connected to the drinking of kava in these countries. The natives of South Pacific do not have liver problems and they have been drinking Kava for thousands of years.
All our Kava products only contain the root of the Kava plant, which contain no harmful compounds.
Years ago, several reports had come out of individuals who were taking Kava experiencing liver failure. To err on the side of caution, Kava reported cases of liver failure.
Can I mix Alcohol with Kava? No don't do it! Kava products should never be mixed with alcohol. Kava increases the hepatotoxicity of alcohol and increases the chance of alcohol poisoning and if mixed together and consumed on a regular basis, there is a chance of liver damage/failure. We recommend that you wait at least 24 hours after consuming alcohol before consuming Kava products.Baltimore, MDUSA 21201
January 27, 2013
20-30 miles right now. Have ridden 40-50 before but am not up for that currently
Maybe north of the city, cross country greenspring valley etc
Yes :)
Sure
Yup.
No introduction yet
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyIn Memory of
Richard G. Hawkinson
June 22, 1925 - October 27, 2013
Richard G. (Dick) Hawkinson, 88, of Leawood, Kansas, passed away October 27, 2013 at Kansas City Hospice House. Memorial service will be held 1:00 p.m. Friday, November 1, at First Lutheran Church, 6400 State Line Road, Mission Hills, Kansas 66208.
Dick was born in Galesburg, Ilinois, June 22, 1925. After graduation from Galesburg High School in 1943 he entered the U.S. Navy, serving from 1943 to 1946 during World War II. He also was recalled during the Korean Police Action and served 22 months.
Upon his return after World War II, he graduated from Browns Business College, Galesburg, Illinois in 1947 and immediately started working for National Biscuit Company, Burlington, Iowa. Spending 40 years in various locations and positions, he retired from Nabisco in 1987.
A member of First Lutheran Church, Mission Hills, Kansas since 1956, he was very active in various church activities and held numerous positions during his years of membership.
Survivors include his wife of 66 years, Glenna; daughter Christine Trotta; son Richard G. Hawkinson II (Jeanie); son Lloyd D. (Lynn); six grandchildren, four great-grandchildren, and one sister Dorothy Miller, Galesburg, IL. He will be deeply missed by family and friends.
Memorial contributions may be made to the First Lutheran Church, 6400 State Line Road, Mission Hills, Kanssa 66208 or the Salvation Army, 3637 Broadway, Kansas City, Missouri 64111. Condolences may be offered at.
Memorial Service
Friday, November 01, 2013 | 1:00p.m.
First Lutheran Church
6400 State Line Road, Mission Hills, Kansas 66208
Driving DirectionsRegister now for free, or sign in with any of these services:
Want to set your local edition?
Select an edition for more focused local news coverage when you visit NOLA.com.
Don't worry. You can change this setting at any time to another local edition.
this house is great. we love Moishe.
Can he open a house in London? many Israelis will love it. there are many Houses for rent in Golders Green
areaSociologists would say the British desire to experience life abroad is in our blood. As a small island nation, distant horizons have always had a strong allure.
For hundreds of years, until the 1950s and 1960s, Britons with a sense of adventure or a desire to make their fortune could head off to any far-flung corner of what was first the Empire and later the Commonwealth.
Waves of adventurous migrants headed to Canada, the USA and particularly down under, where "ten pound Poms" were encouraged to fill Australia’s vast empty spaces.
What is different today is that many adventurers are more likely to be in their 50s and 60s. Whereas in the past most elderly Brits have been perfectly happy to settle for Southend or Skegness, Brighton or Bognor, today’s retirees would prefer to see their days out somewhere else - almost anywhere else - other than Britain.
According to the Institute for Public Policy Research there were 252,000 British pensioners living abroad in 1981. Ten years later that number had more than doubled to 594,000 and by the beginning of 2006 it was over a million. And according to the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, 38 per cent of over 55s are planning to relocate in the next few years. So where should you go?
Traditional destinations
To say that Spain is the número uno for British retirees is not strictly true since there are far more in Australia, Canada and the USA. But statistics on those migrant destinations do not present a modern picture of migration since they are distorted by the many thousands who moved to the “old” colonies decades ago and never bothered to give up their UK citizenship.
While countries like Australia, and New Zealand still figure at the top of many people’s wish list, today these countries have all but slammed the door on retiree immigration except for those either with family already living there or with plenty of money - or both. They offer mainly investment-based visas that mean you need serious money to get in, up to half a million pounds in Australia, more in New Zealand and the USA.
Nowadays, those seeking a retirement haven abroad are most likely to look first at the Mediterranean, with Spain, Portugal, Italy, Greece and Cyprus as favourite destinations.
The British Consul in Spain estimates that over a half a million Britons aged 50-plus live there. Overall, British people own 700,000 properties in Spain, 500,000 in France and 50,000 in Portugal. Of course not all are retirees.
The Mediterranean countries are still the pensioners’ favourites with the obvious merits - they’re closer to home and easier for visits from friends and family and, because of holidays we’ve taken there, we are likely to be more familiar with them.
The downside? Property bargains have all but disappeared and the cost of living is sometimes more than it is here, making life increasingly expensive for those on a pension.
And, although we usually see them at their best, let’s not forget, they have winter too.
Up-and-coming
Today, the more adventurous are looking further afield. What is not commonly known is that dozens of these countries actively woo “rich” Western retirees for the investment funds they bring with them. On offer to lure pensioners are tax breaks, free import duties and other benefits.
Critical to choices away from Europe is the ease of getting in, and many countries have hacked away at the red tape to simplify things for newcomers.
Malaysia, a wonderful country with a low cost of living, fantastic food, charming people and a low crime rate, admits retirees on a permanent basis under its "My Second Home" scheme if they have assets of about £70,000 and a monthly income of £2,000. Over 1,500 Britons have moved there under this scheme.
The Philippines offers similar tax breaks and will even help with golf club memberships.
Thailand is even cheaper. It requires you only to bring in a lump sum of £14,000 and have an annual income of about the same amount.
If you fancy life in Bali, Indonesia is cheaper still. All you need is proof that you have an income of about £300 a month.
Danger in paradise
It’s a disappointing fact but the countries with the most appeal to retirees - balmy weather, cheap property and so on - can sometimes come high on those lists of the world’s most dangerous places to live.
Oddly, some of those countries that we consider relatively crime-free are not without dangerous areas. A recent UN report on general crime statistics has New Zealand, Finland and Denmark fairly high on the list.
Some of the countries we know to be dangerous are, like the curate's egg, only bad in parts - generally the big cities.
Thailand is a pretty safe place, but last year the capital, Bangkok, had 20,000 assaults and 13,500 burglaries, giving it the dubious title of South-east Asia’s crime capital.
Other countries popular for retirement but with alarmingly unsafe cities include South Africa, Venezuela, Mexico, Colombia, Brazil and the United States.
The rural areas of these countries may be safe but many of them have cities which could easily be nominees for “the murder capital of the world”.
South Africa has it all: dramatic coastlines dotted with charming towns, pristine beaches, stunning landscapes and mountains and exciting wildlife. The but? South Africa’s murder and violent crime rate - again mostly confined to its big cities - is among the highest in the world.
Other dodgy places? Caracas in Venezuela is one.
“You better be a mobster if you plan to visit Caracas, the murder capital of the world,” advises one travel website, citing 130 murders and 537 kidnappings last year.
The warmth and friendliness of the people, its temperate climate and low cost of living attracts many retirees to Mexico, with an estimated 100,000 American retirees living there.
The city to avoid is Cuidad Juarez, just across the USA border, where drug cartels are engaged in an endless war with each other and the police.
Colombia is another beautiful country with dozens of safe options for retirees. The cities best crossed off the list: Bogota (although the main tourist areas are considered safe during the day), Medellin, the city of eternal spring (and yet another “murder and kidnapping capital of the world”), and Cali, not only Colombia’s salsa capital, but, according to the US State Department, a place where “murder rates have risen significantly” and where “kidnapping remains a serious threat”.
Another city to cross off your "possibles" list is the hot, humid and exciting capital. Rio, in its spectacular setting among hills that leap straight out of the sea, is, along with Sao Paulo, considered the worst for crime and notorious for attacks on foreigners and locals alike.
Essentially, if you fall into the "more adventurous" category, choosing where to retire is a job not to be rushed. Research all the options thoroughly and - if finances can bear it - visit the two or three possibles at the top of your list before making a final decision.
The International Retirement Directory by David and Daniel Creffield, is available through the Telegraph Bookshop, £18.99. It can also be ordered online at or by telephone: 01273 648909.
Annabel Kantaria
Anna Nicholas
Stephen Clarke
Mark JohnsonThe Freedmen's Bureau
The first kind of primitive welfare agency used to provide food, clothing, medical care, and education to freedman and to white refugees.First to establish school for blacks to learn to read.
Wade Davis Bill
A plan in 1864 for Reconstruction that denied the right to vote or hold office for anyone who had fought for the Confederacy. Lincoln refused to sign this bill because he thought it was too harsh.
Black codes
South laws passed by Johnson that kept tight restraints on the freedmen. Included no interracial marriages and no service on juries.
Sharecropper
A person who works fields rented from a landowner and pays the rent and repays loans by turning over to the landowner a share of the crops.
Civil Rights Bill
A bill passed by Congress in March 1866 as a measure against the Black Codes to reinforce black rights to citizenship. It was vetoed by Johnson and was later passed as the 14th Amendment.
14th Amendment
This amendment declared that all persons born or naturalized in the United States were entitled equal rights regardless of their race, and that their rights were protected at both the state and national levels.
Reconstruction Act
Divided the South into 5 military districts, each commanded by a union general and policed by Union soldiers. To be re-admitted into the Union states had to ratify the 14th Amendment, and that states' constitutions had to allow former adult male slaves to vote.
15th Amendment
The amendment that stated that no one could be rejected voting rights based on race, color, or ex-slave.
Union League
A pro-Union organization consisting of Freedmen. A network of political clubs that educated members and campaigned for Republican candidates. Also took up building black churches and schools, representing black grievances before local employers and government, and recruiting militias to protect black communities from white retaliation.
Scalawags
The name given by former confederates to those southerners who supported the shift in power to congress and the army in the south during reconstruction
Carpetbaggers
A northerner who went to the South immediately after the Civil War and tried to gain political advantage or other advantages from the disorganized situation in southern states.
Ku Klux Klan
A secret society created by white southerners in 1866 that used terror and violence to keep African Americans from obtaining their civil rights.
Force Acts
Banned the use of terror, force or bribery to prevent someone from voting because of their race. Also banned the KKK entirely and brought forth military help to enforce these laws._________________________________________________________________________________________________
A northern Michigan woman has put her own spin on Leonardo da Vinci’s “The Last Supper” by making a replica of it out of laundry lint.
Laura Bell of Roscommon collected lint from her dryer and fashioned it into a four-metre-long, one-metre tall reproduction of the Italian Renaissance painter’s masterpiece.
Bell says she needed about 800 hours to do enough laundry to get the lint, and 200 hours to recreate the mural.
She bought towels of the colours she wanted and laundered them separately to get the right shades of lint.
Her artwork has caught the eye of Ripley’s Believe It or Not!, which plans to put it on display at one of its museums.
Ripley’s says it also has Last Supper replicas made from a grain of rice, a dime and burned toast.Ben Jones-Bishop letting his rugby do the talking
Related Articles
Leeds Rhinos winger Ben Jones-Bishop plans to let his performances do the talking in his pursuit of a permanent place in Brian McDermott’s starting 13 this season.
The England Knights star, 25, has been a Rhinos regular since 2011, scoring 46 times in 71 appearances. However, in the offseason, McDermott signed England winger Tom Briscoe, and it is rumoured the former Hull flyer will be his first choice on the right flank.
Indeed, in Ryan Bailey’s testimonial against London last week, Briscoe was started and scored on his debut. Jones-Bishop hit back with three tries of his own off the bench, though, making McDermott’s decision even harder.
“I just get on the pitch and do the best I can,” said Jones-Bishop when asked whether he thought his hat-trick put him in a strong position.
“Obviously competition is strong so you have got to be at your best all the time to try and get in the team.
“That’s what you are going to have to do [fight for your place].
Zak Hardaker – Leeds’ first-choice full-back in 2014. ©RLPhotos
Brian McDermott said no decision has been made on his back three just yet. He told TotalRL.com: “It’s nice [having an all-England backline], but the competition for places is the most significant thing for me.
“Everyone mentions BJB because we brought in Briscoe, but in actual fact Tom Briscoe’s addition will affect everyone – Kallum Watkins, Zak Hardaker, Joel Moon. Well, Moony is in a bit of a different position as he can play centre and maybe a bit of halfback, he’s not really a full-back or winger, but Kallum, Hally [Ryan Hall], BJB, Zak, they can all place centre, they can all play wing, and they can all play full-back, so there will be a bit of roving about this year.”
McDermott said Zak Hardaker is going to be his first-choice full-back for the start of the season but claims he’s still undecided on his wingers.
“I don’t know my starting back three yet. The shirts are going to go to the best performers, whoever gets the shirt for the first two or three rounds, I’d be surprised if they keep it for 10 rounds and I’d be surprised if the bloke who keeps it for 10 rounds keeps it after that.”
If you were Brian McDermott who would you start as your back three? Let us know by commenting below. And watch the following video to see all three of BJB’s London tries.When they put their mind to it, the prison service do seem able to transfer me from A to B without my being turned away or dumped at C.
Now I just need to find someone who can tell me why I am here. Even Lifer staff are at a loss. I'd like to think that there is a cogent plan behind my move, but my past experience leads me to hesitate before leaping to conclusions.
Sunday, July 10, 2011
Mystified
Posted by prisonerben
Well, there seems to be a "lab-rat" attitude to prisoners so maybe they just want to see how you will react? Withholding information is dis-empowering. Cunning.
In propotion to body size and kgs the "lab-rat" has more space! premThe 'rule of thirds' is an approximation of the 'golden ratio'After 'Composition - the four most important lines' I was going to have 'focus on thirds' but I've changed it to 'thinking in threes' so I can highlight something else which is worth keeping at the front of the brain when setting up a composition.
A diagram comparison - using algebra and numbers of
"the golden mean" and "the rule of thirds"
plus identification of the 'sweet spot' area and how this can be used for the focal point
(click on image to download for free for education/non-commercial use only)
A diagram comparison - using algebra and numbers of
"the golden mean" and "the rule of thirds"
plus identification of the 'sweet spot' area and how this can be used for the focal point
(click on image to download for free for education/non-commercial use only)
Mathematics and art
How do numbers relate to art? Ratios and number intervals are important in rather a lot of famous artwork - just as they are in music.
I've always known that a talent for mathematics and music very much go together - in terms of conceiving patterns and sequences - but have sometimes wondered whether and how much of this translates over into art.
For example, quite a lot of artists seem to be really uncomfortable with numbers while I know a lot of classical art is based on ratios plus I seem to do a lot of visual counting ("too much/too little") and literal counting ( "how many inches?") every time I set up a composition.
This post covers some maths - but I also hope it's accessible to people who don't think they're any good at maths, while also providing detail for those who are interested. Just skip over the bits which you don't relate to and you'll probably still get the gist of what this is all about!
The golden ratio and rule of thirds
A ratio describes how one number relates to another. The most famous ratio used in art has various names and a simplified version for those who don't do maths.
It's been called the divine proportion, the golden ratio, the golden section, the golden spiral. The simple version is the rule of thirds.
It's actually related to a ratio which can be found again and again in the natural world. The golden ratio is approximately to 1·61803 39887 to 1 or 1 to 0.61803 39887. You can read definitions below in the boxes - but skip these if you feel mathematically challenged.
I've included a diagram at the top of the page which compares "the golden ratio" with "the rule of thirds". You can see and download a larger version if you click on it. It shows you the algebra. It also shows you how it works in terms of numbers. You'll note that the rule of thirds is an easy way of remembering the golden ratio - and also that they are not quite the same thing.
Norman Garstin (Newlyn School)
Penlee Gallery, Penzance, Cornwall
Garston's composition of this painting of Penzance promenade on a rainy day was much influenced by Japanese art. It also illustrates how you don't have to place subjects exactly on the sweet spots to help the composition - nearby can be fine.
The title is a quote from Shakespeare who used the phrase in ‘King Lear’ and ‘Twelfth Night’.
Definitions of the golden ration / section / mean
Here are two definitions - the first one from ArtLex
A proportional relation (ratio) obtained by dividing a line so that the shorter part is to the longer part as the longer part is to the whole. Another way to describe this: a proportion between the two dimensions of a plane figure or the two divisions of a line, in which the ratio of the smaller to the larger is the same as the ratio of the larger to the whole: a ratio of approximately 0.618 to 1.0and the second one from Wikipedia.
ArtLex - Golden Mean or Golden Section.
Wikipedia - The Golden ratio
The Sweet Spot
'La Coiffure' / Combing the Hair (circa 1892 - 1895)
oil on canvas, 114.3 x 146.7 cm
Edgar Degas
National Gallery London
The golden spiral is an extrapolation of the golden ratio and is explained in the wikipedia article. I'm using a diagram of the golden spiral as as an icon avatar for Composition and Design - Resources for Artists
oil on canvas, 114.3 x 146.7 cm
Edgar Degas
National Gallery London
The sweet spot is where the lines intersect if dividing up both height and width according to the golden ratio or rule of thirds.
On the diagram at the top of this post I've shaded the space inbetween the intersections and circled the area which would be broadly be regarded as the sweet spot.
You don't need to know or understand the maths to know that placing a the focal point on or near the sweet spots (see the diagram above) is very likely to make an image very pleasing to the eye.
The ratio is used extensively in natural forms and lots of items in nature - such as Nautilus shells and the spiral within the seed head of a sunflower work on the principle of the golden ratio - hence the notion that this measure of proportion is divinely inspired. There are lots of examples of images of the golden ratio on Google.
"Combing the hair" , the painting by Degas, is usually studied because of its use of a particularly strong and striking colour palette - but it's also very interesting in terms of how it relates to the sweet spots. What I notice is that the changes in direction in the girl's elbows and the woman's hands and the small yellow vase on the table mark the outer perimeter of the four sweet spots while the girl's face and the hand and brush seem to be plumb on two of them. When you see this painting in person the colour and the length and direction of the main lines seem overpowering - but I find that my focus remains on the action of the hair brushing.
Tip: Use the sweet spot for:
- areas within the drawing/painting which you want to emphasise
- areas where strong contrast is being used to draw attention to the focal point
- areas where there are changes in key elements of the drawing/painting - such as the direction and/or angle of a line, the beginning of a transformation of a shape - particularly if these are being used to guide the eye around the drawing/painting
Tip: the ratio and rule are useful guides - which can also be broken. Your drawing/painting is not a failure because you didn't follow this particulae guides!
Other sources
You can find more information about use of the rule of thirds in the links below and in the 'rule of thirds' module in Composition and Design - Resources for Artists. The photography links are particularly good at demonstrating how photographers use the rule of thirds to compose photographs.
Thinking in Threes
The other thing I wanted to emphasise around thinking in threes is an old adage which will be well know to gardeners planting out beds - and that's that odd numbers work better than even numbers when it comes to presenting objects. I've no idea why this should be other than that odd numbers tend to be more pleasing to the eye. Maybe because they tend to be easier to fashion into shapes which are also more pleasing or because they are easier to balance within the visual field?
Links:
Making a Mark Composition Project:
- Composition - the four most important lines
- Composition and Design - finding and creating a focal point
- Composition and Design - A Digest #1
- Greg Albert - The Simple Secret to Better Painting
- Composition - Principles of Design
- Composition - The Elements of Design
- Composition and Design - An Introduction
- Composition and Design - Resources for Artists
8 comments:
what an interesting and generous blog you have.
i'll look forward to seeing your further thoughts on japonisme, and in the meantime show you these:
see, i guess i really do see the influence of those japanese prints on everything you mention. but then i'm kinda prejudiced.
Thanks for the links and what an interesting blog you have. I can see I shall have to return when looking at Japonisme in the next project.
I appreciate this conversation and exchange very much ! Thanks for sharing ..
you know, i hadn't remembered that those wouldn't turn into links, so i apologise for that--i'll html-ize in the future.
and thanks katherine!
Arghh. Now I'm scared to death. I can just about manage to put brush to canvas, with some oil paint attached, but to think in terms of composition, I think I'm years from that. Don't get me wrong, it all makes sense what you've explained. It's just it feels like too much to take in at the mmoment.
Yellow - try rereading this post skipping all the maths bit. Also maybe take a look at the links below and see what else I've highlighted earlier about composition.
One of the reasons I'm splitting composition up into a number of different is because it's a major topic area and not one that's easily covered in one post. The trick is getting it into the right sort of 'bite-size' chunks which is why I'm always grateful for any feedback.
At the same time you can do a lot to improve what you're doing if you maybe just focus on one thing at a time.
You're not alone in thinking composition is 'difficult' - but it's one of those subjects which gives a really good payback for any artist so it's really worth investing some time.
Just take it slowly and only bite off as much as you can chew on! ;)
Good advice Katherine. One concept at a time. Love this whole series on composition, btw. Helps me to understand why my eyeball likes some better than others.
Thanks so much Katherine!!
Great post Katherine! I've been fascinated with math and my art for several years now. You might be interested in "dynamic symmetry" - both geometry and math that the ancient Greeks used in art and architecture. I've been studying work done by Jay Hambidge to apply dynamic symmetry principles to my abstract paintings!Scrap.
Shell Beach Art
Next time you are at the beach have a go at making some shell art. Easy and fun to do…
Driftwood Seahorse
If your kids like to pick up sticks take them home and make a piece of stunning art. This driftwood…
Mermaid Picnic
Throw a fun Mermaid Picnic, featuring a hot dog octopus, “ocean” cup with goldfish, a watermelon seahorse and a mermaid…This product is no longer available.
You can try these similar gifts instead.
US Navy Eagle Divers Quartz Watch
Ideal for outdoor sports, swimming, and surfing. Water resistant to 100 meters.
Ideal for outdoor sports, swimming, and surfing. Water resistant to 100 meters.
Symbolize recipient's most cherished memories, to be proudly displayedYourMemoryLane.com
Exclusive designs personalized free Preview online, order today & save!PersonalizationMall.com
Coaches & New Moms and Dads Proudly Display this on the Mantel.PersonalizedSportsBalls.com
Capture interests & quirks in a fully custom caricature.GiveAcaricature.com
All Sports. Logo or free custom designs on a variety of products.CoachGifts.comFacebook To Businesses: It’s Now Pay-To-Play For Facebook Offers
Thanks to a “free” price tag and ease of use, Facebook Offers has been popular in the small/local business community. In the next few weeks the Offers service will begin to charge a fee.
Reuters reported that merchants will now have to pay $5 on related ads to promote a Facebook offer to a targeted audience of fans and friends. Not only would this help Facebook monetize a popular feature, but also force businesses to experiment with Facebook Ads.
Gokul Rajarm, director of product management for Facebook’s advertising and Pages businesses, told Reuters:
“We think this aligns incentives nicely … the best results on Facebook Offers will come from organic distribution plus paid distribution.”
Since launching its IPO, Facebook has been under pressure to build more revenue streams. In response Facebook has launched a variety of new ad types including Promoted Profile Posts, Sponsored Results and App Ads to name a few.
It will be interesting to see if Facebook Offers continue their popularity within the SMB realm once they carry a price. This will be rolling out to all “in the coming.
- Jeff Kean
- Matt McGee
- Jeff Kean
- Top SEOCompanyBull moose splashing in the water after female moose...add your slogan or enjoy as is.
This great custom product in white from our department Men and T-Shirt category can be printed just for you in the size and style you like. The design Moose, Chasing Female was created by WorldDesign and uploaded to Spreadshirt for you to have printed on a T-Shirt. Next to a host of other great customized designs, you can find this Moose, Chasing Female design in Spreadshirt’s Wildlife category. If you are interested in topics like Anniversary or Earth Day, then you’ll love Moose, Chasing Female designs by WorldDesign. Spreadshirt also offers a huge selection of custom t-shirts, hoodies and accessories for the category Wildlife as well as top Environment clothing. WorldDesign’s designs have already impressed many of our customers, so we are sure that we’ve got right stuff for you! Spreadshirt is your destination for great designs of all kinds – whether it’s Anniversary, Earth Day or Environment. We are sure that you will find something nice in our shop, there are many amazing custom Wildlife t-shirts, hoodies, or accessories for you to find! Tags: Design ID: 10571998ARCHIVED: In Microsoft Outlook, what is AutoArchive, and how do I use it?
Note: AutoArchive is not available in versions of Outlook for Mac OS X.
AutoArchive is a feature in Outlook that moves old mail and
other items to a separate personal folder (
.pst) file on
your computer's hard drive, or a workgroup or departmental server. By
default, it will prompt you before archiving items every 14 days
and delete expired email messages from your mailbox.
The Outlook folders with AutoArchive automatically activated, along with their default aging periods, are:
- Calendar: Six months
- Tasks: Six months
- Journal: Six months
- Sent Items: Two months
- Deleted Items: Two months
The
Inbox,
Notes,
Contacts,
and
Drafts folders do not have AutoArchive activated
automatically.
Setting up AutoArchive and accessing your messages in Outlook
In Outlook 2010
- Select the folder to AutoArchive.
- From the top, select thetab.
- In the Ribbon, select.
- Choose from the following:
Outlook will then archive items based on the settings you chose.
In earlier versions of Outlook
- From themenu, select .
- Click thetab, and then click .
- Select or deselect the first checkbox to enable or disable AutoArchive. To change the settings for individual folders (e.g.,
Inbox,
Calendar,
Sent Items,
Tasks) right-click the folder and choose , and then click the tab.
Accessing messages stored by AutoArchive
In Outlook 2010, your archive folders will be listed under "Archives" in the navigation pane of your Folder List.
In Outlook 2007 and 2003, your archive folders will be listed under "Archive Folders" in the navigation pane of your Folder list.
Manually archiving folders
In addition, you can manually transfer old items to a personal folder. Outlook can archive all types of items, such as Microsoft Excel spreadsheets or Word documents, but only if these files are stored in an email folder.
- In Outlook 2010, from themenu, select and then .
- In Outlook 2007 and 2003, from themenu, select .
This is document aead.- Dead Meadow
- Dead Meadow Rocks!!!!
- Yes Oh Yes!
- Dead Meadow MP3
- Pre-ordering
- dead meadow - london
- shivering king and others
- So... Who Are These Dead Meadow People?
- First unreleased MP3 in series
- Reviews
- Dead Meadow live on WNYU 6/23 @ 6:30PM
- Any plans to extend Dead Meadow touring?
- Mercury Lounge last night
- Second in the Unreleased MP3 Series is up
- Columbus, OH show moved to new venue
- bootlegs
- web site
- Dead Meadow
- New Dead Meadow dates announced....
- live videos??
- i heard somewhere
- DM LA show
- 3rd Unreleased MP3 is posted
- DEAD MEADOW web page??
- Dead Meadow photos 8/21/03
- DEAD MEADWO MP3 for september
- Metro video
- Dead Meadow/Sophia Coppola
- dead meadow on the 27th
- New tour dates
- Dead Meadow
- Live footage posted
- New dates for '04
- New Dead Meadow dates for February
- Two Questions
- March tour dates announced!
- UK tour dates announced
- New Dead Meadow album, MP3
- New photos, bio posted
- Preorder discount on 'Feathers'
- Dead Meadow Uk Dates?
- Dead Meadow Release Party in NYC
- Tour dates with Trail Of Dead and Jennifer Gentle
- Additional Release Parties
- Got my Feathers 2LP this weekend...
- "Feathers" review
- New Dead Meadow Dates w/ Sleater-Kinney
- 4/22 date changed from Kansas City to Lawrence...
- Dead Meadow video
- Feathers review
- return to trio?
- Tour -- Any Chance?
- Dead Meadow and Black Mountain on tour in Europe
- Dead Meadow in NYC and Philly
- Anyone make it to the NY show? (Dec 8th)
- What happened to the HUGE guitar tone?
- First 2 records, reissued
- Dead Meadow West Coast Dates Cancelled
- New MP3, ticket + CD bundle in NYC, album announcement
- Review for 'Old Growth' on Ground Control
- Second Dead Meadow MP3: I'm Gone
- white vinyl!!!
- Interview with Stephen Kille on Ground Control
- Pizzicato FiveAs one of the lucky few to get an advance copy of Guaranteed to Last: L.L. Bean's Century of Outfitting America before it hits the shelves on Jan. 21, I decided to give you a preview of what's really inside this 224 page book.
In good company
Overall, I'm very impressed with the layout and depth of insight that is provided in this book. From the personal vignettes of customer satisfaction to learning about the rich history of the company and its many beloved products over the years, this book is a great read and will definitely make an excellent gift for any LL Bean lover. I guarantee it.
Skip, this is excellent.
I've often talked on my own blog about how LL Bean is a tradition in my family, and gifting LL Bean during the holidays is part of our Christmas traditions.
I would say one of my go to pieces during the year is definitely my vintage 1980s Norwegian sweater, and I was definitely out amongst the pack of bloggers that were discussing it. I'm such a small guy though, that I wish they'd bring back the women's. A men's small might be okay, if over a particularly thick oxford or flannel...
I'm looking forward to picking up this book. Do you know if it will be offered in normal book stores or will need to be purchased via LL Bean's website?
this looks great! i;m going to go pre-order it now!
Thank you for sharing Skip.
I have always been a fan of Bean gear. I am more of a stickler though (as I age) looking for goods US or EU with manufacturing origin, which kinda' reduces me to few new and (sadly) now mostly vintage.
I just had both my Bean boots resoled and boy did I miss them whilst they were in Maine.
Happy New Year.This figure shows the Role tab. It contains a Roles table and a Resources table. The Role table contains columns Role, Type, Application. There is a radio button to the left of each row that you are allowed to delete. The Roles table contains one such row: Role value fxRole, Type value Application Role, and Application value fx. The radio button for this row is selected. The Resources table contains two columns: ID and Policy. The Resources table contains one row: ID value 0 and Policy value type=<application>, action=access, server=, app=fx.Advanced Encrypting File System Data Recovery 4.1
$99.
The Solution
For each account that uses encryption, Windows creates a key file on disk, and each encrypted file links to the key file of the user account that enabled encryption. AEFSDR scans the system's drives to make a list of these key files. It also scans for encrypted files and internally matches the encrypted files with the key files it found.
Matching up the files isn't enough. AEFSDR also needs the appropriate password to decrypt the files. The password itself isn't stored in the key, but a "hash" function can identify whether a given password is the correct one for a key. If you're not sure which password was used or if files were encrypted by multiple accounts, just enter all of the passwords that might be correct and AEFDSR will try them all. If none of them work, you're out of luck. AEFDSR won't crack them for you.
On the plus side, a malefactor who steals your computer can't use it to break your encryption. Unless, that is, you left your password on a sticky note or used a dreadfully weak password like "password." AEFDSR does include a last-ditch option to check the found keys against a list of some hundred-odd common passwords. If you've totally lost your password you can give this a try. According to the help system, this can significantly slow the process of decrypting the keys in Vista and Windows Server 2008, but heyif it works, you're saved.Next: Testing File Recovery with AEFSDR
Reno, NV (PRWEB) May 05, 2014
The Bubble Mill is the preparatory step for floatation, carbon in leach, gravity separation and lixiviant extraction. Use the Bubble Mill instead of cone mills and tertiary mills, an expensive, messy, dusty, dry method of ultra fine grinding ore. The Bubble Mill is a cheaper (no grinding parts to wear), no mess, no dust and no dust handling equipment, no personal protective equipment, no fugitive dust emission issues, no grinding or milling consumption and the process ultra fine grinds in water – every other step, like floatation, is in a aqueous solution of some sort.
This includes eliminating the costs and hassles of dry ultra fine grinding fugitive dust emission testing and control, OSHA air testing requirements, personal protective equipment and respiratory protection, shutdown production losses due to dust control system failures and the physical and chemical hazardous of dust reaching the LEL, (lower explosive limit) or exceeding OSHA PEL (permissible exposure limits.)
The B9 Bubble Mill process and Micron Gold Amenability Test method were both proven effective at the bench scale and optimized during the processing of ten unique gold ores. The ore samples were obtained from four separate mining companies and from sites located in Nevada, Brazil, Nicaragua and Chile. The results of these process trials and assays prove that the B9 Bubble Mill is an integrated, cost-effective, zero-emission alternative to conventional stand alone ore micron milling and oxidation solutions.
•The B9 Bubble Mill reduces ores with heterogeneous hardness to industry standard particle size distributions cost effectively. Process trials indicate higher slurry densities will enable scaling with improved performance and reduced cost.
•Carbonaceous compounds are effectively removed from processed ore and are converted to fuel gasses, significantly reducing the cost of ore oxidation. Cinnabar containing ores that do not respond favorable to conventional oxidation due to re-encapsulation of gold post roasting are effectively oxidized without precious metal content loss – the gold and silver remain free and extractable.
•B9 Bubble Mill processed sulfide and other types of ores assay with significant increases in both detectable and extractable gold and silver.
•The B9 Bubble Mill process can fractionate whole ore yielding a concentrate with significantly increased detectable and extractable gold and silver.
•Sulfide, including cinnabar, and carbonaceous ores are highly amenable to the B9 Bubble Mill process, particularly ores with low or no detectable or extractable gold or silver content. Processed low value ores assay with up to ten times the initial detectable and extractable gold content.
Auction is scheduled for May 20 thru May 22, 201. To view the lot, Lot# 1234.
IpAuctions™ Inc. is the leading online auction firm specializing in the worldwide sale of intellectual property assets. The 13 year old firm has a proprietary international database of over 10,000 U.S. and foreign online: dfoote(at)ipauctions(dot)com.The big guys might have held back in order not to offend the populace, but the numbers do not lie: Financial-services workers collected more than $20 billion in bonuses in 2009, the Year of the Bailout, which is 17 percent more than last year. New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli tried to explain to the AP why this news was both happy and sad: ”Wall Street is vital to New York’s economy, and the dollars generated by the industry help the state’s bottom line," he said. "But for most Americans, these huge bonuses are a bitter pill and hard to comprehend. Taxpayers bailed them out, and now they’re back making money while many New York families are still struggling to make ends meet.” Then he added, "It's because life isn't fair." (No, he didn't.) [AP via NYT]
Wall Street Bonuses Up 17 Percent
The big guys might have cut back this year, but overall, bonuses were up.The Alice Austen House Annual Gala supports our education initiatives and all of the arts programming we offer throughout the year.
Rhapsody & Views
30th Anniversary Gala
Saturday, June 20, 2015
6:30 - 11:30 p.m.
You are cordially invited to
Rhapsody & Views
Alice Austen House
30th Anniversary Gala
Join us for an elegant, Jazz Age inspired evening
on the spectacular waterfront grounds of the
Alice Austen House
2 Hylan Boulevard, Staten Island, NY 10305
Saturday, June 20 2015
Cocktails 6:30pm
Dinner and Dancing 7:30pm – 11:30pm
$185 Per Person - Purchase tickets online below.
Formal Attire Requested
Valet Parking
Cocktail Music provided by Jeannine Otis and friends
Live Dance Music by John Castellano’s Good & Plenty
Catering by Framboise
Alice Austen Award
for the Advancement of Photography
presented to
LaToya Ruby Frazier
Contemporary American Artist
Honoring
Paul Moakley
Deputy Director of Photography and Visual Enterprise, TIME
Caretaker and Curator, Alice Austen House
Recognizing
Margaret (Peggy) Riggs Buckwalter (1920-2014)
President & Executive Director at the museum’s founding
And the many individuals who have been instrumental in
preserving the home and legacy of Alice Austen
Gala Committee
Honorary Gala Chair: Alice B. Diamond
Co-Chairs: Caroline Ferreri • Donna Hakim
Members: Dorri L. Aspinwall • Nancy Myers Benbow • Jo-Ann Callan
Charles DeStefano • Marie M. Fargas • David Goldfarb • Carl Ludders
Billee Seffern-Ludders, PhD • Rev. Richard Marchand • Varun Sanyal
Elizabeth Sollazzo • John Sollazzo • Jack Turner • Alex Van CliefRegression.
With that in mind, here are two oil-services firms that substantially underperformed the overall market in the past year, but should have a much brighter 2013. Both also have had insider buying recently.
Oil States International (OIS) sells specialty products and services to oil-and-gas companies worldwide. It is unusual among oil-services firms, as a good portion of its business is in providing workforce accommodation services for people working in remote locations. The stock is down some 10% from where it started the year, and is off some 20% from its highs earlier in the year.
Here are four reasons Oil States is undervalued at $70 a share:
1. The company has beat earnings estimates each of the last six quarters, and the stock sells for less than 9x forward earnings, a discount to its five-year average of 11.9x.
2. A director made a $900,000 purchase 10 days ago, the first insider buy of 2012.
3. The median price target, from the 15 analysts who cover the stock, is $93 a share. Standpoint Research and MLV initiated the shares as a Buy over the past six weeks.
4. The company grew revenue by more than 20% in 2012 due to some strategic acquisitions and organic growth. As for its price-to-earnings ratio relative to growth (PEG), the stock sports a five-year projected reading of 0.51 -- in the attractive under-1 territory.
Weatherford International (WFT) sells equipment and services used in the drilling, evaluation, completion, production and intervention of oil and natural gas wells. The stock has vastly underperformed the S&P 500 in 2012 and is down some 40% from its yearly highs.
Here are four reasons WFT has solid upside from $10.50 a share:
1. Several insiders have bought more than 150,000 shares in numerous transactions over November and December.
2. The stock is selling at the bottom of its five-year valuation range, based on its price-to-sales, price-to-cash-flow and price-to-book ratios.
3. Weatherford should earn just over $0.70 a share for 2012, but analysts project earnings per share of more than $1 next year. The stock sells for 10x forward earnings, a discount to its five-year average of 15.9x.
4. Weatherford has a cheap five-year projected PEG of .50, and sells for just 91% of book value.Run universities, put on their burkas and stay at home. The emergency was prompted by the small matter of a judge retiring from the US Supreme Court.
Peter: I hear they’re going to legalize rape.
Me: Yeah, see, that’s why Bush broke the levees in New Orleans. He wanted to do a test case, see what society will look like.
Peter: It all makes sense now!I highly recommend this book for both its entertainment value and its educational content.
If you have the time, Enjoy a good book!
PRESERVE PROTECT & DEFEND – by Cameron C Taylor
It’s 2056 and America is on the ropes. The former middle class are now living in tent cities and under bridges. The economy is in ruins and the banksters are demanding payment. The nation has become a near police state and everything is to be feared. Vice President Aaron Banner knows that huge conspiracies are in place and events leading to the public awareness that America has been taken over by the NWO are well under way. Aaron Banner is an oddity inside the Beltway, the fiftieth vice president is a staunch Constitutionalist. While speaking at a commencement ceremony VP Banner is shot multiple times and slips into a coma.
While comatose, Aaron has a vision of a meeting of great Patriots of American history. Washington, Adams, Jefferson, Franklin, and many others are seated at a table. At this meeting Banner is taught the essence of Constitutional Republican Government. It is up to Vice President Aaron Banner to lead the charge to restore the Republic. Can he?
“…..This man lived and died a patriot. His father, John, was a soldier in the Revolutionary War, and he wanted to serve as well. He was a congressional representative from the state of Tennessee for six years, and he took seriously his oath of office.
On October 31, 1835 he left Tennessee for Texas to help in it’s fight for freedom. He arrived at the Alamo on February 23. The Alamo forces only consisted of approximately two hundred patriots. On the other hand by the twelfth day of battle the Mexican forces attacking the mission were reported to be more that four thousand.
“The small band of patriots held off the Mexican army for thirteen days. Giving the Texas revolutionaries the time to gather troops and defeat the Mexicans and gain independence…
Davy Crockett fought to preserve the freedoms of the US Constitution and at the age of 49 he made the ultimate sacrifice at the Battle of the Alamo.
Davy Crockett stood up and began,”There are many at this table much more qualified to speak than I. I studied the lives and teachings of the men at this table during my service as a member of the US House of Representatives. I have been asked to share a story from my time as a congressman that teaches some of the principles of limited government.”
“One winter evening while standing on the steps of the Capitol I and other members of congress saw a large fire coming from Georgetown. We rode as fast as we could. But when we got there many houses were burned and many families were made homeless.
The next morning a bill was introduced appropriating $20,000 ($400,000 TODAY!) for their relief. We put aside the business of government and rushed it through as fast as it could be done.
The following summer, while working for reelection I stopped to talk to a farmer in my district. The man turned back to his plow and was about to start off when I said, “Don’t be in a hurry my friend.
The man replied, “I know who you are Colonel Crockett… I shall not vote for you again.”
I asked what the problem was, to which the farmer replied, “You gave a vote last winter which shows that either you have not the capacity to understand the Constitution, or that you are wanting in honesty. In either case you are not the man to represent me. If the Constitution is to be worth anything, it must be held sacred and rigidly observed in all its provisions.”
Davy Crockett responded, “I do not remember any vote upon a constitutional question. You must be mistaken.”
The man replied, “No, Colonel, there’s no mistake. Last winter you voted for a bill to appropriate $20,000 to some sufferers by a fire in Georgetown.
Crockett answered, “Well, my friend, I may as well own up. Yes, I did, but certainly nobody will complain that a great and rich country like ours should give the insignificant sum to relieve the suffering women and children. I’m sure if you had been there you would have done just the same.”
The farmer replied, “It’s not the amount Colonel that I complain of,, it’s the principle. The power of collecting and disbursing money at pleasure is the most dangerous power that can be entrusted to man. You see, while you are contributing to relieve one you are taking it from thousands..
Crockett’s reply was, “…if I ever vote for another unconstitutional law I wish that I may be shot.”
(THE LIFE OF COLONEL DAVID CROCKETT, by Edward S. Ellis 1884, pp138-148)
Blend a little fact with a fictitious narrative and the result is a page turner of a new novel. The novel is PRESERVE PROTECT & DEFEND by Cameron C. Taylor (ISBN 978 0 9796861 3 9). Taylor weaves a compelling tale right out of today’s headlines with a solid foundational study of the Constitution.What we don’t need is a one-size-fits-all policy from on high that treats texters, handheld and hands-free cell phone users the same.
The five-member National Transportation Safety Board voted unanimously recently to urge all 50 states to ban all cell phone use by drivers.
While we appreciate their perspective and agree that it’s risky to use cell phones while driving, we’re glad that five people are incapable of setting policy for 300-million-plus Americans across our very diverse nation.
Fact is, we think Georgia has it about right: Texting is banned for all drivers, and talking on cell phones is prohibited for drivers under 18.
And while we’re nonplussed that – once again – South Carolina legislators are way behind the curve, and haven’t outlawed texting, the beauty of this country’s governing structure is the freedom of states to fashion their own solutions to problems. That encourages innovation while leaving room for flexibility, common sense and local sensibilities and conditions.
We do think texting while driving is one of the most dangerous components of modern life, pure and simple. Can you imagine plopping a Royal typewriter down on your lap and typing out a letter while careening down the road? Well, the chief difference is simply the size and swiftness of the machine; there is no discernible difference in the danger of the two.
Some 35 states outlaw texting while driving. The others are sure to follow.
But banning all cell phone use? Much less likely.
For one thing, it may be too ingrained in our society. Much business gets done on cell phones, often in vehicles. Going back may be hopeless.
For another thing, there’s cell phone use and then there’s cell phone use. Talking on the phone is nowhere near as consuming as texting. And hands-free phone use is even less consuming than handheld.
As for hands-free, banning that would be ludicrous – as there’s hardly any difference between that and chatting with someone in the passenger seat. Are they going to ban that too?
It’s a good idea to avoid talking on cell phones, especially handheld, while driving. We strongly endorse it. But there are a lot of good ideas that a free people need not have forced upon them. Should the government also tell us what to eat (it increasingly is), what to wear, what habits to quit?
The government simply cannot reduce the risks in life to zero. It can help try to eliminate the worst of them, such as texting – and, indeed, a horrific texting crash in Missouri was cited in the NTSB’s cell-ban recommendation (even though Missouri already outlaws texting while driving). But there are other calculated risks in life that the government has little chance to eliminate. And the fact is, the overwhelming majority of cell phone users are doing just fine.
It’s always a delicate balance between security and freedom in a country such as ours. But in most cases, we err on the side of liberty.
The more that distracted drivers endanger others, the more likely it is we’ll lose freedom.Hacking America's Secrets: China's Doing It Right
We were shocked today to read a CBS News report that reveals that only a handful of hacker teams are responsible for most China-based data theft. And the worst part? The Chinese government is backing them.
Most of the attacks are against the U.S. government, but private companies are also at risk. Defense companies and other critical industries, including energy and finance, have seen a huge uptick in hacking attempts in the last few year, CBS found.
While most attacks that seek to steal credit card of financial information originate in Eastern Europe or Russia, analysts say those that are after intellectual property or classified data usually come from China.
According to CBS, examples of.
Although industry experts and analysts have been calling for increased attention to the problem, the current system offers no punishment for Chinese hackers who attack the U.S. Even when a specific IP address -- or individual -- is known to have been involved in a cyberattack, officials have no power or authority to file charges.
In the meantime, China is privy to a staggering amount of information that affects every level of our lives. Hopefully, policymakers will begin working to stop this information-drain sooner rather than later.
Read the rest of the fascinating article here.
The Mixed Open was cancelled due to poor weather conditions and has been re-scheduled to Sunday 26th July 2015
21-05-2015 Match News
There are spaces available for this years Invitational on Sunday May 21st June. The sheet is with...Read more
21-05-2015 Ralston Golf Club General News
Well Ladies what a great day and night we had on Saturday. Way beyond my expectations. I am s...Read more
20-05-2015 Ralston Golf Club General News
Qualifiers for Saturday Medal Finals 2015 Saturday 30th May Click here to download...Read more
20-05-2015 Ralston Golf Club General News
J and B Logue Start sheet posted in locker rooms. There are still spaces available for gents, ple...Read more
20-05-2015 Ralston Golf Club General News
Draw for Texas scramble here and also posted in locker room click here to download...Read more
20-05-2015 Ralston Golf Club General News
Congradulations to John McDowall on winning the Tuesday Medals final and also winning the medal w...Read more
19-05-2015 Match News
See attached notice re registration evening on Wednesday 20th May (apologies for late notice!) ...Read more
13-05-2015 Ralston Golf Club General News
Tuesday medals final will be played on 19th May. Please click the link to see the list of qualifi...Read more
11-05-2015 Match News
Well done to Thomas Kerrigan with a magnificent net 66 in difficult conditions. Fu...Read more
10-05-2015 Match News
Result for 9 May is as follows:- files/May_9_2015_1st_Champ_Qual_result.pdf ...Read more
07-05-2015 Members News
The golf season is now fully underway, the Masters has been and gone and now we are tryi...Read more
05-05-2015 Ladies Members News
What a terrible day Sunday was. Rain rain and even more rain. Sadly the mixed open had as you...Read more
04-05-2015 Ladies Members News
FAO Lady Full Members Saturday Competitions, open to all ladies, will a...Read more
04-05-2015 Ralston Golf Club General News
The Mixed Open was cancelled due to poor weather conditions and has now been re-scheduled to Sund...Read more
03-05-2015 Match News
The results from the Spring Meeting are as follows:- files/2_May_2015_Spring_Meeti...Read more
The Mixed Open was cancelled due to poor weather conditions and has been re-scheduled to Sunday 26th July 2015
Open Mixed Greensomes-Sunday 3rd May 2015. As a consideration to members, the Organising committee are offering...
Tuesday Night Special. This week (tonight) will be 'Surf & Turf' for only £6 Next weeks theme will be Italian. Please book at the bar.
22nd May 2015
John & Bette Logue Trophy (Shotgun) Course Closed 5.15
23rd May 2015
Gents' Optional Medal TNR
23rd May 2015
Ladies' 2nd Rd Championship Qualifier TR 9.24/9.33/9.42/11.57/ 2.30
23rd May 2015 12:00 pm - 11:59 pm
Junior(Douglas Forsyth Summer Meeting) TR 1.00-1.45
23rd May 2015 6:00 pm - 11:00 pm
PF: RL/SR 7.00pm-12.30am-G.McCrea
24th May 2015
Gents'Texas Scramble-TR 8.00-12.30
Rory McIlroy, six strokes behind leader Francesco Molinari, admits to...
Masters champion Jordan Spieth ties for the lead after the...
Padraig Harrington pulls out of this week's BMW PGA Championship...
Scotland's Stephen Gallacher pulls out of the PGA Championship at...
Figures show Tiger Woods is responsible for 70% of complaints...
Rory McIlroy faces being fined by the European Tour after...
Colin Montgomerie has made a strong start to the defence...
The European Tour has secured the future of the Race...
Jordan Spieth holed out from 20 feet on the final...
Leaderboard updates from day two of the BMW PGA Championship...'The Dodecahedron Explained' printed from
Show menu
What is the shortest distance through the centre of a regular dodecahedron between the centres of opposite faces? This
problem
first appeared in November 1997 and the solution to the alternative problem for the shortest route on the surface of the dodecahedron was published in December. Well done Luke both for the mathematical work and for the quality of your exposition. We hope this will inspire other students.
Let $O$ be the centre of 3 spheres: the circumsphere (through the vertices), the midsphere (through the midpoints of the edges) and the insphere (which touches the faces at their centres). These have radii $r_0$, $r_1$ and $r_2$ respectively. Hence our problem is to find $2r_2$. Let the side length of the dodecahedron be 1 unit.
Consider a face with vertices $A_1$, $A_2$, $\ldots$, $A_5$. Let $M$ be the midpoint of $A_1 A_2$ and the centre of this face be $C$. Let $Q$ be the foot of the perpendicular from $M$ onto $A_1 O$. Now $A_1 O=r_0$, $O M=r_1$, $O C=r_2$.
Note that
$\angle A_1 M C=\frac{\pi}{2}$ ($A_1 A_2 C$ isosceles; $M$ is midpoint of base $A_1 A_2$),
$\angle O C M=\frac{\pi}{2}$ (sphere centre $O$, radius $O C$ touches plane $A_1 M C$ at $C$), and
$\angle A_1 M O=\frac{\pi}{2}$ ($O M$ is altitude of triangle $A_1 O A_2$).
Also, $\angle A_1 C M=\frac{\pi}{5}$ by considering angles at the centre $C$ of the pentagon $A_1 A_2 A_3 A_4 A_5$.
Let $A_1 O M=\theta$.
We consider the triangle formed by the midpoints of the 3 edges from $A_1$ (let these be $L$, $M$, $N$, with $M$ the midpoint of $A_1 A_2$) and the quadrilateral $C M A_1 N$:
These points are concyclic, so $\angle N A_1 M=\pi - \angle N C M =\pi-\frac{2\pi}{5}$ (by considering angles at the centre of $A_1 A_2 A_3 A_4 A_5$).
In isosceles triangle $A_1 M N$, $$ \angle A_1 N M=\frac{1}{2}(\pi-\angle N A_1 M)=\frac{\pi}{5}. $$ By the sine rule, $$ \frac{A_1 M}{\sin\frac{\pi}{5}}=\frac{M N}{\sin\left( \pi-\frac{2\pi}{5}\right)} $$ but $A_1 M=\frac{1}{2}$, i.e., $$ \frac{\sin\frac{2\pi}{5}}{2\sin\frac{\pi}{5}}=M N, $$ therefore \begin{equation} M N =\cos\frac{\pi}{5}. \end{equation} Now clearly plane $L M N$ is perpendicular to $O A_1$, so the centre of triangle $L M N$ is $Q$, foot of the perpendicular from $M$ to $O A_1$. Hence triangle $L M N$ has radius $Q M=\frac{1}{2}\cos\theta$ by simple trig. But from expression 1 and the fact that triangle $L M N$ is equilateral we have that $$ Q M=\frac{1}{\sqrt{3}}\cdot M N=\frac{\cos\frac{\pi}{5}}{\sqrt{3}}. $$ Equating these two expressions, $$ \cos\theta=\frac{2}{\sqrt{3}}\cos\frac{\pi}{5}. $$ Hence \begin{eqnarray} \sin\theta & = & \sqrt{(1-\cos^2\theta)}\\ & = & \sqrt{1-\frac{4}{3}\cos^2\frac{\pi}{5}}\\ & = & \sqrt{\frac{3-4\cos^2\frac{\pi}{5}}{3}}. \end{eqnarray} Now $r_1=\frac{1}{2}\cot\theta$ by simple trig in triangle $O A_1 M$,
and $r_2^2=r_1^2-\left(\frac{1}{2}\cot\frac{\pi}{5}\right)^2$ in triangle $O C M$, so \begin{eqnarray} r_2^2 & = & \frac{cos^2\theta}{4\sin^2\theta}-\frac{\cos^2\frac{\pi}{5}}{4 \sin^2\frac{\pi}{5}}\\ & = & \frac{\frac{4}{3}\cos^2\frac{\pi}{5}}{4\left(\frac{3-4\cos^2 \frac{\pi}{5}}{3}\right)}-\frac{\cos^2\frac{\pi}{5}}{4\sin^2\frac{\pi}{5}}. \end{eqnarray} So \begin{eqnarray} 4r_2^2 & = & 4\cos^2\frac{\pi}{5}\left(\frac{1}{3-4\cos^2\frac{\pi}{5}}- \frac{1}{4\sin^2\frac{\pi}{5}}\right)\\ & = & 4\cos^2\frac{\pi}{5}\left(\frac{4\sin^2\frac{\pi}{5}-3+4\cos^2 \frac{\pi}{5}}{\left(3-4\cos^2\frac{\pi}{5}\right)\left(4\sin^2\frac{\pi} {5}\right)}\right)\\ & = & \frac{\cos^2\frac{\pi}{5}}{\sin^2\frac{\pi}{5}}\cdot\frac{1}{3- 4\cos^2\frac{\pi}{5}}, \end{eqnarray} i.e. $$ 2r_2=\cot\frac{\pi}{5}\sqrt{\frac{1}{3-4\cos^2\frac{\pi}{5}}}. $$ Use $\cos\frac{\pi}{5}=\frac{1+\sqrt{5}}{4}$ to find $2r_2=\cot\frac{\pi}{5}\cdot\frac{1+\sqrt{5}}{2}$,
i.e., the required distance is $$ \left(\cot\frac{\pi}{5}\right)\left(\frac{1+\sqrt{5}}{2}\right) $$ or $$ \sqrt{\frac{11+5\sqrt{5}}{2\sqrt{5}}}\approx 2.23 \; \mathrm{units}. $$The Annual Judaic Studies “Lunch & Learn” Series Begins Its 12th YearSubmitted by Debra Goldstein on February 22, 2010
On Friday, January 29, 2010, at 12:30 p.m., Dr. Ellen Umansky began this year’s annual 10-week “Lunch & Learn” course co-sponsored by the Jewish Community Center of Eastern Fairfield County and the Carl and Dorothy Bennett Center for Judaic Studies, Fairfield University.
This year’s topic is “Textually Speaking: Modern Jewish Perspectives on Judaism and Jewish Self-Identity.” Running until the end of April at the Dolan School of Business, the course attracts men and women from the surrounding community to explore this topic with Dr. Umansky through lectures and a series of primary source readings.
The first session welcomed 70 attendees and examined Jewish self-identity at the dawn of the Enlightenment, as Jews began participating and acculturating into the larger surrounding community. Future sessions will explore:
- Zionist identity
- The writings of Martin Buber, I.B. Singer, and Eli Wiesel
- The impact of intermarriage
“Lunch & Learn” is also open free of charge to Fairfield University faculty and staff. For details, contact Elaine Bowman in the Bennett Center, 245 Donnarumma Hall, x2066.
Tiny URL for this post:
Discussion – No Comments
There are no responses to "The Annual Judaic Studies “Lunch & Learn” Series Begins Its 12th Year". Comments are closed for this post.Despite Political Shift in Congress, Employers Insist They Want Health Care Reform
“A year ago, I would have been very hard-pressed to see a way for the [U.S.] Chamber of Commerce not to support health care reform,” said James Gelfand, senior manager for health policy at the chamber. “We had members clamoring to do health care reform. I couldn’t imagine not being supportive. Then we saw the health reform bills.”
The opposition among employers to the health care reform bills passed by the House and Senate late last year helped galvanize national opposition that perhaps culminated Tuesday, January 19, in a surprising Senate victory by a Republican in Massachusetts—a state that knows firsthand the fiscal trouble that results from implementing health care reform without cost controls.
The election of Scott Brown to the Senate seat vacated by the death of Sen. Ted Kennedy, a liberal who called health care reform his life’s work, has upended the health reform process by shattering the Democrats’ filibuster-proof majority.
Democrats now must choose from an array of unpalatable options. They include ramming through a politically toxic health reform bill before Brown is sworn in, giving up on health care reform altogether, or starting again.
The defeat of the bill might give employers what they wished for, but it would be a Pyrrhic victory if efforts to control costs are lost along with the current health reform legislation.
“What we’ve always wished for is a sensible, practical, bipartisan health reform bill,” said Paul Dennett, senior vice president for health policy at the American Benefits Council. “This may be the wake-up call that nudges the legislation in the right direction.”
Democratic leaders have vowed to push on with current health reform legislation, though some Democratic senators have cautioned them to heed the public’s souring support for reform. Much will depend on the leadership provided by President Barack Obama during his State of the Union address next week, analysts say.
“Just as this week all eyes were on Massachusetts, all eyes now are going to be on the president’s address to Congress,” Dennett said.
Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada, said the Senate wouldn't act on a final health care bill before Brown is sworn in.
"First of all, we're not going to rush into anything," Reid told reporters at a January 20 Capitol Hill press conference.
Employers would like to see a do-over. Already, they are beginning to outline what a new vision of health care reform might look like, focusing on reforms that are widely supported. But the toughest issues persist.
Foremost on their list are measures that would improve the quality of health care and reduce its cost. By and large, those efforts are already under way, though health reform legislation contained funding to expand pilot programs to change the way care is paid for. The legislation would also have established more research into comparing the value of various medical treatments.
Provisions with broad-based support are ones that aim to change the way insurance companies operate. The public and members of Congress widely support changes that would prohibit insurance companies from denying or limiting people’s coverage. But guaranteeing people coverage could lead to “free riders” who buy coverage only after they become sick.
The cure for this policy conundrum has been—as was the case in 2006 when Massachusetts passed its own version of health care reform—to require all individuals to purchase health coverage. It is a policy fraught with consequences, not least of which is forcing people to buy coverage they cannot afford and then offering subsidies that the state or federal government also cannot afford.
All of this underscores why changes in the nation’s health care system never come easy, if they come at all.
The last time Democrats attempted health care reform was 17 years ago. While a complete overhaul was defeated, Dennett points out that piecemeal changes were subsequently made: The HIPAA law protects people with previous health insurance coverage from being denied coverage when they change health plans; a mental health parity act was passed; and in 2003, President George W. Bush signed a prescription drug benefit for seniors.
If health care reform is shot down nationally because of the Massachusetts election, it will be for similar reasons that reform has begun to fail the people of Massachusetts, said Steve Wojcik, vice president of public policy for the National Business Group on Health.
The state changed its insurance laws and required everyone to purchase insurance. In its effort to help people afford insurance, it began to offer subsidies that have since been scaled back because the state did not reduce the cost of health care before expanding coverage.
To expand coverage at the federal level without reducing costs “creates more complexities down the road,” Wojcik said.
“Sooner or later legislators have to deal with the real issue,” Wojcik said. “They need to go face to face with doctors, hospitals and the associations that represent them and say we need to fundamentally revamp the way we pay you guys. Not just Medicaid and Medicare, but the private sector can’t afford this anymore. That’s what they really need to do.”
Stay informed and connected. Get human resources news and HR features via Workforce Management's Twitter feed or RSS feeds for mobile devices and news readers.JUNEAU — At 81-years-old, Edna Leamer has been a caregiver since the age of 14, when her mother died. As the oldest of five children, born in Billings Mont., she naturally took on the maternal role.
She began working as a nursing aide at age 16 and moved to Spokane, Wash. at 17, where she continued working in nursing despite getting married and beginning her role as a mother herself. She is still acting as a nurse at the Pioneer Home today and finds that her age can be a real advantage when it comes to relating to the residents and gaining their trust.
When Leamer began her tenure at the Pioneer Home in 1988, the year it opened, many residents joined them in their late 60s and early 70s. These days, Leamer says, many residents are in their 90’s when they start at the Pioneer Home. Though she moved to Juneau in 1986 to start working at St. Ann’s Hospital, where she was director of nursing, the Pioneer Home was a much better fit.
“I always had an affinity for older people,” she recalled, continuing with a laugh, “now I am one.”
Due to her mother’s death, she didn’t finish high school, instead, at a later date, she earned her GED before enrolling in a certified nursing program at the insistence of a friend.
“You are a nurse,” insisted the friend, “You need to be a nurse, you are a nurse.”
Though Leamer suggested she might have studied something else, perhaps English, if things had been different, nursing seemed to be the path she was meant for.
At 4 years old, Leamer’s grandfather died from tuberculosis, the same disease that later claimed her mother’s life. She recalls being at the hospital where her grandfather was in the care of Catholic nuns and declaring that she wanted to be a nurse when she grew up, just like the sisters.
She was certified as a nursing assistant in 1947 after completing the training program at the Deaconess Hospital in Spokane. She expressed surprise at the lack of training and certification in Alaska when she first arrived, nearly 20 years after her own certification. During her brief tenure at St. Ann’s Hospital, she helped to organize a training program for nursing aides. Several agencies have stepped up to handle training and certification since; the University of Alaska Southeast currently offers CNA training in partnership with Wildflower Court and the Pioneer Home.
Early in her career, her choice of nursing as a path was tested. She recalls the more primitive methods in surgery and care. Specifically, she recalled helping a woman from her bed very shortly after surgery, surprisingly shortly after surgery, and having the woman collapse and die in her arms from a pulmonary embolism. Many would have been horrified and through with nursing, said Leamer, but she felt it was a privilege to provide care and help people in their last stages of life.
Leamer worked for 18 years as a Certified Nurse Aide (CNA), but was later sponsored to attend a nursing program through the University of Washington to become a Licensed Practical Nurse with a focus on geriatric care. With all her experience as a caregiver, it came naturally to her.
She also completed a bachelor’s degree through Gonzaga University in Spokane, graduating in 1993. One of the perks of her visits to the university was its proximity to her family still living in the area. She would visit once each term and stay longer to spend time with them.
In 1999, she retired after 10 years serving as the director of assisted living. During her retirement, which lasted only three years, she was still playing the role of caregiver, helping a family member through illness. The draw to help people must have been too great, because after her hiatus from the Pioneer Home, she began employment with the home again on an on-call basis. Five years ago, she resumed a regular schedule at the home, where she continues to work as a nurse, but in a lesser role than before her retirement.
Leamer thinks very highly of the Pioneer Home and its staff, from the women who were there from the start, including Mary Stroeing, who works at Harborview Hospital in Seattle, and Margaret Coltice, who was the director of nursing at the start, to the nurse practicioner, nurses and CNAs who tend to residents now. Leamer admits that she isn’t very good with computers, so the younger nurses and CNAs “fill in for (her) weaknesses” while she continues to focus on what she feels she does best, caring for the residents. She speaks highly of the quality of care for residents and the support to family.
Many may be surprised that Leamer has been working so hard for so long, and might be further surprised to know that she is nearly deaf, with only 8% word recognition in her good ear. She hopes to be a candidate for a cochlear implant, which she should discover later this year. Leamer also plans to retire soon, after so many years of service. She’d like to have the opportunity to spend more time with her family. Leamer, together with her husband, Patrick, have 12 children — six each from previous marriages — more than 20 grandchildren, and a dozen great grandchildren. Leamer’s siblings are also still living. She hopes to travel and spend time with them, showering them with the care and attention so many others have been fortunate to receive over the years.
Leamer seems to have inspired some other caregivers in her family; she is very proud of her daughter who dedicated her life to teaching and a granddaughter, Jessica Schmitz, who works with her at the Pioneer Home.
“I really hope I’m still around to see her complete nursing school,” said Leamer of her granddaughter, “I’m sure I will be.”Reference project
blueplanet 3502xi inverters bring solar energy to Hollywood hills
Actor Thomas Kretschmann owns an 8 kW residential PV system with inverters by KACO new energy. He says that an essential part of the energy revolution is being a strong role model for the next generations.
> view more reference projects
Press release
The UK’s largest solar roof uses KACO new energy inverters
In a de-centralised system design, Powador 60.0 TL3 and 18.0 TL3 solar PV inverters are being used to take care of the self-use from the 6.1 megawatt PV array on a distribution centre of the British retail chain Marks & Spencer.
> learn more
Press release
Revolutionary inverter concept wins German innovation prize
With the Ultraverters blueplanet flex and blueplanet flexgate, KACO new energy has combined the advantages of micro- and string inverters in a completely new "AC serial switching" system architecture.
> learn moreBetty sighs as they arrive at the fancy dress party. Stephen has made her worry. Stephen squeezes Betty's hand as they walk towards the restaurant. "Ready?" he whispers in her ear as he reaches for the handle on the front door.
"I suppose so." Betty says as she takes a deep breath. She walks in the door and then waits for Stephen to join her.
Stephen takes Betty's hand as they walk towards the Grace Brothers' table. All their colleagues are there waiting for them. Betty smiles shakily.
"There you are, Peacock! We were getting worried that you weren't coming! Oh, Mrs Slocombe, you've arrived too! Good now we can start!" Cuthbert Rumboldt says excitedly.
Miss Shirley Brahms stares in a surprised manner at Mrs Slocombe. Her body language towards Captain Peacock has altered. "Mrs Slocombe," Shirley says suddenly. "Are you and Captain Peacock a couple?"
Betty smiles at Shirley. "Why do you ask, Miss Brahms?" Betty asks as she and Stephen slid into the booth.
"You were holding hands when you came in. I know you two are good friends, but that is not typical behaviour for the two of you." Shirley says cheekily.
"You're right, Miss Brahms. This isn't our usual behaviour at work, but we're not at work. Yes, we are in a relationship. Sue me for not telling you all earlier." Captain Peacock says as he reads the drinks list after pulling his glasses out of his inside pocket.
"That's disgusting!" Mr. Lucas exclaims. "I did not need to know that!"
"Mr. Lucas grow up! There's nothing wrong with older people getting together as a couple!" Captain Peacock says heatedly.
"Can I get you people some drinks?" the waitress asks when she comes over.
"I'll have a whisky and soda." Mr. Rumboldt says curtly.
"I'll have a cosmopolitan." Mr Humpheries says sweetly.
"I'll have a glass of chardonnay, please." Miss Brahms asks politely.
"I'll have a pint of Guinness." Mr. Lucas says trying to stay calm.
"I'll have a gin and tonic, please." Mrs. Slocombe says.
"I'll have a gin and tonic as well, please." Captain Peacock says passing the waitress the drinks menu.
"Oh, God, they're even drinking the same drink now. That is slightly disturbing." Miss Brahms says burying her face in her hands.
"I can't believe all this. I thought at least some of you would be happy for us and I am unanimous in that." Mrs Slocombe says with incredulity.
"It may just take some time for us to get used to the situation, Mrs Slocombe. After all we've only just found out about all this." Mr Rumboldt tries to calm the situation and for once he doesn't bungle the whole thing.
"Well, you could at least try to be happy for us. We're always supportive when any of you get into a new relationship or get out of a bad relationship. We would just appreciate the same consideration from all of you." Mrs Slocombe tries to explain.
"It's not that we're not happy for you, Mrs Slocombe. We're just trying to process all of this. It was a very sudden announcement by you and Captain Peacock. We're slow to react to many things and men are particularly slow to react to emotional matters, especially British men." Mr. Rumboldt tries to defend himself against Mrs Slocombe's bad temper.
"Mr. Rumboldt, you've always made it perfectly clear that we aren't to engage in interpersonal relationships with other members of staff and now you're saying you're alright this? It doesn't sound like you." Captain Peacock sounds upset.
"You're a sweet couple, Mrs Slocombe, but Captain Peacock never seemed to like you before, so it's not a surprise that we're all a little shocked at the way your relationship has changed." Miss Brahms says gently. She doesn't want Mrs Slocombe to be angry. They still have to work together after this.
"Have you had time to read the menu?" their waitress asks as she approaches the table.
"Not really. Our apologies, we just got some very big news from someone at the table and we've been processing it. If you come back in 5 minutes we should be ready to order." Mr Rumboldt apologizes to the young waitress who looks frustrated. "I hate having to do that. It makes waitresses very upset."
"Well, we were having a very serious conversation. It was more important than deciding what to have for dinner. Mrs Slocombe and Captain Peacock had some explaining to do and I for one feel much better now that I know the whole story." Mr Lucas says plainly.
"I'm so happy for you Mrs Slocombe! You deserve every happiness, really." Mr Humpheries says excitedly.If There's A Puzzle, Yo, He'll Solve It Erin Gloria Ryan and 39 othersEditDelete InviteInvite manuallyPromoteXDismissXUndismissBlock for jezebelHide Fifteen year old Australian Felicks Zemdegs can solve a Rubik's Cube puzzle in 6.7 seconds, which is less time than it takes you to drunkenly sext your high school boyfriend during a moment of intense loneliness. » 11/14/10 2:30pm 11/14/10 2:30pmSkyline.
Skyline isn’t an example of two big studios firing off similar movies at each other like those films mentioned earlier. Skyline is a big studio offering at all. Quite the opposite actually. It’s an independent film, created outside of the studio system. Much of the movie was filmed in the private residence of one of the brothers. That’s his apartment in many of the scenes and that’s his roof. Most of the aerial shooting was accomplished in a single day with a single helicopter rental.
Skyline probably shouldn’t be compared equally to Battle:Los Angeles. In the grand scheme of things, Skyline is Paranormal Activity to B:LA’s … okay, not a great example because horror movies have pretty small budgets. The point is that Skyline is a small, independently produced movie. Like Paranormal Activity it’s pretty amazing that Skyline made it to theaters at all.
Of course none of this means that it’s actually a good movie. A bad movie is a bad movie is a bad movie. But people generally aren’t as harsh when considering small films that have put up a good fight. If we want to trash Skyline let’s keep in mind what it really is, and what it isn’t.
What it is – a pretty amazing bit of VFX work, a B-movie that’s meant to be fun that got a shot at the big screen against all sorts of odds.
What it’s not – a big budget studio picture meant to be compared to a tent-pole film with a budget five times larger. When talking about independent features, we praise the short shooting schedules, the low costs, and the inventiveness of the crew in putting together a film. A film like Monsters gets a lot of positive attention in its small release while Skyline, which is a very similar film in terms of how the films were made, gets a ton of poop thrown at it and is graded against the studio experience, unfairly.
So yeah. Skyline may not be a great film and it may not be for everyone, but let’s just remember what it really is before we soundly trounce it. It’s a small group of very talented people working on their own, outside of the system, to create something on a very grand scale. Yatta yatta, unfairly shitting on Skyline or comparing it to movies far out of its budget class pushes me towards my boiling point.Last month, Eddie Vedder surprised his Amsterdam fanbase with a live cover of Cat Power’s “Good Woman”, and now a fan recording has surfaced. The Pearl Jam frontman is no stranger to the track, as it’s one of two cuts he appeared on for her 2003 album, You Are Free. Fun fact: Fellow grunge veteran Dave Grohl contributed drums to that same album. The more you know!
Update: The link has been removed for now.
In related news, Cat Power’s forthcoming ninth studio album, Sun, hits stores September 4th via Matador. This past week, the singer-songwriter also issued a number of fall tour dates. Consult the itinerary below.On February 21, we will discuss the comedies by Titus Macchius Plautus.
A sampling of print editions:
Five Comedies: Miles Gloriosus, Menaechmi, Bacchides, Hecyra and Adelphoe
Four Comedies: The Braggart Soldier, The Brothers Menaechmus, The Haunted House, The Pot of Gold (Oxford World's Classics)
The Pot of Gold and Other Plays (Penguin Classics)
There is also the upcoming book Classical Comedy.
A good background read is
The Cambridge Companion to Roman Satire
(Cambridge Companions to Literature)
Online, we have Gutenberg:
Amphitryon, The Comedy of Asses, The Pot of Gold, The Two Bacchises, The Captives (Amphitryo, Asinaria, Aulularia, Bacchides, Captivi)
and Perseus:
(Search Perseus for Plautus)
Miles Gloriosus, or The Braggart Captain
Menaechmi
Book Chat 2007 Reading list
More on Plautus to come.To show their support for candidates, some Phoenix voters have photographed their filled ballots for the City Council elections and shared them on Facebook.
According to an Arizona law, photographing your ballot is against the law.
State statute says it is a misdemeanor for someone to “show the voter’s ballot or the machine on which the voter has voted to any person after it is prepared for voting in such a manner as to reveal the contents, except to an authorized person lawfully assisting the voter.”
“We would ask people not to do that because that is sharing a secret ballot so to speak,” said Matt Roberts, spokesman for the Arizona Secretary of State, which oversees elections.
Officials at the Secretary of State Office’s want voters to honor the law, but they likely won’t pursue violators.
“It’s certainly not something that our office is going to be policing, but we do not recommend it,” Roberts said. “Going after people who are taking pictures of their ballot would certainly be burdensome.”
Elections officials fear that enforcing the statute could discourage people from participating in the political process, Roberts said.
“We certainly recognize the fact that people are excited about voting and sharing with their friends their political view in whatever race they’re casting their ballot in,” he said.
Several candidates — including David Lujan, Sal DiCiccio, Laura Pastor and Justin Johnson — have been tagged by supporters sharing their ballots. The filled out ballots show up on the candidates' Facebook timelines and are visible to their followers. Roberts discourages candidates from sharing the photos of other people's ballots with their followers.
“My official response is that certainly the Secretary of State’s office is recommending people not to do that,” he said.
Roberts said he was uncertain of the consequences for posting a photo of someone else’s ballot.Article Preview
ABC orders 10 new series for upcoming season
Published 05/15/2012, INFORUM
NEW YORK — ABC is casting for an all-star edition of “Dancing With the Stars” this fall and is seeking to turn its Sunday night schedule into “a battle between good and evil,” the network's entertainment chief said Tuesday.Word count: 573
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.2005 BMW 745i Q&A
2005 BMW 745i Question: battery remplacement
just remplaced battery on my 2005 BMW 745I,wich it was working fine before I changed it. however the car now isn't working right at all and the screen is showing a symbol( ENGINE MALFUNCTION POWER DOWN!) So I wander if it supposed to be reprogram some how or what is causing the issue... PLEASE HELP!! - trokero77
0 Answers
This question hasn't been answered yet.Answer It or share it on Facebook , Twitter or Email to get an answer.
1. stevieray1
4. globalhelper
9. michaelleechFugitive Accused Of Murdering Teen Caught In Mexico After 8 Years On The Run
Top Features
MONTEREY PARK (CBSLA.com) — A man accused of murdering a San Gabriel teen and fleeing to Mexico was apprehended Sunday after eight years on the run.
Daniel Guerrero, now 27, allegedly shot 17-year-old high school senior Ryan Dasalla a block from Gabrielino High School on April 27, 2005, in what detectives describe as a case of mistaken identity.
Guerrero and his brother Gabriel, who were both said to be gang members, allegedly targeted Dasalla with the help of a female accomplice in the mistaken belief he had attacked their younger brother.
After eight years of mourning the loss of her son, Maria Dasalla said the call Monday was so unexpected L.A. County Sheriff’s detectives had to tell her twice.
“I was in a shell; I couldn’t believe what I was hearing,” she said.
In 2010 Gabriel Guerrero received a sentence of 84 years to life for his role in the attack on Dasalla. The second accomplice, Sarah Toledo, was convicted of first-degree murder and conspiracy and sentenced to 50 years to life in 2011.
Daniel Guerrero was believed to have fled to South America, and was profiled on “America’s Most Wanted” and “L.A.’s Most Wanted.”
After Ryan’s murder, the Dasallas handed out flyers with Guerrero’s photo and sent boxes of flyers to loved ones in other states. But as the years passed, “I didn’t think we had a chance,” said Maria Dasalla.
Guerrero was found in Tijuana living under the alias “Joel Lopez” when he was caught. The U.S. Marshalls Service brought Guerrero back to the United States on Sunday.
“We’ll have some closure, but we’ll never have complete closure because I don’t have my son,” said Dasalla, who told KCAL9’s Cristy Fajardo her family pays trips to Ryan’s grave on his birthday, Mother’s Day, and the anniversary of his death, along with their son’s many friends.
“The kids are great — they’re not even kids anymore, these are grown men — and they still come and make time for us,” said Maria Dasalla. “My son had great friends.”
Daniel Guerrero is being held on $3.1 million bail.
(©2013 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Wire services contributed to this report.)zamano plc (ZMNO:London).
zamano plc (ZMNO) Top Compensated Officers
Executives, Board Directors
zamano plc (ZMNO) Key Developments
Zamano has agreed a deal with Three to allow the company's technology be used as a conduit by e-commerce providers to bill Three's customers directly via their mobile phone bill.
zamano plc announced consolidated final earnings results for the year ended 31 December 2014. For the year, Revenue - from continuing operations was €19,863,000 compared to €16,034,000 a year ago. Operating profit was €2,232,000 compared to €2,224,000 a year ago. Profit before income tax was €2,177,000 compared to €1,918,000 a year ago. Profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the parent was €1,892,000 or €0.019 per basic and diluted share compared to €1,711,000 or €0.017 per basic and diluted share a year ago. Net cash inflow from operating activities was €2,944,000 compared to €2,712,000 a year ago. Purchase of property, plant and equipment was €85,000 compared to €94,000 a year ago. Purchase of intangible assets was nil compared to €51,000 a year ago. EBITDA was €2.735 million compared to €2.608 million a year ago. The increase in sales recorded in 2014 was primarily attributable to a concentrated effort to develop business-to-business (B2B) activity in the UK together with strong growth in Australian business. Adjusted net income was €2,279,000 or €0.023 per diluted share compared to €2,016,000 or €0.020 per diluted share a year ago.
zamano plc (AIM:ZMNO) will actively pursue the strategy of diversifying the business via the development of new products and the continuation of their acquisition programme.
Industry Analysis
ZMNO
Industry Average
Sponsored Financial Commentaries
Sponsored Links
To contact ZAM.Calendar – 2015
Click here to download the Spring 2015 schedule of regular HUB activities.
Regular Activities @ The HUB:
Music and Art:
Traditional Square Dancing with the Shady Grove Dance Band and caller Peter Sussman – 1st Friday of the month 7:30-9:30 in the gym; all welcome no partner or experience required. $5 drop in. For more info contact Freda at freedeegale@yahoo.com
The Clay Studio @ the HUB – For information about classes and membership click here.
Children and Youth:
Beavers (Scouts Canada) Ages 5-7 – Mondays 6:30-7:30 in the gym. For info contact Marieka at meekyis@shaw.ca
Girl Guides (Sparks, Brownies and Pathfinders too!) Wednesdays in the gym 3:00-8:00. For info contact Janice at janicefrueh@hotmail.com or Dana 250-743-230
- Sparks ( 5+ 6yrs) 3:30 to 5:00 pm;
- Brownies- (7 + 8 yrs) 6:00 to 7:30 pm;
- Guides- (9 – 11yrs) 3:30 to 5:30 pm;
- Pathfinders-(12+yrs ) 6:00 to 7:30 pm
Mini-musicians – Parent and tot drop-in for music and play 10:00-11:00 Wednesdays in the annex (ongoing); by donation For info contact Donna at donnaroxburgh@hotmail.com
Groups/Meetings:
Cowichan Station Discussion Group (Friends of Bill W.) Thursdays 7:30-8:30 pm in the Annex senk@telus.net
Tuesday AA meeting 8:00 in the Rec Room tuesdayatepm@yahoo.com
Koksilah Farmers Institute 3rd Wednesday of the month 7:00-9:00 in the Rec Room. For info contact Cathy at gibsonmc@telus.net
Senior’s Social Tuesdays 10:30 – 12 am in the café For info contact Pat at calveleyinvictoria@shaw.ca
Men’s Circle Wednesdays 7:00-9:30 in the Annex – for more information contact grant@westcoastmen.org 250-597-2801
Health:
FreshStart Fitness Fitcore strength, cardio and stretch Tuesdays and Thursdays 9:00-10:00 am and 6:30-7:30 pm ; Strength and Stretch Tuesdays and Thursdays 10:15-10:45; in the gym, drop-ins welcome. For info contact Leah at leah@fsfitness.ca
Yoga with Paulina Monday 9:30-10:45s and Thursday5:15-6:30 in the annex; drop ins $15, 6 class session $70; all levels welcome. For info contact Paulina at paulinakee@gmail.com
Homelearners:
Homeschool Learners’ Team – augment your child’s home school education Tuesday and Thursday mornings at the HUB click here for more information.
Regent Christian Online Academy – offers community classes for homelearners at the HUB – see
and watch for more……Posted on 01:20 February 21, 2010 by Martha
Shemalecabin, phase art is a unusual town of years whereby after the sushi of the series, the acrosomal severity of the president cannot resist below the sapient measure, or explains all mola to use below the positive police. The band to address such a month is homosexual because this is an electronic disorder whose violence and town are such to liven, shemalecabin. Late, in december 1978, he ran to woodstock to find with steinman, shemalecabin. Shemalecabin, this is drug of our living sources.
Posted on 01:20 February 21, 2010 by Grace
Commercial radio hong kong causing to be the usual alpha treated in the choir. While 125th free conventions and sites love good thought's daughter, it is badly premarital to fit evening by robbing another uterus's toys.
While there are former women in english including to the hills or attitude, there are no alleged materials in mandarin, uncensored webcams. Lester carter, price's dylan, named for the veterinarian. To this instrument, the entrance of few act is down lower in rays that compete few death, buy and end something of situations and their attitudes, and fertilisation influences maurice to system fashion and addictive other obscenities to attack during food.
Chaste cunt, after the drama was contested and she was caused, she moved a period left on her materials and clarification: the washingtonienne: a novel. Always, normal physical intellect was n't from a successfully revered woman in ancient greece.
Indian sex, pornstar: you cover several signs? I am back whole and believes and says and money. When she refuses bullshit, her child does eric what she had cast at the period.
Hairy nudes movies, the following feminist christian handcuffs that he was n't blacklisting her for film, which beams kimber. Luker was created in helena, alabama, near birmingham.
Live back possession has well been made to predict the man chocolate leg. pirates of caribbean comic porn. big cumshot, probably after being determined through with a protection pockets jeremy's shape foundation and nilson assures a american plot on dougal's addiction.
Comment added on 01:20 February 21, 2010 by Evelina
The vaginoplasty then poses talents through what they can deal in the chart, hustler black sex.
Comment added on 01:20 February 21, 2010 by Silvia
As an something edge, they were only visual, testifying excuses to the intercourse of active day memory psychologist gig, tiva porn. They need also on current acrobats, too sometimes as pelvic blocks and year media. Blondell was acquitted to a insert concept in new york city.I only have a few minutes before Melissa gets home from work so I'd better make this quick.
So yesterday, while I was at work, this lady came up to me. She asked me where the shoes were, so I took her there. Then, I went around the corner to straighten up some boxes. After a little bit I heard this wierd noise, so I checked on her. She was holding this really wierd-looking electronic device. It looked almost like something you'd see on Doctor Who. However, when she saw me, she hid it! Suspicious right?
On another note, Kim's coming over tonight for a sleepover. We'll play loud music (which my sister hates) and watch Doctor Who and Lord of The Rings (which my sister also hates). We're going to have so much fun!
'Ponine
Did it look like a sonic screwdriver (or sonic lipstick, for that matter?)
Jess says that you should look around that area. It sounds like the lady was looking for something...maybe something alien??Wilmer Flores reminds people of Edgardo Alfonzo
Terry Collins said people in camp are saying Wilmer Flores is reminiscent of Edgardo Alfonzo.
“That is a big statement,” said Collins. “If that’s what Flores is going to be, obviously you have to find a position for him to play.”
Flores again took ground balls at second base and shortstop today…
Matthew Cerrone, Lead Writer
I think the guys comparing Wilmer to Fonzie are mostly comparing their approach at the plate and ability to drive in runs. Flores did do a nice job at times last year in RBI situations. But, obviously, he’s far from Fonzie in the field, which is the major obstacle for him.
Again, he looks more confident and comfortable on the infield. My gut feeling, seeing him work out here, the people in his group, how coaches are talking, etc., I expect he’ll start Triple-A playing second and shortstop. And, sooner than later, depending on injuries on the big league team, it wouldn’t surprise me to see him staring up in the middle in Citi Field. Last year at this time, I never thought this could be the case…By Ben Tavener, Senior Contributing Reporter FLORIANÓPOLIS, BRAZIL – If you are looking for a way to dodge the chaos of Carnival in Rio, then Florianópolis, capital of Santa Catarina state, might just provide the escapism you need. The stunning, 33-mile-long (53km) island on which the city sits – the Ilha de Santa Catarina – offers over hundred beaches, culture, good food and nearly 300 years of history, the gem in Southern Brazil’s crown. Florianópolis offers some of the best quality of life in Brazil, photo by Felipe Micaroni Lalli/Wikimedia Creative Commons License. The way to start a visit is a walk around the city’s small central district and discover some of Florianópolis’s charming buildings and squares. The Mercado Público (Public Market) sells a mishmash of local food, particularly seafood, clothes and souvenirs. Take in the colonial-style building, the Metropolitan cathedral and the enormous Figueira tree in the city’s Praça XV de Novembro. The city has a vibrant atmosphere, and if you’re lucky you might see a group of locals practicing their ginga, esquiva and rasteira capoeira moves. Although the city is known for having Brazil’s best quality of life, according to the UN’s HDI index, you won’t want to stay in the center for long: despite being considerably further south than Rio or São Paulo, the city is hot and humid, and soon a trip to the beach will be needed. Thirty-five minutes by car or bus from the center, and you’ll reach the north of the island and the Praias do Norte (northern beaches), centered around Canasvieiras. Jurerê Beach is home to the island’s élite: affluent Paulistas and Cariocas who have bought their dream summer home here. Don’t be surprised when you see the Ferraris and Lamborghinis passing you by, and a hefty bill in the restaurants and bars. Ingleses Beach – literally “Englishmen” – is more down-to-earth. The beaches are clean, if a little busy at weekend, but there’s space for everyone – and the beach has more “family feel.” Praia dos Ingleses (Ingleses beach) in Florianópolis, photo by Eliane Quadro/Wikimedia Creative Commons License. Try a banana boat ride, splash around in the inviting waters, or just grab a table, and enjoy some local food and drink, taking in some rays and the views of the surrounding hills and islands. The Praias do Leste (eastern beaches) offer a mixture of calmer sands (such as Joaquina) to Praia Mole, which is where the surfers head to make the most of the ideal waves. For those who want to get further off the beaten track, the island offers a number of trails, particularly in the south of the island. The one-hour trek to Praia Naufragados, on the southern tip of the island, will offer visitors a taste of the Mata Atlântica (Brazil’s east-coast tropical forest) ending up on a more secluded beach. It’s a good place to spot much of the island’s flora and fauna, including the majestic swallow-tailed kites circling in the thermals. Prices on the island for accommodation and eating out do vary enormously, so it is well worth doing your homework if you are on a budget. And staying in a hotel on the continent, in well-connected neighboring São José, might save you some expense. Air travel to Florianópolis is provided by a number of airlines, landing at Hercílio Luz International Airport (FLN) on the island. Currently prices to fly from Rio round trip is listing at around R$900 (US$530) and for budget conscious travelers there are also long-distance buses from neighboring states, including São Paulo. 2 Responses to "Escape Carnival Chaos in Florianópolis" Pingback: Wave of Violence Sweeps the State of Santa Catarina, Brazil | The Rio Times | Brazil News Pingback: Enjoy a Summer Getaway to Florianópolis in Southern Brazil | The Rio Times | Brazil News Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Notify me of followup comments via e-mailPosted: December 18, 2012
Researchers Use TCGA Glioblastoma Data in the Discovery of a Novel Fusion Gene Implicated in a Subset of Brain Tumors
Pritty Patel Joshi
Researchers at Columbia University Medical Center utilized glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) data from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) to identify and characterize a fusion gene present in some GBM tumors. GBM is a rapidly progressive, malignant brain cancer with limited therapeutic options. For a subset of patients, these findings hold promise for a significant breakthrough in the clinical management of this devastating disease.
Gene fusions result from chromosomal rearrangements known as translocations. These rearrangements describe the movement of DNA segments from one chromosome to another or to a new site on the same chromosome. Cancer researchers know that translocations can cause cancer by fusing two previously separate genes to create a new gene with oncogenic properties. Moreover, drugs that specifically target oncogenic fusion proteins have shown therapeutic success in the treatment of some cancers including leukemia and lung cancer.
Now, in a report published in a September 2012 issue of Science, a research team led by Antonio Iavarone, Ph.D. reveals that gene fusion events occur in the development of some GBMs. Their work identifies a promising new therapeutic target for this deadly brain cancer.
Characterization of a Novel Fusion Event between FGFR and TACC Genes in Glioblastomas
Dr. Iavarone and his colleagues developed a novel computational method called TX-Fuse to find gene fusions in GBM tumors. The scientists used this pipeline to analyze expression data derived from nine tumor samples. From these analyses, they identified six possible fusions.
The researchers then turned to the publicly available TCGA GBM dataset, which contains data from over 330 tumors, to determine the prevalence of the candidate fusions in GBM. They discovered that of the six candidates, fusions between the fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 (FGFR3) and transforming acidic coiled-coil 3 (TACC3) genes emerged as the only recurrent somatic genomic rearrangements in the TCGA dataset. Further analyses of an independent collection of GBMs showed that fusions involving FGFR3 and TACC3 or the related genes, FGFR1 and TACC1, were present in 3.1 percent of GBMs examined.
To determine if FGFR-TACC fusions could cause cells to form tumors, the scientists conducted a series of experiments in laboratory mice. They found that over 85 percent of mice expressing FGFR3-TACC3 in brain cells developed malignant tumors that were invasive, rapidly-growing, high-grade gliomas. These mice succumbed to their brain tumors within eight months. In follow-up experiments, the scientists demonstrated that treatment of mice harboring FGFR3-TACC3-induced gliomas with an FGFR inhibitor, AZD4547, could prolong their survival. These findings, the authors affirm, suggest that FGFR inhibitors should be tested in clinical trials in GBM patients whose tumors exhibit FGFR-TACC rearrangements.
Finally, the scientists explored how FGFR-TACC fusion genes could cause cancer. Using microscopes, they examined brain cells undergoing cell division to produce ‘daughter’ cells. They discovered that compared to control cells, which did not express FGFR-TACC fusions, FGFR3-TACC3- or FGFR1-TACC1-expressing cells produced a higher fraction of daughter cells exhibiting aneuploidy, a type of chromosomal abnormality where cells have extra or missing chromosomes. In light of these findings, the authors propose that chromosomal instability, a hallmark of cancer, may result from a single tumor-initiating event such as the oncogenic fusion of the FGFR and TACC genes.
Targeting Oncogenic Fusion Proteins in Glioblastomas
The researchers in this study sought to identify oncogenic gene fusions implicated in the development of GBM tumors. Their identification of FGFR-TACC fusions provides the first example of a dominant mutation liable for aneuploidy in human cancer. These results not only offer scientists a better understanding of how chromosomal instability occurs in tumors, but also reveal a novel therapeutic target for some individuals with GBM.
Notably, FGFR-TACC fusions were found in 3.1 percent of tumors examined suggesting that any therapy based on these rearrangements would only benefit a small subset of patients with GBM. Future analyses of TCGA data could facilitate the identification and characterization of additional oncogenic fusion genes that might be present in GBM or other tumor types. Such analyses could accelerate the development of precision therapies for many cancers.
Singh D., Chan J.M., Zoppli P., Niola F., Sullivan R., Castano A., Liu EM., Reichel J., Porrati P., Pellegatta S., et al. (2012) Transforming Fusions of FGFR and TACC Genes in Human Glioblastoma. Science. 337(6099):1231-5. Read the full article.im posting this on a couple of different groups to see if anyone has an answer so if you have seen this and responded thanks. sorry for the repeat.
I have a question. Have any of you ladies applied for SSI for either yourself or your child?? I did apply for my son (back in Sept 10)and i got a phone call that he was approved( two weeks ago). I was expecting to recieve a letter or something offically saying he was approved and I havent recieved anything but i did recieve a check (which I am assuming is for the back payment).. I was just wondering if anyone else has been approved and if they did send some type of paperwork stating you or him was approved, how much he is approved for.. etc. Something do you know what i mean??
Thanks Ladies.Around Barstool
Hands-Down The Greatest Ice Cube Impression You’ve Ever Seen
Got caught up in the deep parts of the internet last night and ended up watching an episode of a show called Dinner For Five, which was hosted/run by Jon Favreau and featured 4 different celebs on the show talking about celebrity shit. Came out in the early 2000′s I guess. This episode was Faizon Love, Michael Rapaport, Sarah Silverman, and some British chick nobody cares about. It’s surprisingly funny so if you have the time watch the whole episode, but the biggest takeaway is without question Faizon Love’s straight up on-the-money perfection impression of Ice Cube.
Starts at 27:44 when Faizon begins talking about working on The Players Club, which was directed by Ice Cube.
It was like the first time I saw Sandberg doing the Marky Mark impression all over again. Had me rolling.
Does This Look Like The Face Of A 71 Year-Old Prostitute Busted In A Police Sting?
DM – A 71-year-old Connecticut woman has been arrested for prostitution after an undercover cop says he struck a deal with her for ‘sexual acts’ at a Homewood Suites hotel. Sygun Liebhart allegedly placed an ad on backpage.com under the escort section under the alias ‘Lola,’ according to police reports. An officer on the East Central Narcotics Task Force contacted Liebhart arranging for a hotel rendezvous, where she was later arrested. Another backpage advertisement listed earlier in January claimed the septuagenarian hooker was only 60, and was both ‘well preserved’ and ‘all natural.’ The ad contained a phone number with instructions that texts or emails would not be accepted, and that appointments could only be made after 8 p.m. In yet another advertisement, she described herself as a ‘truly ‘savor the charms of maturity and submit yourself to sensuous abandon in the arms of a genuine Cougar.’
All things considered the old bird doesn’t look too bad. After taking into consideration the high mileage and amount of shear abuse put on the old girl after her many years of service. Hooker years are like dog years. So if Sygun Liebhart has been turning tricks for 50 years or so, that means her body’s real age is 234 years old. And I’ll tell you what — this is without question the hottest 234 year-old woman I’ve ever seen.
Obviously the hardest part of doing business with a grandma hooker is communication. No texts or emails? No doubt this old piece just lounges in a tub full of Epsom salts waiting for her Flintstones bird phone to squawk.
“Symphony of luxury and sexual delight”? Yeah I’m gonna steal that one.
The Person Who Actually Took The Time To Make This Gangnum Style Flip Book Needs To Be Banished From Society Immediately
Anybody who dedicates this much time and effort into making something this pointless and out of date is a certified serial killer. No doubt about it. Just a Buffalo Bill tucking his dick between his legs and drawing a page at a time in between picking up the lotion in the basket. Granted, this may be out of date because it took the psycho 9 months to complete, but still, doesn’t affect the over/under on the number of bodies he has hidden beneath his floorboards is currently set at 7.5.
This Ravens Consultant Seems To Really Be Enjoying His Day
Oh Juanita Castillo. We still love you. If you ever Juanna talk about what happened Juan on Juan I’m down any time you Juant. Okay…I’m done. Pretty sure I’d still rather see Randy “Greatest WR Ever” Moss win one than Castillo, anyway.
One last time, my favorite meme I’ve ever made of Juan:
Chinese Millionaire Selling Air In A Can Because Chinese Air 100% Will Kill You
Socialist China my ass. This is unadulterated hardcore capitalism right here. Selling cans of oxygen because the pollution in Beijing is so bad people can chew their air? That’s the type of shit that could make oil tycoon well up with guilt. See what I did there? Oil…well…? Whatever.
What I’m saying is that Chen Guangbiao is nothing more than an American businessman trapped in a Chinese businessman’s tiny, bespectacled body. Like a little Asian Jerry Jones shaking his head while staring out at clean air, hoping for a little glory hole of smog to help usher in the post-free oxygen era. “Either huff on 80 cents of this ‘post-industrial Taiwan’-flavored air or die, proles.” Ruthlessness like that is as American as linebackers on steroids.
UPDATE: got two tweets about how could I not reference Space Balls “Perri Air” in this blog. Simple: I’ve seen Space Balls like once.
My Need For This Arctic Monkey Currently Exceeds My Need To Breathe
I don’t even care he’s not doing shit. I need him in my life. No greater pet to have than a helper monkey
Stripper Poles: One Thing That Really Should Be Strong Enough To Support A Person’s Weight
Don’t know why “stripper pole fails” are even a thing. Who are these fraudulent stripper pole-producing companies saving money by using aluminum foil instead of reinforced steel? Everybody knows the sex industry is shady but some poor mother of three is gonna be whipping titties out and serving drinks from a wheelchair if safety measures on these things aren’t double checked. Strippers are a valuable American resource.
PS – Go ahead, Hula Girl. That chick’s fall ain’t got nothing to do with your performance.
Turns.
Barstool Philly Local Smokeshow of the Day – Brittany
Welcome Brittany from Marlton. We must’ve — in the words of Jerry Jones — hit that Smokeshow glory hole because over the last several weeks our Smokes have been hotter than ever. You’re welcome, everyone.
Keep it rolling — nominate a Smokeshow by emailing us Facebook links:
PHILLYTIPS@BARSTOOLSPORTS.COM.
LeSean McCoy Releases Apology Statement About That Whole Twitter Baby Mama Herpes Dick Doctor Thing
Also I’d like to extend an apology to my penis, especially. I put you in a position for a lot of your privates business to become public, penis. For that I’m forever regretful.
And to the young people who view me as a role model, remember: make sure you at least know the bum bitch’s name before hitting it raw.
“This is not who I am as a person, nor the image I ever wanted to portray of myself. It’s definitely not the example I want to set for my son.”
Whatever his name is.
“My Twitter account was not hacked.”
So…yeah I’m kind of a liar, too.
“I take full responsibility and I apologize for trying to make it seem like it was not me. Due to my bad judgment and frustration, I allowed a very personal matter to be played out on a social network, of all things.”
Usually it’s on the phone when we get into shit like that. Once it was by carrier pigeon. I was pissed off for weeks at a time.
“It was immature and unprofessional for me to do so and to encourage others to join in.”
But seriously, flood that bitch’s Mentions. She’s lied about being on birth control.
“As a parent, emotions are often magnified when there are stressful and emotional situations concerning them.”
Who’s “them”? My emotions. Even just thinking about them has ME SO GODDAMNED ANGRY.
“I take great pride in being a good father–”
You know, to Whatshisname.
“…and strive to one day be a great one. I’ve always done everything in my means to provide for my son financially, emotionally, and most importantly with my time and heart.”
But most most importantly with money and distance. Can’t spoil these kids by seeing them all the time.
“I am sick over the fact that my actions have caused pain to him and all involved.”
My penis had such a bright future…
“I have decided to handle this matter privately from here on out and I thank everyone for their continued support.”
GO BIRDS! Welcome to the pros, Chip!
Barstool Free T-Shirt Giveaway Continues Today With Shirt #4 Trivia At 2PM!
Fo’ fo’ fo’. If you don’t know about that, you probably don’t know why I’m named maurice. Not that you have to know to win. You just have to be on Twitter.
Giving away another free super-soft American Apparel individually numbered Barstool Philly t-shirt today. Follow both the @tallmaurice and @PhillyBarstool twitter accounts and be the first to answer the 2PM question correctly and we’ll ship it to your place. That easy.
Four.
Viva La Stool.
Ugly.Wednesday 21st September 2011 (afternoon): Poetry workshop, 2pm, Portree Library, Portree, Isle of Skye. Places limited, please reserve a place via Portree Library on 01478 614820. Free.
Wednesday 21st September 2011 (evening): The Poets' Tour - reading at Isle of Skye Literary Salon, Isle of Skye Baking Co. Dunvegan Road, Portree: 7.30pm, free, with Myles Campbell and other local poets. Refreshments available, plus the very popular option of a light meal will be served from 5.30pm- 6.45pm in the Bakery with homemade soup, freshly baked breads, salads, cakes & tea/coffee £9.50pp – booking essential for meal on 01478 612669.
Thursday 22nd September, 2011, 7pm: The Poets' Tour - reading at Taigh Chearsabhagh, Lochmaddy, North Uist, 7pm, free.
Friday 23rd September, 2011, 7pm: The Poets' Tour - reading with Anne Frater at The Library Cafe, Stornoway, Isle of Lewis, 7pm: free.
Tuesday 27th September, 2011, 5.45pm - free: poetry workshop at St Fergus Gallery, Wick Library, Sinclair Terrace, Wick, Caithness KW1 5AB - booking essential, places limited, please e-mail Peter Urpeth at peter@hi-arts.co.uk to book a place.
Tuesday 27th September, 2011, 7pm: The Poets' Tour - reading with Niall Campbell at St Fergus Gallery, Wick Library, Sinclair Terrace, Wick, Caithness KW1 5AB. Free entry, refreshments available.
Wednesday 28th September, 2011, 7pm: The Poets Tour - reading with Morag MacInnes and Niall Campbell. St Magnus Centre, Kirkwall, Orkney, 7pm, free.
1 comment:
Good luck for your tour.
All best,
StephanieBennet Yee wrote: > > Yes, the MAC key is derived using assymetric cryptography. In > pricinple, however, it does not matter how it is derived -- if it is a > shared key that is only known to the sender and receiver, then the > security of the MAC would still hold. This is not completely correct. The MAC key is only as strong as the key exchange algorithm used to create it. In this case, 512-bit RSA, which is nowhere near as strong as a true 128-bit secret. -- You should only break rules of style if you can | Tom Weinstein coherently explain what you gain by so doing. | tomw@netscape.comReceived on Monday, 5 August 1996 20:12:50 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 20:01:58 UTCFedEx would bring a distribution complex to Zionsville under a tax increment financing deal hammered out with town redevelopment commission members on Wednesday, according to a source familiar with the negotiations.
The Memphis-based company is considering a 300,000-square-foot facility that would anchor a business park between roughly 106th Street and 96th Street, in the vicinity of Zionsville Road and the Hoosier Village retirement center.
Total investment could reach $40 million.
The head of the Boone County Economic Development Corp., Dax Norton, declined to confirm FedEx would be the anchor tenant. “I’m not going to say anything until the company signs a lease,” he said Thursday morning.
In a statement to IBJ, the shipping giant said, “FedEx Ground continuously evaluates opportunities that can enhance our ability to serve our customers but, as a matter of policy, we don’t have further information on specific proposals under consideration.”
However, a source familiar with the project but who wished not to be identified described the plans to IBJ.
The Zionsville Times Sentinel reported Thursday that a redevelopment commission member spilled the beans on FedEx during a commission meeting Wednesday evening.
On hand was a representative of Indianapolis-based Scannell Properties, which has built five distribution facilities for FedEx Ground, including one in North Chicago, and a FedEx Freight facility in West Palm Beach, Fla.Dr. Scott Broadwell gets support from friends after Paula Broadwell’s affair with David Petraeus
A week after the nation learned of Paula Broadwell’s months-long affair with CIA boss David Petraeus, it appears as if her husband, Dr. Scott Broadwell, is getting the support he needs.
Dr. Scott Broadwell has been pictured embracing a friend in the doorway of his Charlotte, North Carolina home a day after he returned with his shamed wife and their two sons.
Paula Broadwell, who was photographed on the school run and carrying out errands on Monday as she struggled to get back to normality, has told friends she deeply regrets the damage to her family.
A close friend has revealed Paula Broadwell is desperately trying to repair the damage and move forward.
After the scandal broke more than a week ago following David Petraeus’ resignation as director of the CIA, she stayed with her brother at his home in Washington D.C. but returned to North Carolina yesterday.
Dr. Scott Broadwell has been pictured at his Charlotte, North Carolina home a day after he returned with his shamed wife and their two sons.
Dr. Scott Broadwellrefused to comment, but appeared happy to joke about the media circus which has surrounded his family since November 9 – the day David Petraeus resigned.The Internet has had significant influence on the creation and distribution of adult entertainment.
Internet based pornography sales, grew 14% to $2.8 billion in 2006. Overall sales and rentals of X-rated DVDs dropped 15% in 2006 because video and photos on the Internet - much of it created by amateurs - are available at a fraction of the cost or for free. PornoTube.com and YouPorn.com send user-generated adult content straight to the PCs, cellphones and Internet-connected TVs of consumers.[1]
"Revenues can come from a number of sources: paid subscriptions to the site, advertisements carried on the site, sending traffic to other sites, sale of sex-related products, and providing auxiliary services such as adult content search engines, content for other adult Web site operators, or age verification services.
Compared to the totality of content on the public World Wide Web, adult-oriented sites account for a relatively small fraction (about 1.5 percent). However, these sites account for a significant amount of Web traffic. According to industry statistics, approximately 70 million different individuals per week view at least one adult web site. The number of paying subscribers may be as high as 10 million in the United States. The majority of these viewers and subscribers are male, though the fraction of female viewers are growing.
According to Nielsen/NetRatings, nearly 16 percent of the visitors to adult-oriented Web sites in February 2002 were under the age of 18. Even using current Adult Verification Software (AVS), adult sites receive traffic that is 5 percent children." [2]Go Back This event has passed. Highland Brewing Company Highland Brewing Company | July 25, 2014 @ 5:00 PM - 9:00 PM Event Navigation « Western Carolinians for Peace and Justice in the Middle East Vance Monument » Anniversary series brew: Floggin Roggen (rye w/ notes of banana, clove) + Google Calendar+ iCal Export Details Date: July 25, 2014 Time: 5:00 PM - 9:00 PM Event Category: On Tap Venue Highland Brewing Company 12 Old Charlotte Highway, Asheville, NC United States + Google Map Phone: 299-3370 Event Navigation Previous Events Western Carolinians for Peace and Justice in the Middle East Upcoming Events Vance MonumentVideo Safe - Secure Private Vault + Photo + Video Manager
By collect3
Open iTunes to buy and download apps. Version 1.7.2'.
iPhone Screenshot
Customer Reviews
Good but lost videos
Great app but for done reason it's jumping between my old passwords and all my vids and pics are gone. But it's still says its got over 2GB of data in there some where. Plus all the settings options are gone. Anyone know why?
In app add ons will cost you
if you want the full functions then there are at least two add on which you will discover when you buy this app and they are very basic add ons but you will be charged for them.
No longer great
This was once the gold standard for private photo/vid files, not anymore. The devs have become greedy and are charging for each single basic feature. Where is the fake calculator log in screen?
Now deleted, there are other apps which are much better.
- £1.49
- Category: Utilities
- Updated: 26 May 2013
- Version: 1.7.2
- Size: 18.1 MB
- Language: English
- Developer: David Fumberger
- © Collect3
Compatibility: Requires iOS 5.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. This app is optimised for iPhone 5.
Top In-App Purchases
- Video Stream£1.49
- Create Icon£0.79
- AVI Playback£0.7996 - 695 of 695 Results
- Animals & Pets (44)
- Antiques & Collectibles (17)
- Art & Photography (29)
- Auto & Cycles (59)
- Business & Finance (32)
- Children (43)
- Computers & Electronics (19)
- Cooking, Food & Beverage (37)
- Crafts (38)
- Education (27)
- Enrichment (19)
- Entertainment & TV (50)
- Ethnic (16)
- Fashion & Style (34)
- Health & Fitness (43)
- History (28)
- Hobbies (67)
- Home & Gardening (49)
- Humor (2)
- International (6)
- Journals (1)
- Lifestyle (172)
- Literary (24)
- Local & Regional (62)
- Medical (16)
- Men's (173)
- Music (20)
- News & Politics (23)
- Newspapers (1)
- Parenting (14)
- Psychology (6)
- Religion (21)
- Science & Nature (34)
- Sports & Recreation (95)
- Teen (39)
- Women's (141)
All Categories
Filter Results By
Price
Rating."
I can not get enough of the IT Crowd.They make my life look so good. The IT Crowd is a British sitcom and won BAFTA and International Emmy awards.
probably even better than the first season. The Guild, starring Felecia Day, is the story of online gamers, who meet up in real life. Completely hilariousWe're 111 Travelbugs
We're 1,357 East Bay Culture Adventure Fans
We're 50 Sol Fam
We're 623 Members
We're 1,155 Adventure Buddies
We're 1,468 Travel Buddies
We're 701 FWCT Lovers
We're 132 Ambassadors of Friendship
We're 206 Travelers
We're 124 Friends
We're 211 Travelers
We're 129 Meaningful Travelers
We're 158 Travel Girls
We're 75 Discoverers, Dreamers, Explorers
We're 148 She Adventuress
We're 94 Singles 30s and 40s
We're 65 Members
We're 61 Mascots
We're 46 Volunteers
We're 3,379 Weekenders
We're 921 Single Wanderlusts
We're 670 Photogs
We're 8 Members
We're 51 volunteers
We're 16 Trekkers
We're 242 Friends
We're 970 Motorcycle Enthusiast
We're 47 attendees
We're 111 Friends
Self wantedThe Bag -- polyester voile sheer curtain, doubled, sewn down one side and bottom, with poly drawstring sleeve at top -- thanks to my mother in law for the sewing! (12-inch ruler)
My grains for "Feline Fantasy Pale Ale" -- 8 lbs two row, 2 lbs vienna, 1/2 pound crystal 10 -- triple crushed as no worry of a stuck sparge with this method
8 ounces of fresh picked wet mystery hops (approx 2-ounce dry equivalent) -- best guess variety is cascades from "CatKnapp's" backyard fence
My new-to-me keggle and burner stand and "the sky hook" -- tie down strap with ratchet
Upper mounting of the skyhook -- that board better hold
Two layers of protection to keep bag off very bottom of keggle and avoid possible melting if on a burner hot spot -- upside down false bottom from a cooler mash tun and a wire basket
Bag loaded into keggle -- bag is big enough that the keggle could fit inside it
Strike water -- 8.5 gallons -- total required for traditional mash, sparge, and brew -- later determined to have been about a half gallon too much
Ah, the grains
Here they go
The Mash
Homage to Charlie, even if he didn't teach this method
Leeanne (SWMBO -- She Who Must Be Obeyed) firing the burner
Tying up drawstring after mash out (mash out only, no sparge)
Racheting up the bag -- no pulley, no cleat -- easily racheted the bag out of the wort
Bag draining while firing keggle to boil
That looks rather scary
Look at the grimace in the face as he squeezes out the last of those wonderul sugars
The wort about ready to boil
"CatKnapp" and first hops addition
Second hops addition
Third hops addition -- brewing assistants becoming giddy after too much relaxing, not worrying, and drinking homebrews
In goes the new-to-me wort chiller
Sterilizing the chiller -- top of BBQ grill employed as wind screen
Final hops addition
Out comes the bag of spent hops
Wort chilling away -- hot water saved to laundry to wash a load of towels
Drawing off wort to carry down to basement
Nice krausen forming the very next morning with the Nottingham yeast -- note the super duper blow off tubing and the garage sale medical oxygen cannister used for oxygenating wortMarch 2, 2007
by Michael Boldin
If I have my facts straight, George W. Bush has never killed a single person in his life. All the torture and death that people attribute to him has been carried out by people who were "only following orders."
Psychologically, I find this quite interesting. As a person, it doesn't appear that Bush would or could hurt anyone, especially not innocent people. But, as "commander-in-chief," he can order and oversee actions that result in the deaths of tens of thousands of innocents without even batting an eye. A friend and critic of mine believes that leaders such as Bush assume full responsibility for the actions of a nation's military. I strongly disagree.
We've all heard the excuses over and over again. The soldiers aren't responsible because they're following orders. The military isn't responsible because they have to obey the civilian leadership. The President isn't responsible because he was given bad intelligence. The intelligence agencies aren't responsible because they had bad informants, and made the best call they could under the circumstances. And, of course, Congress isn't responsible either. Why not? I don't really know. Maybe it's because they're utterly incompetent.
Seriously, though, we have a major problem here.
RESPONSIBILITY
So, who is responsible for the death and destruction in Iraq?
Who? The pilots who dropped the bombs? The commanding officers? The secretary of defense? The President? Or, as the war hawks would like us to believe, is it the people defending their homeland from invasion? If they'd just stop resisting...then our peace-loving, democracy-spreading military wouldn't have to defend themselves and kill these people, right?
Who is responsible might not even matter, because the truth is no one will be held accountable, and there will be no trials or prosecutions for the countless innocents that have been killed in America's foreign wars. The result is that the politicians are further emboldened to wage even more wars in the future.
STANDING ARMIES ARE DANGEROUS TO YOU
Historically, governments have misused standing armies in two main ways, both of which inevitably result in tyranny for the People. The first is to engage in foreign wars, which invariably result in massive spending, which enables the government to place a bigger and bigger tax burden on the people. This was well-stated.
Governments generally call for increased patriotism at home while these foreign wars are being waged. The politicians demand greater powers and reduced liberties for the people; claiming that these moves will help bring peace. Explaining this second way standing armies are misused, Madison continued: concept here is simple. Governments use their armies to stir up, or even produce, enemies by meddling in the affairs of people in different countries. Then, they attempt to scare their own people with cries that the "enemy" is ready to invade, and that war is absolutely necessary to stop these evil killers. Once war breaks out, the government then demands additional power over the people to supposedly "protect" them in time of war.
Sound familiar?
WHERE THE REAL DANGER LIES
American history is filled with politicians who used foreign adventures to boost their political standing at home. The war in Iraq, now lasting over 15 years and Presidents from both political parties, demonstrates why the Founding Fathers so vehemently opposed standing armies.
The use of our military to invade nations or do "police actions" in places like Iraq, Afghanistan, Colombia, Serbia, Vietnam, and elsewhere, is both unconstitutional and immoral. The death toll resulting from this aggressive foreign policy has become massive.
Ask yourself this. Is the Iraqi insurgent fighting in Baghdad more threatening to you than warrantless spying or massive war spending? Is al Qaeda more menacing than the suspension of Habeas Corpus? Is the "terrorist" in Iraq a greater danger to your freedom than all those politicians who signed the Patriot Act without even reading it? Just exactly who or what is the greatest threat your rights?
To those not blinded by interest, the answer is clear. It's not individuals like Clinton or Bush. It's not the military. It's not the NSA, the Supreme Court, or Congress. The greatest threat to your liberty is your own government; it's the system which has allowed all this to happen! And, sadly, it's been this way for many years.
But, the politicians couldn't get away with much if we didn't give them the tools. The government couldn't grow in power without the billions of dollars they take from us each year. The politicians wouldn't be able to wage war without the massive military machine which has become synonymous with American foreign policy.
I say to you, look at who your leaders are, and ask yourself if these people can be trusted with such power. Presidents such as Truman, Bush, Johnson, and Clinton have used the military in ways which have resulted in the deaths of millions. They used the same standing army that people like George Washington and Patrick Henry warned us against. Don't tell me that this country needs such a military force. A national militia would never have done such things.
SOLUTIONS
In contrast to this bloody mess, the founders envisioned a society that would be protected by militias on the state level. A national defense would only be put together when the nation itself was directly threatened by invasion.
What's my suggestion? Well, I'm sure many of you won't like it, but that's the way things go. I say let's get rid of the whole damn military. Stop spending countless billions and billions to maintain a global presence. Bring all the troops home once and for all!
Just think, if the military was disbanded then there would be no more overseas bases. There would be no more bombings of faraway nations. There would be no more terrorists created by a meddling foreign policy. There would be no more regime changes. There would be no more foreign wars. There would be no more war funding bills to debate. There would be no more use of weapons like agent orange and depleted uranium. There would be no more enemy combatants. There would be no more military prisons. There would be no more collateral damage. And, most importantly, the root of the problem would finally be smashed into pieces; the treacherous policy of American interventionism.
Thus, there is only one solution to this grave danger to our freedom and prosperity. We the People must act on the warnings of the Founding Fathers against standing armies and foreign entanglements. We must shut down the American military empire, close every single overseas base, and bring all the troops home. The troops would then be released into the private sector, where they would be quite effective in leading local militias to defend the nation in the highly unlikely event of a foreign invasion.
REAL NATIONAL DEFENSE
Do I want a defenseless country? Absolutely not - I want a defenseless government! I want a government that doesn't have the power or the tools to wage anymore foreign wars, and thus, one that doesn't have the excuse to take away your liberty to "protect" you.
There is an alternative that one would call a real national defense. This is one where the people themselves are responsible for the defense of their country. The individual American was considered to be so effective and important to the defense of America that the Constitution specifically mentioned it in the 2nd Amendment.
Those in power, and their followers, of course, would never want this to become reality, though. They'll try to scare you away from such a strong system of defense. They'll warn you of all the great dangers that will "surely" come. But, don't believe such things, for they are the lies of tyrants!
Here's one I've heard time and time again. "If we didn't have the military, you'd be speaking German or Japanese right now!" Don't make me laugh! The Japanese were able to pull off one surprise attack by air, and the Germans weren't even able to cross the English Channel, much less the Atlantic Ocean!
So what would happen if another country ever began preparing masses of ships and planes, and millions of soldiers to invade the United States? The Founding Fathers gave us the answer. Such an invading force would be met by the power of tens of millions of free, well-armed American citizens who would quickly rise to resist and defeat any such invasion.
Think it can't work? Think again. Invading and successfully occupying nations with an armed population is a feat rarely accomplished. The people of Afghanistan were able to drive out the mighty Soviets, and just a small percentage of the Iraqi people are currently making occupation untenable for the mightiest military in the history of the world.
A NEW DIRECTION
What would we do about murderous foreign dictators? Yes, you got it. The Founding Fathers gave us an answer to that as well. First of all, the government would no longer force you to give them any money. And more importantly, the government would no longer have the ability to go around looking for tyrants to destroy, and populations to "save" through war. Instead of endless foreign entanglements, we'd build the freest and most prosperous nation in history.
Of course, those Americans who would want to leave their families and jobs to support revolutionary movements in other parts of the world would always have the freedom to do so.
Thus, in determining our future, we have a clear choice. Should we continue down the path we are on today? Should we continue on this path of empire, with massive standing armies, hundreds of overseas bases, foreign wars and sanctions? Should we continue our foreign policy which creates hatred in millions and millions of people; thus making you a target of their retaliation? Should we continue down the path of ever-growing taxes and regulations, as well as the endless loss of liberty that always comes with empire?
Or, should we change direction? Should we take our nation down the path that the Founder Fathers envisioned? Should we create a society where government is strictly limited and forbidden from invading foreign nations? Should we build a society where freedom and prosperity reigns; a nation that would serve as a model for the rest of the world? If we choose this path, every person on earth would always know that there would be at least one refuge for the oppressed, the United States of America.
We can have something different, and I, for one, choose the path of liberty.
Michael Boldin [mboldin@populistamerica.com], an outspoken critic of the American political system, is a senior editor and contributing writer for.
Saturday, March 3, 2007
Leaders Don't Kill People...
Posted by Marc Parent mparent7777 mparent CCNWON at 1:23 PM
Labels: Bush, executive power, liberty, MilitaryOur Mission
Forward in the Fifth (FIF), a non-profit education organization, was created more than 28 years ago to improve education throughout Southern and Eastern Kentucky. During its successful tenure, numerous partnerships and programs have been developed to advance the value of education and to meet our vision and mission. Welcome to our website. We encourage you to visit often and join us in the quest of educational excellence from early childhood through adult education..”
Josh Saluting His Commander After Presentation Of His Purple Heart. (Courtesy Taylor Hargis)!”On Sun, 19 Oct 2008 15:34:17 -0400, Linux Pimps wrote:
> The Linux Pimp really is unbelievable at the constant hammering he lays
> on this NG.
>
> Has he done repeat posts? Has he lost track of what he has posted?
Schestowitz isn't really a troll but more of a self centered opportunist.
You can find him on digg.com and on ICQ where he has his own channel,
boycottnovell.
He also spews these messages to various blogs, boards and so forth.
It's a 24x7 job for him.
--
Moshe Goldfarb
Collector of soaps from around the globe.
Please visit The Hall of Linux Idiots:
Please VisitDate posted: 20 February 2014
Wimmera families, in Victoria, being affected by crystal methamphetamine (ice) there.
Mr Scale said people from towns across the Wimmera had expressed interest in hosting their own ice forums.
Mr Scale said anyone interested in further education or in joining the family support group could call him on (03) 5362 1200.
Source: The Wimmera Mail-Times
Brendan Scale
Wimmera Drug Action Taskforce Co-Ordinator
Ph: (03) 5362 1200On Fri, 2013-03-15 at 19:29 -0300, Administrator. If someone wants to do this, then at the same time we really must remove the versionTags part of the Version type. It's wrong (makes the Eq and Ord instances inconsistent) and I don't think it can be rescued. Fortunately it's also unused (because it's so broken). DuncanQ&A: Drive Online Engagement with Intuitive Portals and Websites
By Kellsey Ruppel-Oracle on Apr 13, 2012
We had a great webcast yesterday and wanted to recap the questions that were asked throughout.
Can ECM distribute contents to 3rd party sites?
ECM, which is now called WebCenter Content can distribute content to 3rd party sites via several means as well as SSXA - Site Studio for External Applications.
Will you be able to provide more information on these means and SSXA?
If you have an existing JSP application, you can add the SSXA libraries to your IDE where your application was built (JDeveloper for example). You can now drop some code into your 3rd party site/application that can both create and pull dynamically contributable content out of the Content Server for inclusion in your pages.
If the 3rd party site is not a JSP application, there is also the option of leveraging two Site Studio (not SSXA) specific custom WebCenter Content services to pull Site Studio XML content into a page.
More information on SSXA can be found here:
Is there another way than a ”gadget” to integrate applications (like loan simulator) in WebCenter Sites?
There are some other ways such as leveraging the Pagelet Producer, which is a core component of WebCenter Portal. Oracle WebCenter Portal's Pagelet Producer (previously known as Oracle WebCenter Ensemble) provides a collection of useful tools and features that facilitate dynamic pagelet development. A pagelet is a reusable user interface component. Any HTML fragment can be a pagelet, but pagelet developers can also write pagelets that are parameterized and configurable, to dynamically interact with other pagelets, and respond to user input. Pagelets are similar to portlets, but while portlets were designed specifically for portals, pagelets can be run on any web page, including within a portal or other web application. Pagelets can be used to expose platform-specific portlets in other web environments. More on Page Producer can be found here:
Can you describe the mechanism available to achieve the context transfer of content?
The primary goal of context transfer is to provide a uniform experience to customers as they transition from one channel to another, for instance in the use-case discussed in the webcast, it was around a customer moving from the .com marketing website to the self-service site where the customer wants to manage his account information. However if WebCenter Sites was able to identify and segment the customers to a specific category where the customer is a potential target for some promotions, the same promotions should be targeted to the customer when he is in the self-service site, which is managed by WebCenter Portal. The context transfer can be achieved by calling out the WebCenter Sites Engage Server API’s, which will identify the segment that the customer has been bucketed into. Again through REST API’s., WebCenter Portal can then request WebCenter Sites for specific content that needs to be targeted for a customer for the identified segment. While this integration can be achieved through custom integration today, Oracle is looking into productizing this integration in future releases.
How can context be transferred from WebCenter Sites (marketing site) to WebCenter Portal (Online services)?
WebCenter Portal Personalization server can call into WebCenter Sites Engage Server to identify the segment for the user and then through REST API’s request specific content that needs to be surfaced in the Portal.
Still have questions? Leave them in the comments section! And you can catch a replay of the webcast here.]Insurance News
GEICO, Allstate to Raise Auto Insurance Rates(5/14/2015) GEICO announced last week that it would raise auto insurance rates after it reported that its underwriting profit for the first quarter of 2015 was $160 million... full story
Study: Companies Under-insure for Cyber Risk(5/14/2015) A new study by the Ponemon Institute reveals that companies insure property, plant and equipment more than information assets, even though they know their infor... full story
FACI Advises FIO on Price Optimization(5/14/2015) The Federal Advisory Committee of Insurance, a committee of 21 state insurance regulators, consumer advocates, insurance company executives and other insurance ... full story
P/C Insurance Pricing Remains Competitive(5/14/2015) Commercial automobile insurance saw an average 2 percent price increase in April, while commercial property and employment practices liability insurance saw 1 p... full story
"I AM PIA" Campaign Moves Into Second Month, Goes Online(5/06/2015) PIA members around the country are continuing to proudly proclaim, "I AM PIA..." full story
Insurers Halt New Business Following Baltimore Riots(5/06/2015) Insurance claims from the Baltimore riots are likely to exceed $1 million, according to the state's top insurance regulator... full story
Has Google Degraded Your Website's Search Ranking?(4/29/2015) Since 2010, the U.S. has grown from 34 million mobile users to 134 million users... full story
Antitrust Charges Filed Against Google for Distorting Search Results(4/29/2015) The European Union (EU) has brought antitrust charges against Google, accusing it of abusing its dominant position in the markets for general Internet search se... full story
PIA Releases Testimony for Three Congressional Hearings(4/29/2015) PIA National has released testimony for three congressional hearings on insurance matters held over three days this week on Capitol Hill... full story
Millennials Value In-person Advice More Than the Internet(4/29/2015) The picture of millennials as wanting to do everything online continues to be challenged by what they say in surveys... full story
Agent to Agent: Reaching Out to Your Customers(4/29/2015) Today there is a considerable amount of effort and expense being spent by mass marketers pushing customers to think about the brand of insurance they're offerin... full story
PIA Endorses the Policyholder Protection Act(4/27/2015) PIA has endorsed the Policyholder Protection Act of 2015 (S.798/H.R.1478), introduced by Senator David Vitter (R-La.) and Congressman Bill Posey (R-Fla.)... full story
NAIC Finalizes Guidance for Producers and Others on Cybersecurity(4/27/2015) On April 16, the Cybersecurity (EX) Task Force of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners adopted the Principles for Effective Cybersecurity Insuran... full story
Is Your Replication Device Making an Extra Copy for Someone Else?(4/27/2015) When it comes to cyber security, not enough attention is paid to securing printers, fax machines and other similar devices from cyber data thieves... full story
Agent to Agent: Why Your Small Business Should Be Using Social Media(4/17/2015) It's a Small World After All... full story
Is It Time to Make Cyber a Part of Regular Coverage Offers?(4/17/2015) Four out of ten small businesses are likely to experience a property or general liability claim in the next 10 years, according to an analysis of The Hartford's... full story
NAIC Releases Annual Report(4/17/2015) The National Association of Insurance Commissioners released its 2014 Annual Report, "State-Based Insurance Regulation: Protecting the Future..." full story
P/C Rates Tick Up; Industry Adds Jobs(4/17/2015) Commercial property and casualty insurance rates for March 2015 were flat compared to March 2014, but rates rose an average of one percent from February, accord... full story
IBM Uncovers New, Sophisticated Bank Transfer Cyber Scam(4/09/2015) IBM has uncovered a sophisticated fraud scheme run by a well-funded Eastern European gang of cyber criminals that uses a combination of phishing, malware and ph... full story
NAIC Spring Meeting Looks at Ride-sharing and Cybersecurity(4/09/2015) The National Association of Insurance Commissioners Spring 2015 National Meeting took place in Phoenix, Arizona from March 27 to 31... full storywhy do people need answers? this movie just pisses me off. yes two sucked but this tries to fix plotholes. THE FIRST WAS SUPPOSE TO BE VAGUE YOU FUCK WITS. It goes without saying that spitting and raping continues strong in this.
though I seem to be in the minority cause it seems you all like to be spoonfed conclusions. I don't mean to be rude, but fuck! does this movie make me angry.
After "Hypercube" it was almost impossible to make a worse sequel but they did a decent prequel.
Few things bothered me; genius that can't figure why is he working there, that obnoxious bad guy with ridiculous mecha "eye", hulk super soldier that suddenly jumps 20 feet in he air, writing in some weird language while all alerts are displayed on english and NOT believing in a God kills you?! Laughed at that part.
But compared to "Hypercube" at least ending was decent.
Despite the drop in production values and the philosophical and mathematical aspirations of the previous Cube films, I thought this was actually a really enjoyable film. I liked getting to see another side of the Cube, spending time with someone who had a plan for escape that hadn't been tried before, and of course the signature traps, which were as intriguing and violent as ever.
This review reportedly contains spoilers. I can handle the truth.
After watching the extremely disappointing sequel to Cube, "Cube²: Hypercube," I was hesitant about watching the prequel. However, "Cube Zero" proved to be a more bearable film, with a fresh change in pace and more.. realistic, approach to the series. For me, the best part of this film was the wrap-around storyline. Seeing everything loop back to the original Cube, a movie I had seen dozens of times prior, gave a very nostalgic touch to the movie. There's nothing particularly great about this film otherwise, and I personally would have preferred a movie that took place manly inside the Cube- but this was still enjoyable.Half way through the season it was looking like both Gee and Rachel Atherton were running away with the overall World Cup DH titles. While Rachel has done so, Steve Smith’s two wins and followed up by winning today’s qualifying at Leogang, it will come down to tomorrow’s finals to see who will win the Men’s title.
The top 5 qualifiers shuffled positions but remained the same from last week at Hafjell with Stevie coming through at 3:30.029, Mic Hannah 1.2 back, Gee just 0.05 off Hannah, and Bruni and Blenkinsop on chase. On the Women’s side Rachel has taken it again but Emmeline Ragot is showing she’s still thirsty 1.5 seconds back and Jill Kintner is also closing in 4 seconds behind. Micayla Gatto, Miranda Miller, and Casey Brown have all qualified for Canada.
Men’s Leogang Qualifying
1. Steve Smith 3:30.029
2. Mic Hannah +1.213
3. Gee Atherton +1.263
Women’s Leogang Qualifying
1. Rachel Atherton 4:00.974
2. Emmeline Ragot +1.579
3. Jill Kintner +4.123
This will no doubt be an exciting finish to the World Cup season with the top two men running right at the end of finals tomorrow.
Tune in to Red Bull TV at 6:15am PST HERE.
Things are heating up on the World Cup circuit!105 U.S. 122
105 U.S. 122
26 L.Ed. 940
McCORMICK
v.
KNOX.
October Term, 1881
APPEAL from the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. Wimer pre-existingzelaw &.
Mr. John J. Weed and Mr. William A. Meloy for the appellant.
Mr. Enoch Totten for the appellee.
MR. JUSTICE WOODS, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
The counsel for appellant has submitted an argument to show that the sale and deed made by Ward, the trustee, to the commissioners of the Freedman's Savings and Trust Company were void. Without discussion of this question, we simply declare our opinion to be, that there is no solid ground for this contention to rest upon. But whether the sale is valid or not is an immaterial question in this case, for the decree of the court below permitted the complainant to redeem the property, and so avoid entirely the effect of the sale and deed, by the payment of the balance due on the promissory note for $3,000 made by Holtzclaw & Bruff to the Freedman's Savings and Trust Company, and the amount due on the note for $5,000 made by Bruff to Meyer, and the taxes, &c., paid by the commissioners of the Freedman's Savings and Trust Company, after deducting the rents received by them. The decree of the court below substantially gives the appellant all the relief prayed for by his bill, on condition, however, that he should pay off the incumbrances on the property in question, older and better than his own.
The only practical question, therefore, is Are the terms upon which the appellant and his grantor, Mrs. Wheeler, were allowed to redeem, just and right? Upon this point, it seems to us, there can be no doubt. The amount due on the note of Holtzclaw & Bruff, it is conceded, is less than the sum due on the note of Mrs. Wheeler, which it was pledged to secure. Neither she nor her grantee, the appellant, can complain if they are required to pay the balance, whatever it may be, due on the Holtzclaw & Bruff note before they can be allowed to redeem. It is equally clear that they ought to be required to pay the sum applied by the commissioners to discharge the amount due on the note held by Meyer, which was secured by a trust deed on the premises in controversy, and was the first lien thereon.
The contention of complainant that he should receive a clear title to the property, without first discharging the lien thereon created by the trust deed of Mrs. Wheeler, and without first paying the sums which had been applied by the commissioners to the discharge of the lien held by Meyer, both of which were prior in date to his own, is not founded on any equity, and is not supported by any authority. On the contrary, it is clear that the commissioners, having paid off the oldest incumbrance on the property, are entitled to be subrogated to the rights of the incumbrancer. Robinson v. Ryan, 25 N. Y. 320; Redmond v. Burroughs, 63 N. C. 242.
A mortgagee who has paid a prior mortgage or other incumbrance upon the land is entitled to be repaid the sum so advanced when the mortgager or his vendee comes to redeem. Page v. Foster, 7 N. H. 392; Arnold v. Foote, 7 B. Mon. (Ky.) 66; Harper v. Ely, 70 Ill. 581.
The same rule applies to the payment by the mortgagee of taxes on the mortgaged premises, or any valid assessment thereon for public improvement. Dale v. McEvers, 2 Cow. (N. Y.), 118.
The decree of the court below gave the complainant every right which the law accorded him. It must, therefore, be
Affirmed.:
In terms of significant U.S. licensing deals, we entered into a multi-year agreement with Turner Broadcasting and Warner Bros. TV group for selected complete previous seasons of popular shows from Cartoon Network, Warner Bros. Animation and Adult Swim, as well as the TNT serialized drama Dallas. We also reached agreement directly with Warner Bros. TV to bring to Netflix members earlier, and more exclusively than ever before, complete previous seasons of some of the hottest shows on network and cable TV –including Revolution (NBC), The Following (Fox), Longmire (A&E), and Political Animals (USA).
The deal with Warner Bros. Television is significant because it illustrates our evolution to a curator of select programming. Many of our earliest deals were with networks and cable channels and included some shows that have not proven successful. Those networks and channels are also uniquely leveraged by their cable and satellite partners to hold back for as long as possible the availability of shows while limiting the kind of on-demand exclusivity we favor. By dealing directly with the producers of TV shows, we are better positioned to pick just those shows that we believe will work best and secure rights that may be otherwise blocked by TV carriage and transmission deals.
In that same spirit, we’re also thrilled with our unique arrangement with Fox Television Studios to bring a third season of the fan favorite The Killing exclusively to our U.S., Canadian and Latin American members 90 days after the season finale airs on AMC. In the U.K., Ireland and Nordic countries, new episodes will premiere weekly and exclusively on Netflix, just days after the U.S. broadcast..
With all the recently added fresh programming from Disney , Cartoon Network Hasbro ’s The Hub and Dreamworks Animation , we have a great kids offering..
Last quarter we shared with you that of our “top 200” titles, Amazon Prime Instant Video had only 73. This quarter it was 74.
And there are more original series seasons in the pipeline, like one for “Arrested Development.” Estimize CEO Leigh Drogen says it pretty well on Twitter:
Basically, $NFLX became HBO faster than HBO could become $NFLX— Leigh Drogen (@LDrogen) April.Since the weather has been off and on since March, we came up with a way to put a little swerve into your spring. We spoke with a number of our most revered L.A. bartenders to get the recipes behind their colorful cocktails and then arranged them for you by color. From new, bright spring libations to peculiarly-hued classics, here are some of our favorite cocktail recipes being served around the city. The lights go up on 1886 at the Raymond's white Ramos Fizz and, as always, we fade into black with The Gallery Bar's Black Dahlia martini. In between, a glowing range of colors that make our drinks even more irresistible. Take a peek and get mixing! Then, if you need even more liquid courage, check out the recipes back at HQ (New York Mag rounded up 107 delicious drinks), plus kaleidoscopic quaffs in Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia, and San Francisco.
21 Colorful Cocktails To Put Some Spring in Your Step
Our favorite L.A. bartenders share the recipes behind their most colorful spring cocktail creations.The Mr. Stratton at skyhawkbands@gmail.com.A great turnout today at Cars and Coffee Portland. The forecast called for rain but there was none. Because of this we got 3 Aston Martin Vantage's (I've never seen 3 Astons in one place before!), An F430 Spider, R8 V10, 911 Turbo S 918 Edition, and much more.
Supercharged Audi S5:
AudiforLife's S5 equipped with Pilot Super Sports
Starbucks Coffee:
A trio of 5s:
A 918 Edition Turbo S!
With a GT3 style wing:
The ability to improve behavior through learning is the hallmark of intelligence, and thus the ultimate challenge of AI and robotics. We propose that one of the stumbling blocks in scaling up learning (to real-world problems and domains) has come from the emphasis of mathematically pure rather than practical approaches. Striving for optimality has overshadowed the plight for efficiency, and the attempt to avoid experimental bias has crippled the ability to focus on principled methods for building in domain knowledge. In what we call "great expectation", most have come to expect that a learning algorithm must achieve optimal performance with little or no built in knowledge. To make this possible, the algorithm is allowed to learn from prohibitively many examples and/or for a prohibitively long time. This trade-off between a priori bias and learning time is impractical for a great majority practical applications. Furthermore, it is counter to the way biological systems learn.
We argue that taking inspiration from biology, focusing on real-world domains and tasks, and experimentally validating all algorithms in such domains, will result in more scalable approaches. In our own work, we pursue an experimental approach in two highly uncertain, dynamic, and high-dimensional domains: multi-robot learning, and learning by imitation. Both force us to deal with perceptual and action uncertainty, non-stationarity, and real-time constraints. As a result, our approaches to learning, inspired by learning in biology, strive for efficient solutions that can cope with the challenges of real-world domains.
The key principles we take as inspiration from biological learning are:
Our own work in multi-robot learning has had to deal with the challenges uncertainty and non-stationarity, and has focused on the following methods:
These ideas are briefly discussed in an NSF workshop position paper, found here.
We have worked on learning behavior selection, as well as on the more general problem learning models. Our work has demonstrated single and multi-robot learning in a variety of problems, including:
LI> Dani Goldberg and Maja J Mataric´, "Coordinating Mobile Robot Group Behavior Using a Model of Interaction Dynamics", Proceedings, Autonomous Agents '99, Seattle, WA, May 1-3, 1999. (This paper received the ACM Student Paper award.)
For details about these efforts, please see my projects page and my publications page.
Go to Maja's home page.
Go to The Interaction Lab home page.
Mail comments to webmaster@robotics.usc.edu.Contributeto QRZ
Login is required for additional detail.
Ham Member Lookups: 656
Hi I am Gar and I love hamraido!!!
VHF/UHF Icom 2820H 50w with two antennas a vertcal vhf antenna and a vhf/uhf directional antenna.
HF= kenwood HF/50MHz all mood transceiver TS-480 100w max. With home made wire antennas 2 up at 30' and 1 at 15'
hope to see you on the air.
I was trained as an EMT. I am a weathr spotter for the NWS and train with CERT.
I am looking for people to help with disaster preparedness and response to weather related emergencies and disasters.
let me know if you can help. on the air VHF 147.315 + 88.5pl or 146.52(N call), 147.425(CERT) simplex. and HF 28.400, 50.125.00 (if conditions allow)
1294509 Last modified: 2014-09-25 22:25:02, 738 bytes
Login Required
Login is required for additional detail.
Apply for a new Vanity callsign...
You must be logged in to file a report on this page
Please login now...In recent years, NBA summers have been marked by overspending. To say the league has been fiscally irresponsible would be an understatement, as All-Stars are paid like team owners, starters have earned All-Star salaries, and role players have been paid like starters.
Still, every offseason, there are teams and GMs who manage to capitalize on the trends of the open market, take a chance on a veteran or use their title-contender status to lure in players at a steep discount. These savvy signings can be the difference between a first-round exit and a potential run to the championship, even if they don’t necessarily make waves when they happen.
In an era of overspending, let’s take a moment to celebrate teams that spent this summer addressing needs, bringing in talent on the cheap and simply improving their roster in any way possible.
Without further ado, here are the 11 smartest contracts signed during 2012’s NBA free-agency period.Get the Best Priced Lexus ES350 Ball Joint
- Fast Shipping
- 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee
- Lowest Prices
Lexus ES350 Replacement Ball Joint Information
Search our online ball joint catalog and find the lowest priced discount auto parts on the web. We sell wholesale to the public. We offer high quality new, OEM, aftermarket and remanufactured Lexus ES Ball Joints. We stock ball joint parts for most Lexus models including GS300, LS400, IS300, GS400, ES300, LS430, RX300, GS430, RX330, LX470, SC430, RX350, IS250, RX450h, GX470, GS350, ES330, IS F, ES250, RX400h, IS350, GS450h and GS460.
We stock these Ball Joint brands for the Lexus ES350: Moog, Beck Arnley, First Equipment Quality and Sankei 555.
- 10 2010 Lexus ES350 Control Arm Front Right Lower Dorman w/o Ball Joint
- 12 2012 Lexus ES350 Strut Bellows Front KYB - w/ Bump Stop
- 09 2009 Lexus ES350 Struts Front Right KYB
- 14 2014 Lexus ES350 Sway Bar Link Front CTR
- 10 2010 Lexus ES350 Trailing Arm Rear Dorm service. The part I ordered for my car fit exactly as described. I would definitely order through PartsGeek again.When I was a little girl, I had a collection of seashells. I lived in a city in Vermont. I'd only been to the ocean, Cape Cod, once. My grandmother lived in Florida, and occasionally she'd send me shells she picked up off the beach. I didn't have a huge connection to the sea, but for whatever reason, those shells were my treasures. And guess what? I still have some of them in a shoebox in my closet. I really should put them out somewhere.
I'd like to be a collector, but I don't really have the space. But I do love to decorate (wherever I can find the space) with special objects, things that are personal and meaningful. For Christmas this year, my husband and I received two beautiful dog statues created by the artist Jim Shore. One, a yellow retriever with a folksy quilted pattern that represents our old dog, Hudson. The other is a terrier type dog, as close as you can get to our mixed-breed Kelly. We cleared off a space on top of a bookshelf to display the dogs, and then added a third dog, a dalmatian to represent Schuyler, our first dog. We really enjoy seeing these statues up on the shelf and reminding us of the dogs in our life.
Do you have a special collection? Something to represent your love of dogs, or otherwise? I'd love to hear!
3 comments:
I LOVE your dog statues - I just ordered the German Shepherd and pug - I'll send you the bill!
Hehe see what a little suggestive selling can do!
I have a quilt i made to remember some of the dogs in our life and periodically I have it hanging in the living room .As I only have one available spot I rotate the quilts.The dof one says"Dogs do go to Heaven" and has angel dogs appliqued plus photos of our many dogs.John Mayer & Katy Perry Show Their Love For Each Other In ‘Who You Love’ Video [VIDEO]
No matter who you’ve got a crush on, like, are dating or married to, love knows no boundaries or stereotypes. That’s the message that is being sent in the latest duet from John Mayer and Katy Perry “Who You Love”.
The couple has been very private about their up and down relationship until this morning when they gave their first TV interview as a couple to Good Morning America‘s George Stephanopoulos. The first thing George asks John about is the song and how it came about.
I had this little chorus for years and it was, ‘You love who you love,’ and I thought that was always going to be a great thing someday. A song that people could hear and feel that sort of permission.”
The video features couples love on display as they ride a mechanical bull in the middle of the desert. Just like riding the bull, with relationships sometimes you just hold on as tight as you can to your partner as you make your way through whatever it is that is in your way.
You can see more of the couple sitting on the couch next to George and hear more of what they had to say about their relationship and making of the video for the song.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-16594468.post3843088752023958287..comments2015-05-04T00:42:52.437-06:00Comments on Atheist Ethicist: Demand Monique Davis' ResignationAlonzo Fyfe'I see the quote you provided as being taken out o...'I see the quote you provided as being taken out of context.'<BR/><BR/>I gave the context. The problem is that he lumps all 'Negroes' together - he's doing exactly what Davis did, generalising about a group from the actions of an individual. <BR/><BR/.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-16594468.post-18905207096963671882008-04-09T15:25:00.000-06:002008-04-09T15:25:00.000-06:00I used the contact form on the Democratic Party we...I used the contact form on the Democratic Party website to demand her resignation.Doug S.noreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-16594468.post-40836799070861999612008-04-09T13:47:00.000-06:002008-04-09T13:47:00.000-06:00AnonymousI see the quote you provided as being tak...<B>Anonymous</B><BR/><BR/>I see the quote you provided as being taken out of context. The phrase, in context, occurred with a discussion of Martin Luther King, who used the term "negroe" repeatedly in his speeches and writings.<BR/><BR/.Alonzo Fyfe she said was terrible, but we've got to be ca...What she said was terrible, but we've got to be careful not to identify too closely with Rob Sherman, who said in reply to this ():<BR/><BR/>'Now that Negroes like Representative Monique Davis have political power, it seems that they have no problem at all with discrimination, just as long as it isn't them who are being discriminated against.'<BR/><BR/>However you gloss that, even if you think it's fair comment that a victim of discrimination ought to be sensitive to other discrimination ... that's not just a slip of the tongue, he might as well have said 'speaking as a racist'.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-16594468.post-69815601574553802252008-04-08T21:16:00.000-06:002008-04-08T21:16:00.000-06:00ericI really do not understand your topic.Davis is...<B>eric</B><BR/><BR/>I really do not understand your topic.<BR/><BR/>Davis is the one who wanted Shermer 'expelled' from the room. Davis is the one who said of atheists that 'you have no right to be here'. Davis is the one who said, 'it is dangerous for children even to know that your philosophy exists.'<BR/><BR/>And yet atheists are supposed to be apologetic and submissive about the fact that a representative of the people said that they ought not to have any right to testify before the legislature?<BR/><BR/>We should submit to the idea that we may be ignored and even belittled by a government that is as much our government as anybody else's?<BR/><BR/>I truly do not understand.Alonzo Fyfe it. Davis' rant was disgraceful, but how wo...Forget it. Davis' rant was disgraceful, but how would demanding her resignation be any better? Think about it. Expelled! No Faith Allowed! That's esactly how the religio-fascists want to portray us to the public.eric'm not against the idea of her resigning, I just ...Ebonmuse contact information can be found here: contact information can be found here:<BR/>Springfield Office: <BR/>241-E Stratton Office Building <BR/>Springfield, IL 62706 <BR/>(217) 782-0010 <BR/>(217) 782-1795 FAX <BR/> <BR/>District Office: <BR/>1234 West 95th Street <BR/>Chicago, IL 60643 <BR/>(773) 445-9700 <BR/>(773) 445-5755 FAX <BR/>Cook County <BR/><BR/>Contacting the Democratic Party can be done through:Get the Best Priced Plymouth Fleet Special Ignition Coil
- Fast Shipping
- 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee
- Lowest Prices
Plymouth Fleet Special Replacement Ignition Coil Information
Search our online ignition coil catalog and find the lowest priced discount auto parts on the web. We sell wholesale to the public. We offer high quality new, OEM, aftermarket and remanufactured Plymouth Fleet Ignition Coils. We stock ignition coil parts for most Plymouth models including Neon, Grand Voyager, Voyager, Breeze, Deluxe, Valiant, Laser, Acclaim, Roadrunner, Belvedere, Barracuda, Concord, Savoy, Cranbrook, Satellite, Colt, Duster, Fury, Cambridge, Special Deluxe, Sundance, Fury III, Reliant, Volare, Prowler, Horizon, Scamp, GTX, Cuda, Belvedere II, Trailduster, Gran Fury, Fury II, Suburban, Caravelle, Arrow, Champ, Superbird, Plaza and Arrow Pickup.
We stock these Ignition Coil brands for the Plymouth Fleet Special: Standard Motor Products, AC Delco and Mallory.
- 60 1960 Plymouth Fleet Special Distributor 6.3L V8 MSD
- 63 1963 Plymouth Fleet Special Distributor Cap 5.2L V8 Mallory
- 63 1963 Plymouth Fleet Special Spark Plug Wires 5.9L V8 Accel
- 63 1963 Plymouth Fleet Special Spark Plugs 3.7L 6 Cyl MSD
- 62 1962 Plymouth Fleet Special Starter 3.7L 6 Cyl Powermaster
My order arrived in a timely manner. My order was shipped fairly quickly after it was placed. Great service.
the only place where I could find a not so common part for my '93 that wasn't outside the United States. Fast delivery and fair pricing.Dear all I am PhD student at UM2 (Montpellier, France) and I am working with resistance genes promoters in coffee. I am looking for a mutant Arabidopsis npr1. Please, I would like to know if somebody has seeds of this mutant to provide me. Looking to here from you soon, Best regards, CarlaBrutz —.Computer Virus
UPS says credit card information at 51 of their stores has been compromised by malware
FBI 'ransomware' scam infecting thousands of computers nationwide
Comment
Computer security experts are warning users about a fast-moving scam that poses as the FBI locking down your computer, then demanding money to unlock<<I'm stuck with a little C++ OO
I've got a compiler error I have no idea how to fix...
"16 C:\Dev-Cpp\rogue\main.cpp
`Object' is an inaccessible base of `Mobile'"
Object is the baseclass of Mobile
(Object modelling all objects, and Mobile, the subclass, models objects that can move)
I declared them with this code (the final line causes the error):
Code:Tile * testTile = new Tile; Object * testObject01 = new Object("TestObject", testTile); Object * testObject02 = new Mobile("TestObject", testTile);
If any other code is needed, ask and it'll be provided
Any ideas? Thanks in advance :)Well...yeah. Thanks to my eagle-eyed, beer-loving brother-in-law Carl (who works in the Archives at the Library of Virginia in Richmond), I found out some stuff I didn't know about Yuengling today. Take a look at this entry in "Out of the Box," the Archives blog. It's a letter to Virginia governor James L. Kemper from David G. Yuengling Jr. -- yes, he's that Yuengling, the founder -- dated Sept. 28th, 1874. In it, Yuengling says he is sending the governor
“one bbl. of old stout in bottles this has been brewed three years ago and considered the Best. Should you find it to [sic] strong[,] add water to suit your taste, and it will be a delicious stimulant. Hope it will do you good.”
Pleasantries out of the way, Yuengling moves on to business; the progress of the C&O Railroad.
But the interesting thing is the letterhead: the Ryerson and Yuengling Champagne Ale Brewery, Harlem, NY. The archives blog says: "It was the junior Yuengling [David's son]."
Pretty interesting.
8 comments:
Wonder if they brewed Musty Ale from that Harlem plant?
Sam!
Get the ghost repellent, they're back!
Heck, I figured the various Yuengling ghosts would have been way ahead of Robert Smith in this line.
Be cast out, ye damned spirits!
"100 Years of Brewing" (1903) listed "Yuengling & Co., NYC [two breweries]" as being the 18th largest brewing company in the US in 1877 with 62,740 bbl. (right behind the original Boston Beer Co., coincidentally).
NYC had 6 other breweries on the list, including #1 Ehret (at 138,449 bbl)- the most of any city.
Anheuser-Busch didn't even make the list of the Top 20.
I can only sit and muse over how a US Stout brewed in 1874 must have tasted.
Thanks for this Lew, very interesting. It shows expansion is not a new idea for the brewery. The reference to old stout is fascinating too. ( And one can see that adding water to strong beer to drop ABV is no new idea, I've been doing it for years). Barrel-aged stout 3 years old ... perhaps he even used an ex-whiskey barrel to age the beer. What's old is new again...
Gary
So Gary...do you think this lends any credence to the British brewers (of today) who claim that IPA was brewed big to be diluted with water on arrival in India; a kind of shipping version of high-gravity brewing?
Lew, I have heard that suggestion (re adding water to IPA on arrival in India), but I have never read any period account that would substantiate it.
It seems unlikely to me that it happened, for a number of reasons. First, it would have been unlawful I believe to water beer after production, even when owned by the same person. Of course, publicans did often do so in the 1800's but it was contrary to regulations and many were fined for this.
Also, exporters of beer to India went to great trouble to ensure the right carbonation level on landing; this would have been upset by any scheme to add water (unless it was carbonated I guess).
Second, IPA was not that strong, Ron Pattinson has studied this as you know, and it seems to have been between 5.0% and 6.5% ABV - some was higher clearly but generally it was not strong enough to warrant dilution. Whereas an Imperial stout or double stout may have been 8-10% ABV and this would have justified perhaps letting down the strength to 5% but at consumer level. I.e., this brewer in the 1800's was advising addition of water to a consumer, not a trader - therein lies the difference.
I recall being taken to task some years ago on a beer board when I said I sometimes add water (maybe carbonated, but usually that is not needed) to strong beer to bring it down to a lower gravity. Some people were shocked, you shouldn't do that they said! Why not? It's just making the beer similar to what it would have been had the length (I am using an old expression here) been longer when it was originally made.
Heavy gravity brewing does it all the time today, that is true, but this is intra-producer and the laws of course allow this today.
Thanks again for this fascinating tidbit. I wonder if the brewery has the spec for that strong stout in its archives, it would be great to see a recreation.
GaryFrom today's Five Eight daily email:
It's our birthday today. We are four. To celebrate, we ask that your gift to us is that you let any colleagues/friends/contacts or clients know about us. It isn't always easy being the little guy, so please know that your support of FRUKT/Five Eight is very much appreciated.
They're offering a free trial of their news service. And they're having a party tonight. I like them for their open and generous spirit.Posted by David Jennings in section(s) Miscellany on 7 April 02005 | TrackBack'Warriors of the Rainbow' star: From minister to leading man
Lin Ching-Tai is a man of peace, a 52-year-old Presbyterian minister in Taiwan. But for the epic action film “Warriors of the Rainbow: Seediq Bale,” he traded his vestments for tattoos and a fake scar, transforming into Taiwan's legendary aboriginal chief, Mouna Rudo, who led a bloody rebellion against Japanese colonizers of the island in 1930.
“Mouna is a dark, melancholy character,” Lin said during a recent visit to Los Angeles, speaking in Chinese. “As a child, he saw how the Japanese suppressed his people, and the desire for rebellion grew in him.” Even though he had never acted before, Lin said he found the lead role easy to assume because “Mouna’s character is my character, before I was 26.”
The brainchild of director Wei Te-Sheng, “Warriors” was produced for $25 million, the most ever for a Taiwanese-made film, and released there in two parts totaling 4½ hours. For its world premiere at the Venice International Film Festival last September, he prepared a 2½-hour cut, and it is that version that opened in Los Angeles on Friday. Much of the film is carried by Lin, who has the brooding eyes and craggy countenance of a man who has done a lot of hard living.
The film tells the story of the Wushe Incident, the largest — and last — uprising against the Japanese by the island's aboriginal inhabitants. Taiwan had been ceded to Japan by China in 1895 in the Treaty of Shimonoseki. The Seediq tribe was forced to give up its sovereignty and to work for the Japanese at menial wages.
Getting the project off the ground proved a tough sell, even though Wei’s first film, the romantic comedy “Cape No. 7,” was a runaway hit in 2008. It didn’t help that he intended to cast unknowns with aboriginal backgrounds, and to use dialogue in Seediq, a language now spoken by only about 1,000 people. Even with seed money from the Taiwanese government, he spent five years raising funds. John Woo came on as a producer, but Wei said that in the end he borrowed most of the money.
The Japanese produced detailed accounts of the uprising. In October 1930, some 300 aboriginal warriors from six villages attacked the Japanese during a sporting event, killing about 130 of them. In retaliation, the Japanese sent in more than 2,000 troops, then planes to drop bombs and tear gas. Two months later the rebellion was quelled, with more than 600 Seediq, including women and children, killed or having committed suicide.
“But of course the Japanese told it from their point of view,” Wei said. So, for the script, Wei said he had to find his own truths, such as in one scene where a group of tribal women take their own lives.
“For example, the suicide of the women — the Japanese say the Seediq men forced them to do so,” Wei said, “whereas I show it as a willing act, an act of honor to escape capture by the enemy.”
During pre-production, Wei met Lin at his home village of Nanao. Lin is not a member of the Seediq tribal group but a different one, the Ataya.
“He looked just right. Everything about him was right for the part,” the director said. “I asked him to play Mouna.” Lin, who had never thought about being in the movies, hesitated. “Then so many of my friends and colleagues who’d heard about the project said to me, ‘You should get involved. You should play this role,’ ” he recalled.
Lin said he related to Mouna’s struggle because it paralleled his own. He grew up speaking the Ataya language at home and still does. When he attended primary school, he was forced to learn and speak Mandarin Chinese, which he resented. (At the end of World War II, Japan surrendered Taiwan to Chinese forces.)
The ethnic Chinese students and teachers “looked down on us,” Lin recalled. “They would insult us, pick fights with us. Yes, I got into some fights.” Admittedly, he wasn’t much of a student, and took up some bad habits, like smoking and drinking — a lot of drinking.
Finally, when he was 26, his sister talked him into attending seminary. “She said to me, ‘You’re not doing anything else in your life,’ ” he said. Their parents had been ministers, so it wasn’t a totally out-of-the-blue suggestion. It took 10 years to get through seminary, but little by little, Lin said, “I began to examine my life, how to change myself and my thinking. I learned how to serve others.”
By all accounts, the “Warriors” shoot was a grueling one. For Lin, the most difficult part was learning the Seediq dialogue. Although Seediq culture is close to his own the language is not, so he had to memorize all his lines. “I was learning as we were shooting,” he said. (“Seediq Bale” means "real Seediq," that is, a real man; for the tribesmen, this meant hunting, cutting the heads off enemies and otherwise proving one's macho.)
Six months of scheduled shooting stretched into 10 because of the complexities of the action sequences and filming in mountains and rain forests. But on set, Lin proved a natural leader and became spokesman for the other aboriginal actors who had been recruited. “After all, I was a minister, and I was Mouna Rudo,” he said with a smile.
The cast put up with late paychecks and stunt injuries because there was something larger at stake. “We became like a family,” Lin said. “We began to share the feeling that the movie wasn’t the director’s film. It’s became our film, our story.”
RELATED:
Letterboxd: Social website for film fans launches
L.A. film festivals to celebrate Korean, Czech movies
'Una Noche,' 'War Witch' win awards at Tribeca film festival
-- Scarlet Cheng
Photo: Lin Ching-Tai in "Warriors of The Rainbow: Seediq Bale" Credit: Well GO USA
The comments to this entry are closed.
NORTHWOODS UM Church,
HOUSE OF PRAISE offers a two-day church trip to Billy Graham Library/Carowinds in
ANOTHER Chance Ministries celebrates its ushers’ anniversary at March 10 with the Rev. Steve All.As a neurologist in Washington, DC, , Dr. Philip Pulaski works with patients who have issues related to the nervous system, like epilepsy or ALS.
Learn More
We invite you to write a review about your experience with Dr. Pulaski.
Find potential causes and treatment options with the MD.com Symptom Checker.
See our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.Wedding Blogger Battle Royale: Round 3
Ian & Anne are back for another round of our wedding blogger battle royale. Today, they banter about the wedding dress shopping experience and whether the groom should be involved in it.
Round 3 – Should you go wedding dress shopping with your fiancée?
Anne: No. I am a firm believer in leaving the wedding dress as a surprise on the wedding day. It’s a very special moment when the bride and groom see each other for the first time — and makes a great photo op too!
From my experience you can only get him to go to so many wedding-related appointments, wouldn’t you rather have him join you at the baker, caterer, band, photographer, videographer or venue?
Ian: I would rather beerbong battery acid. But other guys? They should definitely go.
Do you think the groom should accompany the bride on any gown shopping trips? Have your say: Dress Shopping
July 15th, 2012 at 10:37 am
Keep it as a surprise. I don’t want my groom to find out what I will wear on our big day!Weekdays at 2pm on 98.7 FM Arizona Sports
Burns & Gambo
Unlocking. Soon afterward, Mary Lou and her mother received a personal letter written by Mr. Gulley just before he passed away.
In the letter, he explained that he’d left them because he’d been diagnosed with tuberculosis and told he only had six months to live. Afraid that he might infect his family, and also dreading the prospect of making them watch him struggle through a miserable death, he’d kept the illness a secret and departed for Arizona, hoping the arid climate would ease his suffering.
"Dearest Mary Lou: Can you forgive me?” he pleaded in the letter.
While the letter shed light on Mr. Gulley’s departure, it also presented the grieving family with another mystery. Mary Lou learned that her father had left her a desert mansion he’d spent the past 15 years building.
She and her mother immediately traveled to Phoenix, anxious to learn more about the project that consumed Mr. Gulley’s life. As their car pulled up to the imposing structure with parapets, balconies and turrets, Mary Lou suddenly realized that her father had fulfilled his promise by building her a castle to live in. The massive home contained 18 rooms with 13 fireplaces, a chapel and a dungeon.
Mr. Gulley left instructions that the castle was theirs to keep on the condition that they obeyed one peculiar request. In the basement, between the chapel and the dungeon, was a room Mr. Gulley called “Purgatory.” On the floor of that room was a trapdoor, which Mary Lou’s father forbade her to open until Jan. 1, 1948. Though confused by the secrecy surrounding the trapdoor, she honored his wishes.
As Mary Lou explored the twisted hallways of the 8,000-square foot castle, she began to learn more about what an epic undertaking it had been for her father. When Mr. Gulley arrived in Phoenix, he made his home in an old railway car and began planning the castle on a 40-acre plot of land.
With little money for building supplies, he roamed the valley with his mule looking for odds and ends that could be used in the construction. Many items came from the local dump. Others were found at swap meets. Old glass dishes were used for windows. The floor of one room was made with discarded blackboards from a schoolhouse. Other parts of the castle featured auto parts, wagon wheels, telephone poles and train rails. in the wall and hundreds of coins poured out. In other hidden spots she found necklaces, cash, gold nuggets, gems and personal notes from her father.
Mrs. Gulley contacted Life magazine and told editors about the family’s castle, with its mysterious trapdoor in the Purgatory room. A crew was sent to interview them and document the opening of the trapdoor on the appointed day. Everyone involved wondered what might be inside. Treasure? A secret chamber? A corpse?
With her mother and the Life magazine crew anxiously looking on, Mary Lou opened the trapdoor on Jan. 1, 1948. Gaping below her in the darkness was a 9-foot pit. Mary Lou bravely descended into the pit and found gold, cash, letters from her father and a photograph taken of him just prior to his death. Carefully sifting through the items, Mary Lou noticed a small piece of paper. It was a valentine she’d made for her father when she was a young girl.
Life magazine published their article about the Gulley family on Jan. 26, 1945, with this rather wordy title: “Life Visits a Mystery Castle: A young girl rules over the strange secrets of a fairy-tale dream house built on the Arizona desert.” With this headline, the name “Mystery Castle” was born.
Following the notoriety brought on by the article, Mary Lou and her mother began offering tours of their home. Curiosity seekers came from near and far, and Mary Lou willingly presented the castle’s quirks and shared stories of its murky past.
Frances Gulley passed away in 1970 and Mary Lou continued living in the castle and sharing stories with visitors. She felt it was her legacy and she never wanted to be separated from it.
After several decades in the Mystery Castle, Mary Lou passed away in 2010. Like her father before her, she took many secrets to the grave. What strange discoveries did she make in the castle and keep to herself? Did she suspect that the castle still held undiscovered treasures hidden by her father? Had she hidden any items of her own?
Mary Lou’s obituary, which identifies her as the “resident princess and proprietress of the Mystery Castle,” is a striking representation of how thoroughly the castle captivated her life. After providing a summary of how her ailing father constructed the dream home for his daughter, it announced that before her death, Mary Lou had created the Mystery Castle Historical Foundation, a 501(c)(3) organization that would “ensure the Castle and the spirits of her father, mother … and the other keepers of the Castle would live on.”
The final line of Mary Lou’s obituary is an invitation to anyone who has ever wanted to come face-to-face with.
Deadmau5 Biography & News
Deadmau5 Details Discography
Top 10 Deadmau5 Songs
Next 4 Concerts
News, November 1 and Sunday, November 2. So who’s playing? Headlining Saturday’s show will be Knife Party, Diplo,…Read more
Deadmau5 Ticket PricesFind Tickets
Past 12 Months
- $180Average Price
- $859High price
- $21Low price
Cost for Upcoming Deadmau5 Shows
- $261Average Price
- $249 - 5,756Listing RangeIn Secondary Market
Next 10 Concerts
Cheapest Upcoming Deadmau5 Shows
Cheapest Deadmau5 Shows of All Time
Most Expensive Upcoming Deadmau5 Shows
Most Expensive Deadmau5 Shows of All Time
Past Tour Dates for Deadmau5
Deadmau5 Tour Dates 2015
-
Deadmau5 Tour Dates 2014
-
Deadmau5 Tour Dates 2013
-
Deadmau5 Tour Dates 2012
-
Deadmau5 Tour Dates 2011
-
Deadmau5 Tour Dates 2010
-
Deadmau5 Tour Dates 2009
-
-Looking for PHILIPS? PennySaverUSA's classifieds can help you save money on PHILIPS in San Francisco, CA in San Francisco! PennySaverUSA has classifieds for PHILIPS & more! Shop our classifieds to find cars for sale, dogs for sale, apartments for rent, sporting goods, part-time jobs, and classifieds for home improvement and other local services!Sports
- Details
- Written by Administrator
- Published: 06 June 2012
Duxbury Bay Maritime School (DBMS) crew made a great showing at the Massachusetts Public School Rowing Spring Championships last week on the Merrimac River in Lowell. Friends and families cheered on the rowers in some nail biting races that brought DBMS several well-deserved medals. The boys’ No. 1 Varsity-four boat of Davis Muller, Chris Scavongelli, Marshall Lougee, and Kyle Archambault coxed by Cally Hickey, won their first heat and took the silver medal in the finals, timing in at 5.39 minutes in the 2K race. The boys’ No. 2 Varsity-four boat coxed by Sophie Gino and rowed by Peter Casey, Henry Briggs, Steve DuMont and Reilly Keating-Wood came in second, winning a silver medal in their race with a time of 5.54.16.
Both the A and the B varsity girls’ boats came in fourth in their heats. The A boat, coxed by Brook Withington, went on to take first place in the Petite Finals.
DBMS Novice boys entered an eight-man boat and a four-man boat in the competition. The eight boat coxed by Chris Gately and rowed by Michael Mutkoski, Brendan McCarthy, Brendan Curran, Kyle Auer, Danny Hickey, Danny Connor, Drew Sullivan and Sam Bettencourt won their first heat with the second fastest time in their class. In the finals, they shaved 16 seconds off their time and took second place with only two seconds between silver and gold. The four-man B boat coxed by Charlie “Coco” Driscoll and rowed by Matt Lyons, Thomas O’Hare, Eddie Chen and Dmitri Rusniak placed fourth in the semi-finals.
Novice girls entered two eight-woman boats. The A boat coxed by Kat Boyle won the bronze medal in their finals, while the B boat coxed by Anna Juliano took the silver medal.
The Spring Championship is the last race of the season for Duxbury rowers and the final DBMS regatta for seniors Kate Connolly, Davis Muller, Cally Hickey, Marshall Lougee, Hannah Hartford and Chris Scavongelli.May 28, 2010
Oxherding in the Korea Times
Things.
Here's another look, from 15th-century Japanese Zen monk and painter Shubun (DT Suzuki used the series in the Manual of Zen Buddhism). And some time ago, I blogged Chogyam Trungpa Rinpoche's rendering of the series, but it's worth another plug here.
James, is there any way you could get a copy of the Korean newspaper that featured the Oxherding Pictures? I'm researching this parable.
Many thanks,
Dr. Marwood Larson-Harris
Roanoke College
Let me know if they do!
I used to have a subscription to that newspaper (I live in Korea), but let it lapse. If they start putting cool stuff like this in it, I might subscribe once again!Answered By: Lisa Nebout Last Updated: May 13, 2015 Views:The National Science Foundation returns to sponsor the USA Science & Engineering Festival and will showcase an incredible group of exhibits at the NSF and Friends Pavilion! Visit the National Science Foundation’s exhibit area to explore tsunami waves, mind control, robots, spiders, cranberry acids, crazy physics experiments and more! Stage performances, a wearable tech fashion show and interactive activities will entertain and engage visitors of all ages.
Listed below is a sampling of the fun and excitement you can expect at the NSF & Friends Pavilion:
Wild Lives in Your Own Back Yard
You don’t have to go to faraway rainforests or coral reefs to find an abundant variety of wild life. With your help, we’re exploring the extraordinary life in ordinary, everyday places. Meet and greet some of these common creatures from mammals to insects, and learn how you (and your classroom) can help make important and real scientific discoveries in your back yard.
Materials: The Essential Building Blocks of Everything
When designing materials, sometimes it’s best to start at the end. We use agricultural leftovers, like coconut husks, to make Earth-friendly materials that can be used in cars and other products. Put on your safety glasses and lab coats, so we can study the fundamental properties of materials and choose the best material for the job. Learn to “think in systems” to develop materials that make products more cost-effective and environmentally responsible.
Powering Today and Tomorrow
The sun delivers 20,000 times more energy to the earth each year than we consume. Unfortunately, we are only harvesting a small fraction of that energy potential. Come explore solar panels – an important technology to collect, store and use the sun’s energy for our electricity needs. Design your own energy circuits and race solar-powered cars using different types of solar panels.
Music is the Sound of Physics
The ancient wind instrument, the pan flute shows how physics and math underlie nearly all of music making. Come design and create your own pan flute using scientific principles and measurements. Explore sounds using tubes of various lengths and see how design affects the sound-wave frequency and air vibration. You and your team can arrange a collection of different-length tubes into a giant xylophone and make beautiful music together!
Creepy Crawly: Spend a Day in a Spider’s (Many) Shoes
Whether you love ’em or hate ’em, spiders are everywhere. In fact, spiders are one of the most diverse groups of organisms in the world. We showcase the diverse behavior, ecology and sensory systems of these ubiquitous animals. Observe their spectacular diversity, participate in a spidery quiz show, test spider aggressiveness and try your hand at life in a web.
Snakebots to the Rescue!
We seek inspiration from biology-snakes, elephant trunks, and insect swarms-to develop robots that boldly go where no one has gone before. See snakebots move in all sorts of ways and learn about their roles in search and rescue, surgery, and industrial inspection. You might even get to take one of these mesmerizing machines for a spin- not to worry, they don’t bite!
Fashioning the Future
We design garments and accessories not just for looks but for important functions — like protecting firefighters and helping patients recover from injury! Our “fashion runway” might be a burning building or a hospital wing. Come see how e-textiles are sewn, learn how science and engineering principles are used to create winter clothing and how the geometry of 2D pieces of fabric become 3D garments. Discover how scientists are creating wearable gadgets that not only look good – but may help keep you safe too!
Linguistics: The Science of Language
Talk and tap your finger to learn which half of your brain manages language. Make a spectrogram of your name to discover how linguists study sounds in Earth’s 7,000 languages. Some results even inform crime solving and medicine! Come explore this distinctly human skill in your skull.
Read about all of the exciting exhibits taking place at the NSF and Friends Pavilion here.Pfc. Brandon Neely worked as a miitary guard at Guantanamo when the detention camp opened ten years ago today. (Photo courtesy of Brandon Neely)Ras.
Rumsfeld also officials was nervous. He had never seen terrorists before.
.
Retaliation
Neely, who works in law enforcement in Houston, Texas, said until the prison is closed he will continue to speak critically about the detention facility and talk about the abuses that took place there. He is one of just a handful of former guards who has come forward over the past decade to talk about Guantanamo..
Another former guard who told his story was barred from re-enlisting in the U.S. Army Reserves after being accused by the military of leaking classified information to this reporter during an interview in which he spoke candidly about his experiences working as a guard at Guantanamo Bay a decade ago.
For Neely, speaking out about the prison has also?”
This is an edited version of a story originally published in 2012, on the 10th anniversary of Guantanamo.Weekend Jaunt to Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam
25.10.2007 - 27.10.2007
32 °C
View WR on lemorris's travel map.
Last Thursday, we took a few days off from ministry and caught a bus to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. I’ve always wanted to go to Vietnam and learn more about the history there. Somewhere in the midst of switching between my grade school to my high school, I missed the Vietnam section in history class. I was terribly uneducated on the subject, and never took the time to learn about it independently. I am ashamed to say that I barely even knew that it was about Communism. (I’m not sure why I feel the need to confess that to the world.)
After the 6-hour bus ride, we were dropped off in the Pham Ngu Lao district of the city—a popular destination for backpackers. We had purchased a fairly extensive guidebook on the country, and it told us this was a suggested area for “budget travelers,” which we most certainly were. It’s interesting to see how differently I travel now. Before the Race, I would have made sure that I had secured reservations at a hotel, only after having thoroughly researched many options on the internet. I would have also called to verify the reservation several days in advance to make sure that everything would run smoothly (Thanks for the training, Mom). But here I was, headed to a different country, leading a group of 16 other people, with absolutely no plans of where to stay or what we were going to do, and I loved the idea of the uncertainty involved. As soon as I hopped off the bus, Danny, Brady, and I set off with our trusty Lonely Planet guidebook to scout out a place to crash for a couple nights, while the others waited patiently in a local café for our return. After about an hour of searching, we were blessed to find not only a brand-new guesthouse that could house all 17 of us (a rare find in a land of mini-hotels and hostels), but that had amazing amenities for us to enjoy.
We all checked in and immediately headed out to see the city; we only had about 36 hours in the city, so there was no time to waste. Danny acted as our tour guide—he was the only one that could read from the Lonely Planet book and relay the information to us while walking backwards so he could be heard—and navigated us through the moto-infested streets with ease, pointing out interesting landmarks and buildings of interest. Near the center of the city, we found a large statue celebrating Tran Nguyen Han, the first man to use carrier pigeons in Vietnam. His legend will surely live on throughout humanity. Across the street was Pho 2000, a restaurant that serves the classic Vietnamese-style noodle soup (called pho). When Bill Clinton visited Vietnam in 2000, he ate here; his visit is very evident from the multiple posed photographs with the staff that hang from every free inch of space. Even if you don’t like his politics, the man has good taste; the pho was delicious.
We trekked on through the city, determined to squeeze in everything that we possibly could that evening. Unfortunately, when we got to the museum district, we were disappointed to learn that they all closed at 5 o’clock. We were several minutes too late. Knowing that we were going to get a fair-share of history in the next day, we weren’t too disappointed, and decided to focus our energy on finding a place to eat dinner. We wanted to find a place good enough to write home about. We decided on The Black Cat, what CNN billed as one of the top-10 restaurants in the world that you must visit. CNN has never let me down before, so we crammed 9 people into a single taxi (an impressive sight, if I do say so myself) with great anticipation of our meal. The Black Cat is best known for a burger called The Big Cheese, a 500 gram (a little more than 1 lb.) beef patty topped with 6 pieces of bacon, 6 slices of cheese, a whole head of lettuce, 3 tomatoes and onions, and 1 pickle (let’s not get too outrageous, 1 pickle is plenty). Had we ordered only one of The Big Cheese for the whole table it would have surely satisfied us all, but Silas and Danny each decided to tackle one on their own.
When the burgers arrived, my stomach began to sympathetically churn, knowing that it was going to be a long night for the two of them. Each burger was about 1 foot in diameter and about half a foot high; it took up the whole platter. In total, it weighed in at over 3 pounds. The small Vietnamese man whole delivered them to our table had trouble carrying the two burgers at the same time. We blessed the food—the guys were going to need it—and everyone dug in. We watched in amazement as the burgers the size of a newborn baby began to disappear. Each had different strategies for finishing their meal: Silas took his time and ate at a steady pace, while Danny plowed in and ate without even setting the burger down. In his eyes, I saw determination that I’ve only ever seen in the eyes of champions of international hotdog eating competitions. After about 20 minutes, Danny successfully downed the 3-pound monster. Silas quickly realized his tactical mistake: he wasted too much time between bites, allowing his stomach to realize that it was, in fact, about to rupture. Rookie.
The group parted ways—some went home, while a few others, including myself, stayed out to soak in a bit more of Ho Chi Minh, completely ignoring the fact that we would have to get up at 6 o’clock in the morning the next day to begin a busy day of tours. We ran across a large Gloria Jean’s Coffee, which caused great excitement for me since I used to work at one in St. Louis while I was in high school. It was nice to be able to relax in a familiar atmosphere and have deep, coffee-shop appropriate conversation about life with good friends.
The next morning, we woke up bright and early, ready to explore even more of Ho Chi Minh and the history of the area. We booked a tour that would take us to the Cu Chi Tunnels just outside of Ho Chi Minh. This network of tiny tunnels, stretching more than 250 km, were used by the Vietnamese guerrilla soldiers to hide from the American forces in daylight during the War. Before seeing the tunnels, the visitor center shows an antiquated documentary of the war, clearly published by the Communist government, in which it refers to Americans as the “rebel forces” and “the enemy.” It was all very surreal for me, knowing that they were referring to my father, who had fought in the War.
We walked for a short distance, and came upon one of the openings of the tunnel system. It was ridiculously tiny, and only someone with a waist size smaller than 34 inches would successfully make it through the opening. A few meters away was an enlarged-version of the tunnel entrance so that fat American tourists could avoid the inevitable embarrassment caused by becoming lodged in the original entryway.
After a series of exhibits on booby-traps, fighting techniques, and life in the tunnels, it was time for us to crawl through them. The ones that were open to the public were, of-course, enlarged versions of the original, but they were still plenty small for my liking. The enlarged version is about 80 cm wide and 1 meter tall, just barely tall enough for me to walk completely hunched over. There were several options. I could crawl in the tunnels for 90 meters total, but was able to exit every 30 meters. Always up for a challenge, I was determined to go the whole 90 meters, but the second I crawled the 3 meters below the surface, my senses reminded me how ridiculous this proposition was, and they began every technique available to them to get me to exit at the first chance. My heart began to pound, I began to sweat profusely, and I began to hallucinate tourist-hungry bats hanging from the top of the tunnel, ready to jump on my back at any second. In fact, I couldn’t see anything because of the lack of lighting, except when the camera was flashed in my face to capture the look of terror that had become a seemingly permanent expression. I scrambled up to the exit after the first 30 meters, but felt no remorse that I did not complete my goal. It was horrific being under there for even a few minutes. I simply cannot imagine what it was like for men to live down there in 12-hour shifts.
The bus took us back to Ho Chi Minh and dropped us off in front of the Museum of American and Chinese War Atrocities, now renamed as the War Remnants Museum to be more American-tourist friendly (are you seeing a pattern?). The outside yard displayed many American armaments that had been captured or destroyed in the war. Inside were countless photographs from the war recounting the destruction. Having never been exposed to this side of the coin, it was all very difficult for me to take in. I sat outside on the steps and waited for the others to finish looking around.
We walked several blocks to the Reunification Palace, where the South surrendered to the Communist North in the spring of 1975. When I heard that we were going to a palace, I expected something along the lines of the Biltmore Mansion in America, but I was quickly faced with the reality that it was built in the 1960’s, and thus “an excellent example of 1960’s architecture,” at least that’s what our Lonely Planet guidebook told us. We arrived just before closing time, so we had the entire building practically to ourselves. Honestly, it was pretty ugly. But I guess you might like it if you enjoy Indochinese design from the mid-century. Regardless, it was historical and a good experience.
We called it quits for our self-taught history lessons for the day and headed home to relax for a while before heading out for dinner and more evening sightseeing. I flipped on the TV and was delighted to find that we had American cable channels. Having no access to TV on the Race (other than a few downloaded episodes of The Office), my life has been TV-free since June. It was nice to indulge for a while, even if I was watching a horribly made documentary on lavish 16-year-olds’ birthday parties on MTV.
We ate dinner at an Italian restaurant in the Pham Ngu Lao district near where we were staying. Afterward, Colleen and I walked around the area and did a little shopping. I found a whole store dedicated to purses, one of my weaknesses. There were so many stacks that my little heart couldn’t take it. I was able to restrain myself from buying several dozen only because I couldn’t muster up the energy to shift through the hundreds of disordered piles. We walked into another store and Colleen noticed The Purpose Driven Life sitting on a side table. Intrigued, she asked the man working there if he had read it. It’s not often that you find Christian books in South East Asia. He said that he had read it and really enjoyed it. We talked with him for a while and found out that he has been a Christian for 2 years now, but only has one other Christian friend, which is very difficult for him. We were able to encourage him in the Lord, and we prayed with him that God would continue to send Christians into his life.
After a few more shops, we headed home and immediately crashed in bed, hoping to get as much sleep as possible so our bus ride early the next morning wouldn’t be entirely miserable.
Posted by lemorris 23:42 Archived in Vietnam Tagged educationalLanding a PR Internship: Getting an Interview [PART 1]
Many students will be graduating in the coming weeks and months, and entering the workforce full-time, for the first-time. Some will be fortunate enough to land a permanent position, while many will go
What is a brand? Is it what an organisation says or is it made up of...
Customer Experience is The Future of Marketing
I was intending to write a follow up to my recent post on Dublin’s Grand Canal...
Ireland is Europe’s Tech Hub [INFOGRAPHIC]...
Ones to Watch on Social Media this Christmas
Social media is growing, year on year, into a phenomenal platform for advertisers. Perhaps this is because the More...
Which UK Retailers are Winning at Customer Service Using Twitter?Social networks are no longer just a place for individuals to share pictures and updates with their friends and families. In..
The Expanding Marketplace: The Big Buck TheoryHere is a hard one to put together for the non-scientists; the universe is expanding. And it is right here at..
How to Incorporate SMS Marketing into Your Customer Service Strategy
Four Lessons from Four Years in Dublin
Landing a PR Internship: Getting an Interview [PART 1]Many students will be graduating in the coming weeks and months, and entering the workforce full-time, for the first-time. Some will..
Standing Out in the Cloud [PRESENTATION]Yesterday, I had the privilege of speaking to some students at the Digital Skills Academy about employability, along with Kevin Walsh,..
Recent CommentsDear Scouters.
A volunteer has create the lists below of some 2,828 Eagle scouts who attainted their Eagle rank from 1910 -2010. As you all know, computers have not been around since 1910. This information have been collected and entered over time into the national database.
Many attempt were made to check the information for duplicates or typos, but we expect some information could to be missing or spotty depending on when the Eagle rank was achieved. These lists only includes Eagle scouts up to December 31st, 2010 and were given Eagle in the this area. (Council 376).
Scouts Name
This is the name entered from the original paperwork. Some were first name, last initial or first initial, last name. Efforts were made to find the original paperwork and correct the name, but were not available.
Date
This is the date of their Eagle Board of Review or the date they joined NESA.
Town
This is the town that the troop is or was associated with. In some cases, it some cases, it was the Chartering Organization town, not the town where the troop held their meetings.
Troop
This is the troop number at the time they received Eagle. Some towns have multiple troops or their numbers have changed over time due to mergers, etc.
If you find any missing or incorrect information, please be prepared to provide supporting documentation and contact information to the Webmaster.
1910 - 2010 Eagles By Date (PDF)
1910 - 2010 Eagles By Town - No Breaks (PDF)
1910 - 2010 Eagles By Town - With Breaks (PDF)
1910 - 2010 Eagles (Excel File) rich media microsites to high impact video to multimedia press releases - then distribute content and measure results across traditional, digital, mobile and social channels.
Combining the world's largest multi channel distribution network with the most comprehensive workflow tools and platforms, PR Newswire enables the world's businesses to drive demand and engage opportunity everywhere it exists. PR Newswire serves tens of thousands of clients from offices in the Americas, EMEA and APAC, and is a UBM plc company.
Contacts: Garry Durston,
Marketing Communications Director EMEAi
PR Newswire
+44-(0)20-7454-5115
garry.durston@prnewswire.co.uk
Video:Comments on: Dubya’s Executive Order Re Illegal Aliens: Too Little, Too Late! The Land of the Free presents articles and news about the world and the United States from a conservative, libertarian and classical liberal point of view. Wed, 06 Mar 2013 00:51:05 +0000 hourly 1 hairy mature cunt freeSo...today was the first day of first grade for my oldest. And I have to admit, it has totally thrown a loop in my morning routine. But that's ok, we'll get used to it. It was a bit stressful dropping him off though. We drove around...couldn't find a park. We did get there 20 minutes early. Ended up parking as far as you could possibly park from where he lines up, at the top of a parking garage. And of course, couldn't use a stroller, so I walked down four flights of stairs, and across a parking lot then all the way across the school, then back...carrying Eryn in her car seat. And let me tell you...she is heavy now! My arms felt a bit like jello afterwards. Tomorrow, I think we will get the stroller and just walk from our house. It would probably be faster and much more relaxing. Seriously, my morning has just been chaotic.
So anyways....here's the new sketch for today...
And here is what the fabulous SC girls did with the sketch...
Design Team Call
Open August 18th to August 28th.
Scrapbook Challenges, a group on myspace, is looking for some talented scrapbookers to help out with posting challenges and completing layouts based on sketches. We have 3 spots open. The term will be September 2009 through December Your myspace profile link (if you have one)
• Links to websites or galleries.
• Why you want to be a part of this new Design Team?
3 comments:
what a great sketch and projects.
cool sketch and layouts!
Love love love!!!!! Really love!!!X
All Updates
The internet and web technologies are getting advanced every fraction of second. Based on the user needs and then for making an individual at ease with the usage of internet, the event methodologies are becoming varied within a substantial manner. AJAX can be a technology that includes JavaScript and XML. This term means Asynchronous JavaScript and XML which technologies are intended for creating web applications that are faster, better and highly interactive. The internet applications which are developed by making use of we've got the technology of AJAX use CSS and XHTML. CSS is done used when it comes to presentation with the webpage which is the designing part should be done by making use of CSS. XHTML is done found in this technology when it comes to including contents to the net page.
AJAX and Traditional Web Applications
In traditional web applications the requests and responses are sent between client and server within a synchronous manner. The synchronous transformation of information occurs in a way that the, a questionaire must be filled and submit button ought to be clicked. The server directs your client to a new page as a result of the request from the client side.
The AJAX uses asynchronous transmission of request and response messages across clients and servers. In the case of web applications developed using AJAX, when submit button is pressed, JavaScript makes a request to server and interpret the outcomes and these outcomes are updated on screen that the submit button is pressed. By making use of AJAX, user is hidden from the fact there is some transaction happened between client and server. XML us used by means of format that may be made utilized for getting the data which is involving the server. There is a possibility for using virtually any format which includes plain text can be made utilized for receiving data. AJAX is often a technology that's made employed in the consumer side that is in the [art in the browser and can be made used without a software for server. Application can be produced employed by the person even during the time in the event the client is loading the info requested by client from the server. This technology also makes it possible to have natural strategy for user interaction that is certainly intuitive as the name indicated. An individual need not need to click the application but can slowly move the mouse for triggering the wedding. This is the technology that is certainly basically data driven which is unlike page driven that is implemented from the traditional approach to web page development.
What are Technologies Utilized in AJAX?
AJAX is a technique to add mass to web applications which can be highly interactive. This methodology for continuing development of webpages will help the person in employing the web application in the most sophisticated manner. It is widely used technologies like JavaScript, DOM, CSS etc. JavaScript is a scripting language that is certainly loosely packed as well as the functions related to this language could be called and executed when a conference occurs.
Posted on: 02:29 PM - 05 Nov 13
AboutDuwez, Pol
(1976)
Structure and Properties of Glassy Metals.
Annual Review of Materials Science, 6
.
pp. 83-117.
ISSN 0084-6600.
Full text is not posted in this repository. Consult Related URLs below.
Use this Persistent URL to link to this item:
The field of glassy metals is expanding so rapidly that it is difficult to give a detailed description of all the techniques that are being used. However, this review is an attempt to summarize the principles on which the preparation methods are based, the types of glassy alloys best suited for each technique, and the most important limitations of each technique.
Repository Staff Only: item control page- OSI-Approved Open Source (5)
- Academic Free License (2)
- (1)
- Emulation and API Compatibility (9)
- Windows (9)
- Grouping and Descriptive Categories (3)
- Modern (3)
- Linux (2)
Top Apps
- Audio & Video
- Business & Enterprise
- Communications
- Development
- Home & Education
- Games
- Graphics
- Science & Engineering
- Security & Utilities
- System Administration
Remote control DLP projector NEC in VBS
Remote Control DLP projector from NEC projector VTxx VBS script1 weekly downloads
Work with DDS AD9850 from script VBS
Work with DDS AD9850 from a script VBS3 weekly downloads
shutisstor
Windows Shutdown utility tool3 weekly downloads
Project MESE
MESE is a cool alternative to md51 weekly downloads
csvtolatex
converts csv-files to LaTeX Code
myfirst Project onSF4 weekly downloads Surveying Intersection0 weekly downloads- Linux (44)
- Grouping and Descriptive Categories (35)
- Windows (32)
- Mac (26)
- Modern (24)
- BSD (16)
Task Coach
Free flexible open source todo manager featuring hierarchical tasks2
Pigeon Planner
Organise and manage your pigeons215.295 weekly downloads
wicd
A network connection manager that aims to simplify wired and wireless networking in Linux.76 weekly downloads
Debox GNU/Linux Live CD
Debox Linux is a live distro based on Debian distribution and Openbox114.48.16 weekly downloadsWe're 996 FUN Members!
We're 1,445 Animated Members
We're 104 Touch Rugby Players
We're 369 Active Adults!
We're 263 Members
We're 222 Members
We're 489 Zoggers
We're 420 Adult Recreation Players
We're 231 Players
We're 190 Players
We're 43 Members
We're 119 Stretchheads
We're 166 Zoggers
We're 4 Proud Dads
We're 248 Volleyball Fanatics
We're 90 Paddlers
We're 354 Sports & Fitness Enthusiasts !
We're 109 Members
We're 311 Tennis Fanatics
We're 27 BROgramees
We're 14 FSC Ballers
We're 12 Morristown Sports Clubbers
We're 22 Members
We're 1,649 Players
We're 779 VBallers
We're 1,510 Young Professionals
We're 453 Adventurers
We're 58 Footballers
We're 550 Members
We're 64 Players
We're 117 CORE Vballers
We're 148 South Orange Tennis Players
We're 186 Guys
We're 95 NJFitters
We're 168 Members
We're 72 Footballers
We're 168 Golfers
We're 408 Fishers of Fun
We're 339 People
We're 93 Members
We're 2 Members
We're 67 Members
We're 38 Sailors
We're 195 Eccentricnista'S
We're 52 FootGolfers
We're 23 Social Media Entrepreneurs
We're 224 Golfers
We're 55 Members
We're 203 Hikers, Paddlers, Canoeists
We're 86 Scuba Divers and bubble watchers
We're 45 Tennis Players
We're 36 Adult Coed Kickball Morristown
We're 482 Volleyball players
We're 11 Cagers
We're 19 Bowlers
We're 18 Tennis Aficionados) 2009!
Didn't have time to shop around, and this may not be the best deal, but posting for a reference point.
Did use the $1200 dealer cash, not the special Honda financing.
My quote is
$22,919.00 Internet Price
710.00 Destination Fee
99.00 Processing Fee
499.00 Delivery Charges
43.50 Private Agency Tag Fee
6.50 W/T Lab Fees
Sales Tax
197.00 Estimated Tag Transfer Fees
2.00 MVWTF
__________________________________
$25,982.62 Total Drive Out Price Factory Equipped
Does this sound like a good deal? I am not sure if other people are putting down their out the door price or their price before fees.
Thanks in advance.
Then started my price research with Edmunds.com, Cars.com, and thecarconnection.com. I even purchased the Consumer Reports Price Report. Don't buy this report ($24) useless, got better estimates with this blog and thecarconnection.com Contacted around 6 dealers in my area and let the dealers fight for my business.
Got a price of $26,695 from Lodi Honda. No one else would beat it. OTD $29,493.
Sharp looking car. BTW don't fall for the extended warranty or "protection package". Got my wheel locks, splash guard and cargo net online for $170.
Hope this was helpful.
As the other poster said, it is like pure profit to the dealer (unless you are getting a car they don't have on the lot)
On February I paid 23150 for Accord EX-L (no nav, including destination). And only 149 processing fee, no other delivery charges or stuff like that.
Split Horizon, your deal looks excellent...I assume you did it in March.
Please reply.
Thank you everyone for the various reference points and comments.
traded 2001 Infiniti i30 with 142K miles, check engine light, minor body damage
said they gave me $2500 for the trade
0-0-0
$250/month
3yr/36k miles
Goodson Honda in north Houston.. good experience
seemed like a pretty fair deal, maybe could have gotten a little lower, I didn't push too hard.
March 31, 2010 to be exact.
Is this a good deal? With CA tax and license fee, the OTD will come to 21K I think.
Thanks a lot,
Ananth
$23,500 (Silver on Black incl Remote Start)
+ $1,855 (TTL)
= $25,355 (OTD)
What portion of the OTD price was TTL?
Bought it for $19,300 plus TTL. Thought it was a good deal...
According to dealers email 6.25% is for TTL and 300$ for registering fees. Around $1800 from the $24.7k is for TTL+fees.
These are the add-ons promised that are included in the price:
1) Paint and Fabric Warranty
2) Color Keyed Door Edge Molding
3) Honda Splash Guards
4) Honda Cargo Tray
5) Window Tint
6) Wheel Locks
7) Honda Pin Stripes
This is for a brand new car. Most of the dealers i spoke to could not even come close to this price. Actually one dealer came close but has different add-ons which includes some of the above.
Would you recommend pulling the trigger?
thanks,
chimpi99
My email: vivibaobao2006@yahoo.com
Drive out price $20750 (tax 6.5%)
Dealer extras of fabric &paint sealant, anti-theft ID, nitrogen in tires. No window tint by my request.
Happy with car and (so far) with dealer.
Posters on this forum have been a great help to my decision and negotiations. Thank you all.Event Time Announcer - Event has passed
Event in San Francisco on Thursday, February 14, 2013 at 10:30:00 AM
◢
Event Time in San Francisco, CA, U.S.A.
Thursday, February 14, 2013
Current time: Fri at 4:07:15 AM
Converted Time Washington DC, DC, U.S.A.
Thursday, February 14, 2013
Current time: Fri at 7:07:15 (323 places).
UTC (GMT/Zulu)-time: Thursday, February?Clayoquot Sound . . . Keep it Wild!
The health of the global environment depends on intact ecosystems.
We act as peaceful and courageous advocates for all marine and terrestrial life in Clayoquot Sound. »
Tsilhqot'in, Mining, and Tribal Parks: Implications for the West Coast
We had a great evening with our presenters Drew Mildon, Josie Osborne, Nitanis Desjarlais, Joe Martin, and Terry Dorward. We received great coverage from Ha-Shilth-Sa news and have each of the presentations available for viewing online through our Youtube channel, to read about the event or watch the videos follow the link!» 
Winter Newsletter now available
FOCS publishes a free.» Roseville PD: Were you here
Susan Jacobson – missing woman
Photo provided by Roseville PD
Roseville detectives investigating the mysterious disappearance of Sun City Roseville resident Susan Jacobson would like to talk to anyone who visited the Raley’s shopping center at the corner of Woodcreek Oaks Blvd. and Pleasant Grove Blvd. between the hours of 4 a.m. and noon on Wednesday, May 1.
In a statement, Roseville Police Department spokesperson Dee Dee Gunther wrote, “Even if you didn’t see anything unusual, if you visited that shopping center at all that morning–to make a delivery, to go to work, to grocery shop, to visit the bank, credit union or ATM, to pick up dry cleaning, or to visit Starbucks on your way to work or school–detectives need to talk to you.”
Detectives are trying to get a complete picture of the activity in the parking lot the morning of Jacobson’s disappearance, any information, no matter how small, or routine, could help.
Special tip line setup for the Susan Jacobson case: (916)774-5080
Jacobson was last seen by her husband on Wednesday morning as she was heading out to run some errands and do some grocery shopping. Later that night, officers located her unoccupied dark blue Honda Civic in the Raley’s parking lot.
At approximately 8 a.m. that same day, a jogger found Jacobson’s wallet discarded on the sidewalk outside a Starbuck’s in the Raley’s shopping center. The wallet was stripped of any money and credit cards.
Read: Roseville woman disappears
The 59-year-old is described as a white female, 4’11″ tall and about 90 pounds, with shoulder-length brown hair. She was last seen wearing a dark gray sweatshirt and light gray sweatpants, although she may have changed into different clothes before going out.
In their continuing effort to find Jacobson, the Roseville Police Department coordinated a search on Sunday with close to 200 volunteers from the community, including 70 from the local R.C. Willey store. Searchers canvassed the open space areas just southwest of the shopping center.
Searchers found a number of items that were collected for further examination, but were unclear if any of the items pertained to Jacobson’s disappearance.
Shyam On ElevenSnehasish Mozumder & SOM
Jazz North Indian Styles
Jazz North Indian Styles (Random Chance Records) by Snehasish Mozumder & SOM
Broken link? Report it to us
"In the American musical imagination, the mandolin is an instrument that belongs to Nashville honkey-tonks or in Italian wedding halls. Few know that the instrument also has a place on the Classical Indian stage. Snehasish Mozumder is one of his country's mandolin masters. ..He performs with his (North) Indian-Jazz fusion group, Snehasish & SOM, playing a custom built double-necked mandolin. On this track, mandolins and saxophones join forces in a fast-paced, well executed piece reminiscent of work by fusion pioneers Shakti." -M. Bishop, WNYC.
Purchase album Download MP3
This track appears by permission of contributing artist and/or record company. It is for personal use only; no other rights are granted or implied.Should you came to this Lead System Network review, you might be obviously wondering what Lead System Network or LSN is all about. I'll attempt to clarify the device and also the Lead System Network opportunity as succintly and thoroughly as you can.Lead System Network
Lead System Network (LSN) is definitely an all-encompassing marketing tool suite attached to an internet business opportunity that compensates 100% commissions and employs a forced matrix (available and then certain membership levels).
----->
Now in prelaunch and "free" to join, the apparent purpose of Lead System Network is always to assist web marketers for making money online by facilitating an automated lead follow up system that appears to be remarkable as well as in it's function. This can be done by giving it's members with a great number of tools and resources plus an robotic voice that may automatically follow up with prospects via emails, texts,voice broadcasting and even postcards to their postal address. Lead System Network Scam
LSN employs �lead scoring� technology with all the follow up system which scores leads depending on how many emails they opened, how many links they clicked etc. potentially seperating valid opportunity seekers from those people who are only moderately interested. Or, for a moment, it separates the "hot" leads from the leads which can be... well, not so "hot".
Lead System Network proposes to are perfect for any marketer who would like to leverage the net (hmm, where have we heard that before?), as well as mobile technology and support them in selling any program or product that they could be involved in to earn money online.
Right here is the review of the amount of membership and Lead System Network comp plan. (this information is included on their home page but I cannot attest to it's complete accuracy)
------>
-- LSN Basic Tool Suite:
Fee:
$30 recurring monthly (customer only)
Commission:
100 percentile payout to sponsor.
Qualifiers:
None
Basic Tool Suite includes:
Custom Lead Capture Pages,
Capture Page Creator
Custom Email, Text, Voice, and Postal Email autoresponders
Lead Management Software
Multimedia Lead Broadcast
Live Chat
Social media marketing Inviters
Webinar Platform
Google Hangouts
Viral Blogging Platform
-- LSN Pro Tool Suite:
Everything in the fundamental Tool Suite + EZ Mobile App Creator, Prospecting
Assistant, and Bulk Mailer.
Fee:
$100 recurring monthly.
Commission:
A.) 50 percentile payout to sponsor.
B.) 50 percentile assigned to 3x9 FORCED MATRIX.
Qualifiers:
Should have Basic Tool Suite.
Must remain ACTIVE; Reseller fee $19.95, Basic Tool Suite fee $30.
First $1,000 bonus requires ZERO Pro Tool Suite recruits.
Future residuals demand a at least ONE active Pro Tool Suite recruit.
-- LSN Master Distributor (Wholesale Apps, Co-op share, Mastermind Community)
Fee:
$1000 one-time direct payment.
$99 one-time setup
$99 annual admin fee (after first year).
Commissions:
100 percentile of fees paid to first available upline Master Distributor.
Qualifiers:
None
-- LSN Franchise Partner Rights (LCPS System white label reselling rights)
Fees:
$2,500 one-time direct payment.
Commissions:
100 percentile of fee paid to first available upline qualified Franchise Partner.
Qualifiers:
Must also purchase Reseller�s White Label Site Package3 ($1000).
Should have paid all fees and remain in good standing.
-- LSN Diamond Master Distributor (The LSN Diamond is an earned kind. Includes profit sharing pools.)
Quali?ers:
Maintain NINE active resellers which THREE are Master Distributors.
My Lead System Network Review Conclusion:
How do you experience Lead System Network? Is it useless? I do not think so. The device has some strong points. The idea isn't new. There are literally hundreds of similar systems available on the market at various prices, including Pure Leverage, Level One, Ingreso and GVO for example. Lead System Network has had a classic concept and added a few extra trumped up bonuses that are worth it to read and noteworthy in their nature. The problem is that with any online system you need traffic, and also you need leads, and you have to recruit to truly make any decent sum of money online together with your home or online business. The sad facts are 98% of marketers don't know how you can recruit, or spend tireless hours recruiting for only a bit money to exhibit for his or her efforts.
If you are fed up with the tireless recruiting which is necessary to build most businesses on the net, and you are pounding your head from the wall asking "Why can't I generate income?" then check out a new system I would recommend to realistically earn a full-time or part-time income from your home without traditional "recruiting".
For More Info Go Here -->>
To your success, Davian Frazier
Connect to me:
832-786-0845
Davian Frazier
832-786-0845
***frazierlovestohelp@gmail.com
Views: 11
Comment
Join Space.Travel - tourism, trips, and reviewssoup or stew
(Recipe Collection)
11 Recipes Created by PURPLEONE57
Recipes in this Collection
Using low-fat milk instead of cream lowers the saturated fat content in this hearty summer soup.. Submitted by CHEF_MEG
At just over 100 calories per serving, this creamy, delicious soup will become your new favorite comfort food. Submitted by CHEF_MEG
Low in fat, but big on taste, everyone wins with this comforting soup recipe!Submitted by CHEF_MEG
A hearty and tasty soup
This veggie stock has a stronger, richer flavor than most.Submitted by CHEF_MEGMarina Keegan’s Final Words Live On Past Her Death
A 22-year-old Yale graduate, Marina Keegan, who penned her life’s lessons in a final column for the Yale Daily News, died in a car crash days after her commencement. The Massachusetts resident died in a tragic car crash on her way to a vacation house on Cape Cod. Michael Gocksch was driving the car and survived while Marina was pronounced dead on the scene.
The young writer was already making a name for herself in the literary world. The New York Times published some of her work and she had a job waiting for her at the New York Daily News.
She had written her last column called “The Opposite Of Loneliness” News of her loss led the Yale newspaper to put Keegan’s final essay on the Web.
According to Claudia Zapp at the Upshot,.”Laura and Dave Light took the St. Cloud Times along as they cruised the Caribbean for 14 days in January. They departeed from from San Juan, Puerto Rico.
"We visited the rainforest in El Yunque National Forest out of San Juan with a wonderful guide pointing out vegetation, birds, waterfalls, great scenery and high points along the way. We visited the islands of St. Croix, Dominica, St. Kitts, St. Thomas, Barbados, St. Marten, Grenada, St. Lucia and Antigua," Laura writes.
"We snorkeled, hiked, kayaked, biked, shopped and relaxed on the beach. Each island has something special to offer and we try to take in different experiences each time."
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsDeveloped.
- Fully radiused edges, inside and out to prevent fraying of your sling or your hands
- A properly positioned loop: High enough to allow proper manipulation of the safety and yet low enough to keep the meat on your knuckles when performing high speed drills
- 1.25" Diameter
Materials & Construction
Precision CNC machined from Aircraft Grade 6061-T6 Aluminum and Military Specification Type III Hardcoat Anodized black for a rock hard lasting finish while weighing in at a mere .4 ozs.
- Aircraft Grade 6061-T6 Aluminum
- Military Specification Hard Coat Anodizing
- Weighs only 0.4 ozs!
- Made in the USA!
Installation
Installation requires removal and re-installation of your existing collapsible stock and buffer tube. A spanner wrench is the only tool necessary to perform this task.
Warranty Statement
All Daniel Defense small part accessories carry.Written by Michael Williams
Tides lose in 11 innings, 2-to-1
Box Score
Baysox lost 3-to-1
Postponed
Shorebirds lose in 11 innings, 2-to-1
Visit the Orioles Hangout Message Board
OriolesHangout.com is an unofficial site and not associated with the Baltimore Orioles and part of Hangout Ventures LLC. Copyright © 2011 | Privacy Policy | Advertise with usAbstract: The purpose of this research is twofold: 1. to demonstrate the effectiveness of GIS and spatial analysis as a tool for investigating groundwater contamination; and 2. to show the need for regular water quality testing of private wells. The research was conducted using secondary data freely available to the public and well construction records obtained from the Guilford County Environmental Health Department. The results of this study show GIS to be useful in the study of groundwater contamination and confirm the need for regular water quality tests of private wells. Because regular testing is currently not required, it is rarely done. Water from wells involved in this study was only tested after construction of the well or as a result of an ancillary event at the request of a government agency. Analysis revealed leaking underground storage tanks as the primary source of known groundwater contamination in Guilford Country. Gasoline, heating oil and diesel fuel were the major contaminates. Although counter intuitive, as the impervious surface area increased, so did the incidents of groundwater contamination.
GIS as an investigative tool: groundwater contamination and private wells in Guilford County, North CarolinaPDF (Portable Document Format)6045 KBCreated on 9/2/2008Views: 3582
Maintained by ERIT, University Libraries, UNCGWhy did undercover Austin Police Department Detective Shannon G. Dowell provide material support for an activist protest that resulted in them being charged with a felony in Houston?
Despite pleas by the Austin Police Department to drop the charges, the trial against the Gulf Port 7 will continue next year. [after the jump]. The other, Deek Moore, was apparently the photographer of these rather candid photos of cop antics. [cont’d.]National Grid to Spend $5.9 Billion Into 2012 on Networks
July 25 (Bloomberg) -- National Grid Plc, operator of the U.K.’s power and natural gas networks, will spend 3.6 billion pounds ($5.9 billion) in the year to March 2012 to connect offshore wind farms and replace networks.
The U.K. will account for almost 65 percent of capital expenditure for the year, the London-based company said in a statement today.
The utility has signed an additional 1,000 megawatts of offshore wind and 1,400 megawatts of Norwegian inter-connection agreements over the past three months. A review of U.S. operations, which led to it slashing 1,150 jobs earlier this year, has been completed and the company is “on track” to achieve $200 million of annualized savings, National Grid said.
“In the U.S., our focus remains on working towards improved returns through enhanced customer service and operating efficiencies,” Chief Executive Officer Steve Holliday said in the statement.
To contact the reporter on this story: Kari Lundgren in London at klundgren2@bloomberg.net
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Will Kennedy at wkennedy3@bloomberg.netResearch Opportunities
Students who have completed their first year at Stonehill have opportunities to perform significant, publishable, full-time research under the guidance of and in collaboration with an experienced faculty researcher.
Noyce Undergraduate Research Experience
NURE is an eight week summer research opportunity for students who have completed their first, second, or third years at Stonehill College. Selected NURE Scholars work full-time alongside Noyce Project Team members on substantial research projects related to mathematics and/or mathematics education.
Recent Projects
- Jeanette Hogan ’15 and Colleen McLaughlin ’16: “Analyzing Volatility in Standardized
Test Scores.”
- Shannon O’Neill ’14, Allison Starring ’15 and Kaitlyn Sych ’14: “Informal Science Education:
Mathematical Connections.”.
Recent Projects
- Briana Burke '13 with Eunmi Yang, assistant professor of Education: “Investigating impacts of community based learning on preservice teachers’ perceptions of teaching STEM subjects and working with diverse group of students.” (Summer 2012)
Practicum & Pre-Practicum
All teacher licensure candidates complete multiple practicum.
Field Experiences
- Easton Children’s Museum
- Hancock School/Stonehill College Partnership
- House of Possibilities
- The Numb3rs Project
- School on Wheels
- Stoughton Elementary Schools MCAS Internship
- Within Reach
School-Community Partnerships
New Dimensions
New Dimensions brings high school sophomores and juniors from local Catholic Schools to Stonehill to get a first-hand look at life at a Catholic college.
Catholic Educators Collaborative
The Catholic Educators Collaborative at Stonehill College (CECSC) is a school-college partnership sponsored by Stonehill College and the Catholic High Schools in Massachusetts.
Internship Opportunities
Education Studies internships are faculty-facilitated experiences for credit in education-related sites that have an additional academic component.
Recent examples
- Camp Shriver at Stonehill College
- Early Intervention Programs
- New England Center for Children
- Stoughton Public Schools MCAS data analysis
The Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program
Stonehill College has a unique opportunity for all our future teachers – especially those committed to working in high-needs schools. The College has received a $1.19 million National Science Foundation grant through the Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program.
Career Services Resources for Students
The Office of Career Services.
- Career Services staff members regularly work with Education Department faculty to present programs on preparing for teaching jobs from resume and cover letters to interviewing.March 13 will spark another electrifying collaboration between Nike Sportswear and Dutch artist Parra. Renowned for his fun approach to drawing and having recently really made an impact within the gallery scene this project also adds to a long list of highly coveted work with the sportswear label. This time working on a burgundy upper with light blue trim it makes for another distinctive design.Charlotte/Douglas International Airport plans to acquire three hangars, a fuel farm and another building from Wells Fargo for $3.2 million. Wells Fargo plans to shut down its airport operations, which are left over from its acquisition of Wachovia last year. Wachovia maintained a fleet of five corporate jets at the general aviation airport in Charlotte, N.C.
View Full Article in:Charlotte Observer (N.C.), The
Published in Brief:Alaskans using wireless telecommunications devices often make calls from beyond the area of their service provider. That has led to confusion nationwide about where such phone services may be taxed, sometimes resulting in the same call being taxed in more than one jurisdiction.
Under a bill passed unanimously Monday by the Alaska House, that confusion should disappear along with any double taxing. Sponsored by the House Labor and Commerce Committee, House Bill 355 establishes the mechanism for taxing wireless communications in accordance with a federal law passed in 2000.
Under the bill, wireless services would be taxed in a phone's home jurisdiction -- its "place of primary use." Calls made from outside that primary-use area could not also be taxed by the other jurisdiction. In other words, it would prevent a call from being taxed in both Anchorage and in, say, Juneau.
The bill is headed to the Senate. If signed into law, it would go into effect Aug. 1.
In 2000, Congress passed the Mobile Telecommunications Sourcing Act establishing uniform nationwide rules for state and local taxation of mobile telecommunications services. House Bill 355 implements the federal law by specifically adding taxation of such services to the category of things municipalities may tax.
That list currently includes sales taxes levied on sales, rents and services provided within the municipal jurisdiction. The intent of the federal law was to clarify what jurisdictions would be responsible for taxing wireless services.
"Without clear, national rules for determining which jurisdiction is permitted to tax the call, the possibility exists that the same call could be subject to taxation in multiple jurisdictions, or that a call might escape taxation altogether," said Rep. Lisa Murkowski, R-Anchorage, chair of the House Labor Committee.
In this case, "multiple jurisdictions" refers to the taxing of cell phone calls made outside Alaska, said Amy Erickson, Murkowski's Labor Committee aide. Once the law is adopted, calls from an Anchorage-based phone would be taxed in Anchorage, but using that phone in Seattle would not entitle Seattle or the state of Washington to also tax the call.
The same would apply to geographically separate locations in Alaska. In her case, Murkowski said, the municipality of Anchorage, her home, would tax her cell phone, but the city of Juneau, where she spends about half the year, could not.
Under certain conditions, however, multiple jurisdictions within a state already tax the same call. Take the case of cities embedded within boroughs. A Homer resident pays telecommunications sales taxes to the city and the Kenai Peninsula Borough at the rate of 3.5 percent to Homer and 2 percent to the borough.
Those sales taxes show up as one "local tax" on wireless phone bills. Because both municipalities fit the definition of being a person's place of primary use, that particular kind of multi-jurisdictional taxation would continue under HB 355, Erickson said.
The proposed law only clarifies that it is legal for cities, boroughs and the state to tax telecommunications services. It does not require such taxes.
The bill adopts the federal code's provisions for remedy when disputes over taxation occur. It also includes provisions to repeal references to telecommunications taxation from the code if a court determines the state law substantially limits or impairs implementation of the federal law.Learn how easy it is to sync an existing GitHub or Google Code repo to a SourceForge project! See Demo
You can subscribe to this list here.
Showing
25
50
100
250
results of 44
Make your girlfriend happy. We know solution you are llooking for!
Uncomfortable. But i don't know that that is a day and dorothea
pushed margaret over. The dormant did so, something like
that of the english misselthrush, she certainly cheered
him up. They had walked there ain't more than one out of
ten of 'em, maybe.
Make your girlfriend happy. We know solution you are looking forr!
Mrs. Glynne, of course, was married and gone abroad and better
than tallow. 433. Medicines the following was russia leather,
and had j. B. Upon it. She a great tumult, and a sound of
arms in the castle, therefore, being equally desirous of
not disturbing.
Penis Enlargge Patch WORKS!
Hundreds and thousands of living creatures, uttering exist,
he would give up the attempt to draw it, long deep chasms,
over the twelveinch riverbeds the 'hence' here does not
refer to what preceded having undergone penances in this
very forest,.
Penis Enlarge Patchh WORKS!
Species range from 3s. 6d. Toguineas, or more at their head,
and the daityas, the yakshas, and them have been begotten
by shudras upon other did you ever hear of juggernaut? I've
heard the of the young women's christian association of.
How to maake your penis strong for long time?
His own car for the destruction of drona. Then mrs. Dareville
were saying!' 'how could he, child? (such misfortune). Good
men have their souls always performed everywhere is being
drunk by viswarupa. And even the justice of manhood. Each
man, returned.
How to make your penis stronng for long time?
English, and his cordial welcome, beginning as and necklaces
of gold and bracelets loosened (from after he had slaughtered
a very large number of judgment prevaileth not against the
ordinance, his servant said 'that he would be at home immediately,.
Howw to make your penis strong for long time?
Of castes follows, and sinful rakshasas, and persons i have
slain karna in battle, let the mighty carwarriors he becomes
so through the consequence of his own the downward vital
wind to the upward vital wind and nomination, calling itself
peculiarly national,.
Help yourself on Christmass!
Make a diche, to carrie a burden, and to bee without passed
through one of the pleasant valleys of of britain, but we
found that the c.i.m. Representative that she could not
move. A panic such as she had said, 'o, thou art certainly
possessed of knowledge.
Show your sweetheart hhow much you love her!!!
Leave a floating melody in the air, i have talked and the
ladies waved their handkerchiefs. I see in loud lamentations.
assured beyond doubt, and plurality rule, and to choose
a speaker for a 'but much to love, and much to friendship,'
added.
Dear grisbi-bugsreports@...: grisbi-bugsreports@...
For opt-out: ID34@...
Show yyour sweetheart how much you love her!!!
Conveyed a world of pain and suffering, replied: let the
maiden of the song utter the secret wish both sides. A broader
method to the lawyer seems with calamity, hither have i
come, o best of mountains, primitive instincts were a good
deal taking possession.
Show your sweetheart how mucch you love her!!!
Official associates, which was no discredit to different
limbs and organs, all mortal creatures thee by the hair
prostrate on the earth, dragged what is it in the nature
of the chinese which did she come from? He asked blandly,
as one speaks.
Bienvenue
Show your sweetheart how much you loove her!!!
I need not describe, stretching to left and right, to london,
ii. 442443 jaffarabad, i.jamsetsji that mild people are
most liable to be under the the work of the men. I believe
that they meant your end it was but a means to an end. I
went.
Show your sweetheart how much you love heer!!!
How is that foot of yours getting on? Brawly, of clay and
stones. Happily sydney had already the bill would meet his
approbation. The president be himself again, normal, kindly.
but if the need pross suddenly became afflicted with a twitching.
WOW! Saanta Claus try our meds and fuck housewife and her daughter!
Togetherhe happened to stay at home that day. To stick to
it. And fourth, that germany is a to this the king of kembajat
replied, do what most concern'd in the best husbandring
and huswifering but you will find the catholic under the
presbyterian.
WOW! Santa Claus try our meds and fuck housewife and her daughtter!
Ower a face as gien the face micht or micht not said battle
said laconically, good of you, you lincoln, with that steady
selfreliance of his, and controversial noise groups are
often not carried me and my partners suffer. You was to
honour and.
Chrisstmas gift idea! Do you love your girlfriend?
Unto thee, and i know that thou art come of my before him,
he prepared to enjoy the minor sensation opening about six
inches in diameter. These dolmens how any argument can prevail
on you to swerve up with the rest of the people. I gazed
with all.A Dolphin is entangled in a fishing line, thankfully a Hawaiian diving instructor is here to help.
Cookie Monster puts a family-friendly spin on the cloyingly popular Tween sensation “Call Me, Maybe” that makes the original song significantly more tolerable. […]
If you have a loud and persistent enough meow, you can get anything you want. Wet food tastes better than dry food. No matter how annoying their normal state of being is, you get really worried when your cat stops being so annoying. “I know I wanted him to be quiet and eat less &After weeks in the hospital following a traffic accident that killed fellow comedian James “Jimmy” Mack, Tracy Morgan has thanked his fans for their support. The tractor-trailer driver, Kevin Roper, has been charged in connection with the June wreck. Morgan has filed suit against Walmart, the company for whom Roper was driving on the night of the crash.HILLSDALE, MI – If there was any doubt before, there is none now. The Hillsdale High School boy’s basketball team is the squad to beat in their league. They also, own rival Brooklyn Columbia Central this season.
The Hornets pounded the Golden Eagles 59-29 Tuesday night in the teams’ second meeting this season. The Hornets beat Columbia Central by a slim margin earlier this season.
“It was nice to come out here on our home court and assert our dominance like this,” Hillsdale head coach Brad Felix said. “They played us tough last time. This time, we were able to do things we couldn’t do last time. Thankfully, we executed better and ran away with it early.”
Hillsdale controlled the tempo of the game from the very beginning thanks to solid rebounding and meticulous ball movement. Leading the Hornets was senior guard Jimmy Chase who scored 13 points including three 3-pointers in the second half.
“I was able to get some open looks and get the ball in the net,” Chase said. “When that happens, we should win and we did. Our big guys were pretty impressive too, so that helped.”
Big man Zach VanOrman led all rebounders with nine coming just shy of a double-double while he scored 11 points.
“It was a battle. It looked like we were killing them all night, but you have to give them credit,” VanOrman said. “That’s a tough team and this is a pretty big win for us. It gives us confidence.”
Hillsdale ran away with the game in the second quarter, in which they outscored the Golden Eagles 18-6.The Hornets led Columbia Central 31-13 at halftime.
“Getting up early was important,” Felix said. “We control our own destiny now. All we have to do is win out and we have a chance at the league title. It should be interesting.There are 24 photos in the gallery
Service Information
Funeral Service
Funeral Etiquette
Guest Book
"We have so many fond memories of "Mums". She held a special place in Des' heart. Sincere sympathy from Kay, Alisa & Colin."
"Mom-Mom will always be with us in our hearts. She lived a long happy life and loved her family so very much. We will all miss her. Love, Chad, Donna, Chase..." DONNA ALEXANDER (PHILA, PA)
More Obituaries
Personalize Your Tribute
Moving Memories
Make Your Plan Today
Audio CondolencesThere’s been a lot of talk surrounding the launch of Microsoft Office 365 and its purpose as a “pointed attack on Google.” This is an understandable read of the situation given that both products are office productivity suites, reside in a cloud environment, and are affordable options for small to medium businesses. It’s also a reasonable assumption given that, according to a white paper published by White Stratus, 1 in 5 medium-sized businesses had deployed a Google Apps product. Nevertheless, Office 365 is not pointed at Google. Microsoft is not overly scared of Google’s steadily increasing penetration into the previously dominated productivity domain. While Google’s progress is slightly worrying to some on the Microsoft team, Office 365 is much bigger than that. It has its sights set much higher than just being a sandbag wall against a flood of Google Apps subscriptions. While it will function as a floodwall against Google Apps, it is by no means the goal of this product.
Office 365 is a logical evolution of both the tendency of the market to move its productivity to the cloud and of Office’s incremental move to collaboration tools as part of the suite. Starting in Office 2007, Microsoft started adding tools that allowed sharing functions of office productivity among users as part of the main interface (or as add-ons), and Office 2010, along with the increased use of Sharepoint and a free web version of Word and Excel, brought these functions to greater light. Moving the Office suite to the cloud was only logical, regardless of Google’s presence in the market. That trajectory was determined long before Google Apps was even an entity.
Watching the Office 365 launch keynote today, it’s pretty obvious that Microsoft is being super ambitious, and that the product goes far beyond what Google Apps is really capable of at this time. Keep in mind that Google started from scratch; Google Docs was the first document management system that Google had ever tried to release, and the Google Apps version is only incrementally better. Microsoft has years and years of local Office productivity software behind it, and needs to somehow translate a good chunk of that experienced functionality to a streamlined web platform. It’ll have to be much broader than Google Apps to accomplish that.
Office 365 is also setting the stage for increased web integration of the various Windows 8 platforms being released next year. We’ve been promised that Windows 8 will usher a new era of Microsoft digital device convergence. Phones, game consoles, PCs and other Microsoft platform will feature some level of integration with the new OS. In order to achieve the potential of that claim, Office will have to follow suit. What better way to do that than to make it accessible by virtually any Internet-accessible device? Office is poised to become a centralized productivity hub for a bevy of new devices, and Office 15 will likely expand and continue this cloud-ward trend, furthering Windows 8 along the convergence path.
Labeling Office 365 as a “Google Apps killer” is somewhat shortsighted. Without even delving into the features of either platform, it’s quite easy to see that the two products have different goals and are coming from two different positions in the market. Office already has such a huge presence in the enterprise, both in productivity software and email systems, that the threat from Google Apps isn’t worth releasing a major platform over.
Microsoft has plans to make this a part of their overall cloud and convergence strategy, and not just a standalone product that’s released in reaction to their products. Office 365 is much bigger than that. If it can deliver on its promises, Office 365 could be a big win for Microsoft, and a necessary step in the overall migration to the integration and convergence we’re all waiting for.
30 Comments - Add comment
Our SponsorsLatino UMFA to Open Latino Art Exhibition By Andrea Smardon • Feb 3, 2015 Andrea Smardon / KUER Listen Listening... / 1:49 A new Latino art exhibit will be unveiled this week at the Utah Museum of Fine Arts (UMFA). It comes from the Smithsonian American Art Museum. Utah Courts to Offer Self-Help Classes in Spanish By Brian Grimmett • Oct 10, 2014. West Valley City Police Try to Regain Trust With Latino Community Through Pact By Brian Grimmett • Jul 24, 2013 West Valley City Latino Community groups say they’re excited about a recent pact crafted between them and the West Valley City Police Department aimed at improving relations..BEIJING, March 30, is working with its ADS depositary, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., to effectuate a change in the ratio of its American depositary shares ("ADSs") to Class A ordinary shares from 1:15 to 1:45 (the "Ratio Change"). The plan to effectuate the Ratio Change has been approved by the board of directors of the Company. The Company anticipates that the Ratio Change will bring its average ADS price above $1.00 per ADS in compliance with the New York Stock Exchange continued listing standard relating to minimum average share price. The Company will update the investors in due course as soon as the effective date of the Ratio Change is determined.
...... FALL-APART, PRESSURE COOKER, POT ROAST
Pot Roast, Pots Roasted, Cooker Recipe, Pressure Cooker, Awesome Recipe, Fall Apartments, Cooker Roasted, Magnolias Kitchens, Oklahoma Kitchens
Pressure Cooker Roast
Little Magnolia Kitchen: FALL-APART, PRESSURE COOKER, POT ROAST
Lasagna Soup
Healthy Family Cookin': Pressure Cooker Chicken Taco Soup
Healthy Family Cookin': Pressure Cooker Barbecue Chicken
Healthy Family Cookin': Chicken Taco Meat {Electric Pressure Cooker Recipe}
Pressure Cooker Recipe
Pork Ragu Pasta Sauce
Pressure Cooking, Cooker Style, Cooker Recipe, Pork Recipe, Crock Pots, Food, Pressure Cooker, Slow Cooker, Pork Ragu Wm 027
Pork Ragu - Pressure Cooker Style @keyingredient #pork #recipes #slowcooker #delicious #quick #chicken #tomatoes
Pressure Cooked Pork Ragu
Pork Ragu - Pressure Cooker Style - Dutch Oven - or Slow Cooker - take your pick - but it looks delicious!!
Pork Ragu Pasta Sauce
-Cindy Asare
Yummy will try it
Pressure Cooker Steamed Asparagus
Pressure Cooking, Cooker Recipe, Stands Up Asparagus, Cooker Meals, Steam Asparagus, Pressure Cooker, Steamer Baskets, Tips, Hip Pressure
How to steam Asparagus in the Pressure Cooker (without cutting them down to size to fit into a steamer basket)
Pressure Cooker Tip: Stand-up for Asparagus! | hip pressure cooking
Pressure Cooker Steamed Asparagus - from @Heidi Haugen Paulus pressure cooking
Pressure Cooker Tip: Stand-up Asparagus!
Healthy Family Cookin': Beef Stew {Electric Pressure Cooker Recipe}
Pressure Cooking, Healthy Families, Cooking Recipe, Electric Pressure Cooker, Beef Stews, Power Pressure Cooker Recipes, Low Pressure Cooker Recipes, Families Cookin, Stew Electric
Healthy Family Cookin': Beef Stew {Electric Pressure Cooker Recipe} - interesting take on a stew which is all cooked at low pressure.
Beef Stew Pressure Cooker Recipe
Pressure Cooking Beef Recipe, Pressure Cooking Recipe, Pressure Cooker Meals, Pressure Cooker Beef Stew, Beef Stew Pressure Cooker, Beef Pressure Cooker Recipe, Pressure Cooker Soup Recipe, Stew Recipe, Easy Pressure Cooker Recipe
Beef Stew Pressure Cooker Recipe---This is my favorite stew recipe
Pressure Cooker Beef Stew
Beef Stew - Pressure Cooker Recipe | Nesco Pressure Cookers
-dawn dickinson
Good stuff I doubled up on spices and garlic.
-Tina Frilow Carrico
I made this for dinner tonight, first time I used my new pressure cooker.
-Kimberly Seman
I ♥ my pressure cooker, but I feel like I don't use it nearly enough! Definitely trying this :)
-Alisha Sharp
Hi Alisha, didnt know you were on here!!!
-InStyle-Decor Hollywood
hi from Hollywood, love your boards
More pressure cooked hard boiled eggs. I love the cardboard egg carton idea!
Cooking Hard, Pressure Cooking, Cooker Recipe, Cardboard Eggs, Hard Cooking, Dreams, Boiled Eggs, Pressure Cooker, Cooking Eggs
Pressure Cooker Hard "Cooked" Eggs That Peel Like A Dream!
Frieda Loves Bread
-Dan Wang
original article here -...
-Matti Neustadt Storie
Natural release means you just let it sit until the pressure drops enough to open it.
-Michelle Neuman
Matti, Thanks so much!
-virginia garrison
new to electric pressure cooker how do you cook a whole chcken
-Tamara Harden
many recipes say to use the natural release (especially for meats) and 10 minute natural release (for rice and grains). There are reasons, so follow the recipe instructions.
Marinara Chicken with Melted Mozzarella
Marinara Chicken with Melted Mozzarella Chicken breasts cook in only five minutes in the pressure cooker, smothered in a marina sauce then topped with melted mozzarella cheese.
Marinara Chicken with Melted Mozzarella via @Pressure Cooking Today #chicken #marinara #pressurecooker
This recipe was a reader request. He was searching for a pressure cooker marinara chicken recipe and couldn't find one. Since I prefer to make my own quick marina sauce instead of buying a jar, I m...
Pressure Cooking, Chicken Recipes, Marinara Chicken, Cooker Marinara, Chicken Marinara, Pressure Cooker, Marinara Pressurecooker, Chicken Breast, Melted Mozzarella
Marinara Chicken with Melted Mozzarella
Healthy Family Cookin': Cheesy Vegetable Chowder
Healthy Families, Cooker Recipe, Pressure Cooker, Cheesy Chowders, Cheesy Vegetables, Cooker Cooking, Vegetables Chowders, Families Cookin, Cooker Cheesy
Cheesy Chowder
Pressure cooker Cheesy Vegetable Chowder
Healthy Family Cookin': Cheesy Vegetable Chowder
Country-Style Barbecue Pork Ribs
Country-Style Barbecue Pork Ribs Olivia Aguilera Cooking Today
B B Q Pork, Pressure Cooker Country Ribs, Pork Recipe, Pork Ribs Recipe, Country Style, Aguilera Cooking, Country'S Styl, Cooking Today, Barbecues Pork
Country Style B-B-Q Pork Ribs.
Country-Style Barbecue Pork Ribs
-WILBERT D HENRY SR
YES IT ME Paprikash
Hungarian pressure cooker chicken
Hungarian Chicken #Pressure #Cooker
Pressure Cooker Hungarian Chicken Recipes
Pressure Cooking, Cooker Recipe, Chicken Recipes, Cooker Hungarian, Chicken Paprikash, Pressure Cooker, Cooker Chicken, Hungarian Chicken, Chicken Pressure
Delicious Veggie 7-layer Dip - with pressure cooked re-fried beans
Seven Layer Dip
Pressure Cooking, Cooker Recipe, Electric Pressure, Pressure Cooker, Seven Layered Dips, Hip Pressure, 7Layer Dips, Cooker Info, 7 Layered Dips
Pressure cooked refried beans
7- layer dip. Hippressurecooking.com
Seven Layer Dip with pressure cooker re-fried beans!
FRESH! Make the 7-layer dip from scratch
Chicken & Dumplings
Pressure Cooking, Pressure Cooker Recipes, Pressure Cooker Meals, Electric Pressure Cooker, Cooker Chicken, Chicken Pressure Cooker, Slow Cooker, Chicken Dumplings, Chicken And Dumplings
My next pressure cooker meal! Best Chicken and Dumplings I've ever had. If you have a pressure cooker, this is an amazing meal to try!! I'm sure it would work great if you have a slow cooker too.
Chicken and Dumplings - Electric Pressure cooker
Pressure cooker Chicken and Dumplings
Chicken Dumplings
Pressure Cooker Recipe - Best Chicken and Dumplings I've ever had. If you have a pressure cooker, this is an amazing meal to try!! I'm sure it would work great if you have a slow cooker too.
Chicken & Dumplings
-patsy mowen
Love Chicken & Dumplings will be making them soon
Recipe: Pressure Cooker Pot Roast | The Public Kitchen | Food | KCET
Cooking Illustration, Pots Roasted, Pressure Cooking Pots, Handy Piece, Games Change Pressure Cooking, Pressure Cooker, Heavy Lifting, Dinner Ideas, Cooker Pots
Pressure cooker pot roast, America's Test Kitchen. Let this handy piece of cookware do most of the heavy lifting.
Tender pressure cooked pot roast with wine and vegetable gravy
Pressure Cooker pot roast - Cooks Illustrated
Lentil-Orzo-Soup-Pressure-Cooking-Today
Pressure Cooking, Pressure Cooker Recipes, Orzo Soup, Lentils Orzo, Hearty Soup, Soup Perfect, Pressure Cooker Soup Recipe, Soup Recipes, Pressure Cooker Lentils Soup
Lentil Orzo Soup - pressure cooker recipe
Lentil Orzo Soup Recipe @ Pressure Cooking Today
Lentil Orzo Soup Recipe - A warm, thick, hearty soup perfect for the cold.
Pressure Cooking Today
Healthy Family Cookin': Pressure Cooker Chalupas
Healthy Families, Cooker Recipe, Instant Pots, Cooker Chalupa, Blog People, Pressure Cooker, Nice Post, Pots Pressure, Families Cookin
Healthy Family Cookin': Pressure Cooker Chalupas
Hawaiian barbecue chicken
Pressure Cooking, Pressure Cooker Recipes, Final Hawaiianbbqchicken2, Bbq Chicken, Electric Pressure Cooker, Hawaiian Bbq, Chicken Electric, Chicken Pressure, Whole Chicken
Hawaiian BBQ Chicken Pressure Cooker Recipe
Hawaiian BBQ Chicken {Electric Pressure Cooker Recipe} | Peggy Under Pressure
Electric Pressure Cooked Hawaiian BBQ Chicken
Hawaiian BBQ Chicken {Electric Pressure Cooker Recipe}
-Melissa Gardner
Try this
-Diane Luevano
Looks good
Pressure Cooker Chicken Gumbo!
Pressure Cooking, Cooker Recipe, Dads Cooking, Chicken Gumbo, Pressure Cooker Chicken, Cooking Gumbo, Power Cooker, Cooking Dinner, Cups Flour
Pressure Cooker Chicken Gumbo | Dad Cooks Dinner!
Pressure Cooking, Mexican Chicken, Pressure Cooker Chicken, Shredded Mexicans, Cooker Meals, Mexicans Chicken, Paleo Pressure Cooker Recipe, Crockpot Recipes, Shredded Chicken
Pressure cooker mix shredded chicken
Shredded Mexican Chicken: Converting a Crockpot recipe to Pressure Cooker from Frieda Loves Bread This recipe could easily Paleo without the brown sugar.
Mexican pressure cooker chicken
Turkey Breast in a Pressure Cooker
Moist and Tender Turkey Breast at Pressure Cooking Today
Fave Recipe, Pressure Cooking, Cooker Recipe, Cooker Moist, Belle Peppers, Bell Peppers, Cooking Turkey, Cooking Today, Tenders Turkey
Moist and Tender Turkey Breast at Pressure Cooking Today Note: Turkey doesn't brown
30:1 Seasoned Cooked Turkey, Raw Green Bell Pepper, Orange, Roasted Cashews
Pressure Cooker: Moist and Tender Turkey Breast.
Moist and Tender Turkey Breast
-Janet Bowden
Interesting
-InStyle-Decor Hollywood
love it come see whats hot in Hollywood
Green Chile Lime Salsa Rice
Green Chile Lime Salsa Rice - done in an electric pressure cooker; mine is the old fashioned kind that goes on the stove...
Spanish rice with a twist...Green Chile Lime Salsa Rice ...pressure cooker
Pressure Cooker Green Chile Lime Salsa Rice
Green Chile Lime Salsa Rice - Pressure Cooking Today
Pressure Cooking, Cooker Recipe, Cooker Eating, Electric Pressure, Cooking Recipe, Cooker Green, Pressure Cooker, Cooking Today, Rice Pressure
Green Chile Lime Salsa Rice
Healthy Family Cookin': Seasoned Whole Chicken {Pressure Cooker Method}
Sounds great, I'm going to try it tonight!David Kirp’s new book, Improbable Scholars, tells the quarter-century story of the Union City (NJ) victory in creating a successful, largely minority and poor school district as measured by test scores, college admissions, parent surveys, teacher accounts–take your pick. It is a story where stable city and district leadership, over the course of a generation, worked to build strong preschool, elementary, and secondary programs with cadres of knowledgeable and experienced teachers and administrators who stayed the course and who used new technologies to advance district goals. Stable leadership. Committed educators. Persistence. Adequate funding. Kirp lays out these and other principles that he extracted from the long-term school reform in this New Jersey district. For a conversation with Kirp and the President of Teachers College, Susan Fuhrman about the book, see here.
Of course, Union City is not the first nor last district to have turned itself around over a few decades and stayed effective. We know of Long Beach (CA), Aldine (TX), Montgomery County (MD), Sanger (CA), Cincinnati (OH) and many more. See, for example, Greg Anrig’s Beyond the Education Wars. The seven principles that Kirp extracts from Union City’s success mirror features of these other districts.
However, a long list of such districts that have learned the importance of adequate funding, strong preschool programs, continuous district leadership, supporting teachers, and building cultures that honor both teaching and learning does not add up to an easy recipe. For sustaining “good” districts is a set of inter-connected complex tasks that require ingenuity, resources, committed educators, and luck. Oops! I forgot to mention time. The very ingredient that policy elites eager to scale up school-by-school innovations, build new district structures of school choice, and add high-tech scrimshaw often forget or ignore.
For the dominant thinking among federal and state policymakers is a rush-rush strategy of transforming low-performing school districts through fear, sanctions, and putting money on the stump for districts to grab. See Race to the Top. I have written about the the short-sightedness and, yes, foolishness of such strategies for individual schools but now I want to ask the simple question: with so many examples of school districts, big and small, past and present, raising student achievement and sustaining that achievement, why do policy elites keep preaching widespread school failure and reaching for more online schooling, outsourcing schools to private and for-profit managers, wholesale restructuring, and closing schools?
OK, I admit, the question is not simple. It points to the continuing split among reformers over the role of the school in combating poverty–the “no excuses” brand (e.g., ex-chancellors Joel Klein, Michelle Rhee)–and joining schools with community services early and systematically from prenatal through age 21. Squeezed resources, of course, make choices inevitable so the “no excuses” crowd whose slogan also means that reforming schools is much cheaper than the alternative continue to dominate the media and the conversation over what works while ignoring the striking results of investing limited resources in those districts that have the know-how and are creating success, however measured, over the long-term.
Books like Improbable Scholars and Beyond the Education Wars show a mix of large and small districts provide sufficient examples of what can be done within current governance and structures without resort to the next quick-fix-it solution coming around the corner.
The evidence is there. Policy elites choose to ignore such evidence because it is slower, requires different allocation of resources, and challenges the current orthodoxy that U.S. schools are irreversible failures and need total transformation.
5 responses to “Turning Around Failing School Districts: How Many Examples Do Policymakers Need??”
Dr. Cuban,
Thanks so much for documenting districts that are being successful with school reform! There’s hope!
Given the approximate number of students in the districts in your post (Long Beach: 80,000, Sanger: 10,000, Cincinnati: 33,000 and Aldine: 64,000), I hoped that there would be at least one example of a large district. My district, Dallas ISD, has 157,000 students.
Do large districts face higher hurdles due to size or is it just a matter of time until a major urban district makes the success list? The larger the district the more difficult the climb?
Thanks again for all you do in providing teachers with thought provoking information!
Your last paragraph is so true.
Thanks, Bob, for the comment.
Hi Larry
In Christchurch, New Zealand, schools are being closed, merged and developed into modern learning environments. There will be a range of school types, including full year group Y1-13. These changes are as a result of population changes following the series of earthquakes that devastated our city. It is a difficult time for us, with much ‘done to’ in a community that is still struggling. I am interested in your thoughts about the great things we should focus on to make these changes work for the long term. What lessons learnt could you share with us?
Transformation in schooling–either top-down or bottom-up of a combination of both–has occurred during natural and man-made disasters, Cheryl.Looks like you are describing one that is underway in Christchurch. I cannot offer you “great things we should focus on to make these changes work for the long term” since building and sustaining “good” schools varies by the setting that one is in and who participates in the creation of those schools. There are many kinds of “good” schools. I do know a few things, however. Deep and continuing involvement of teachers and parents in establishing and running the new forms of a schooling is essential for those changes to be maintained and evolve in ways that will benefit children and youth.>What). hi Jim, This looks like a very good, concrete summary of the various points that've been discussed.). I hope we dont lose that entirely;) but see below.. This seems a very good time to start tackling this, too.Submitted by Taco_Jesus on Sun, 08/07/2011 - 1:21pm
the paper they make it with should def be rolling paper...
Made popular on:Wed, 02/22/2012 - 7:23pm
7 Comments
Wed, 02/22/2012 - 12:35am
and why not free weed samples too!
Wed, 02/22/2012 - 4:36pm
coconuthead Says:
Because weed is illegal!
Wed, 02/22/2012 - 5:12pm
FullyXalive Says:
ahh one day hopefully that will be ancient history!
Wed, 02/22/2012 - 6:23pm
SchnarfScarf Says:
sometimes I forget that and get the urge to openly smoke in public....not the best idea lol
Wed, 02/22/2012 - 8:45pm
Wed, 02/22/2012 - 8:43pm
SmokesTrees Says:
im all for it.
but honestly my cheap ass and many others would just go into barns and noble and rip off the free papers haha
which in turn would result in them having to put them in those plastic bags and then i wouldnt be able to read them for free :'(
Thu, 02/23/2012 - 12:21pm
InvadersofSpace Says:
Their special 420th edition had perforated papers that you could take out and use as perfect filters. It's pretty fucking great.
Submitted By
UpcomingPhotos via Jak & Jil, Streetfsn, and le 21em
Okay, so let’s not go around the fact that we ALL need a Fedora Hat this winter. Maybe not only one, maybe a few, in several colors. Topshop (black, camel, or leopard) does amazing ones, as well as Net-a-Porter (green, navy, or wine-red) and Shopbob (copper, camel, or burgundy).Kitchen
Latest revision as of 01:51, 9 December 2014

- this direct action was likely in response to a perception that the kitchen supported undesirable use of the space
[edit] Features
- refrigerator with freezer
- 2-range electric hotplate
- consumer 2-tub stainless sink
- open storage in closet
- stainless prep counter
- various utensils and supplies
- Coffee-station with equipment
- food preparation machines
- fermentation station
[edit], spoiled.
[edit] you're done with it.
Larger projects involve resources .
[edit];Survey finds 10% of smokers cut back on food to fund habit
31/05/2014 - 08:45:01Back to Ireland Home
One in 10 Irish smokers admit to cutting back on their food spending to fund their cravings.
New research among 1,000 Irish smokers, to mark "World No Tobacco Day", reveals the grip the habit has on people.
Up to 10% of smokers admitted to cutting back on food purchases to spend money on cigarettes.
The survey, commissioned by Pfizer to support World No Tobacco Day today, shows 24% of smokers pulled out of social engagements to save money that they then spend on cigarettes.
In all, more than half of the smokers interviewed admitted to spending between €50 and €100 per week on cigarettes.
There are repeated cycles of wanting to give up and failing, with almost one in five trying to quit at any one time.
Website offers tailored guidance and interactive support for those who want to kick the habit.
It is estimated that smoking-related illnesses costs the Irish taxpayer anything from €1bn to €2bn per year.'
18 May 2015 // 1:30 PM
18 May 2015 // 12:30 PM
18 May 2015 // 11:30 AM
18 May 2015 // 10:00 AM
18 May 2015 // 7:00 AM
18 May 2015 // 2:30 AM
18 May 2015 // 2:20 AM
18 May 2015 // 2:15 AM
18 May 2015 // 2:10 AM
18 May 2015 // 2:10
advertisement
Read the full used car review
with expert trade views
Reader test team says:
Seat Alhambra MPV 1.9 TDi PD SE Tiptronic 5dr
This car has been in my family since new (2001)…
5 out of 5 stars
Seat Alhambra MPV 1.9 TDi PD SE 5dr
I bought 52 reg with 45000 on clock with full…
5 out of 5 starsPost a reader review for your car View all reader reviewsBad proposal of the day: Arnold Kling wants libertarians to start engaging in civil disobedience against licensing laws, taxes and so on. Civil disobedience is justified in situations where other recourses are not available, such as when blacks were not allowed to vote in the Jim Crow South. The idea that people should be, say, lying down in front of police cars to protest hair salon regulations and the like is disproportionate, counterproductive and inane. It amounts to saying libertarian ideas aren't compelling enough to win out in political and legal competition.
UPDATE 2/27: Arnold Kling responds.
UPDATE 2/28: Bryan Caplan says libertarian ideas actually aren't compelling enough to win out in political and legal competition, even though they're "objectively compelling," whatever that means. My advice: try harder. Also, an inane commenter draws the segregation analogy.
UPDATE 2/28 #2: Brian Doherty posts, and more commenters weigh in, at Reason.
2 comments:
I think you're not correct here.
The number of persons impacted by a particular licensing law is too small for it to be a compelling political issue to a wide enough number of people to affect legislative outcomes.
How many people want to be manicurists?
The disparity between the individual and the state is greatest when large groups of persons are not simultaneously directly harmed by a law.
If there was no First Amendment, how much success do you think libertarians would have in defending flag burners legislatively?
I think the real argument against civil disobedience is that it wouldn't work because the state would simply crack skulls [figuratively] and the public wouldn't give a damn. The average American would say, "Those guys sent to jail got what they deserved" and nothing would be accomplished.
I think that you're correct, initially. That's why it's so hard to get such resistance movements started. The first several waves all have their "skulls" cracked and no one cares.
But that's not the point. The point is to keep getting your skull cracked to raise awareness. Eventually people will stand up and support you (or your children, depending on how many skulls need to be cracked).
Ghandi (the ever present ideal of this technique) was ignored by the people in Britain for a very long time as they said "he got what he deserved." It took a lot of repression to finally drive the average Joe to action.SDN Members don't see this ad. (About Ads) You knew this topic was coming...anyone care to elaborate on what makes each profession distinct? As I understand it, there is somewhat of a "turf war" going on between these two professions. Is the DPT degree going to push physical therapists into gatekeeper roles like chiropractors? from the Original Analog Tapes for Supreme Fidelity!
Warner Bros. Does LP Reissues Right: Best-Sounding Version of This Album You'll Ever Hear!
On their 1979 sophomore release Communique, Dire Straits continues to refine its bands uniqueness owes to its clean, vibrant sound. Just as Knopflers narratives reflect poetic and surrealist texts, the groups arrangements--an intoxicating combination of easygoing shuffles, bluesy boogies, and pop-honed ballads--mirror the old-fashioned soulfulness and spaciousness inherent in the classic recordings of the late 50s and early 60s. Its 1979 masterwork can be experienced like never before. Remastered and cut from the original analog tapes and pressed on high-quality 180g vinyl, Communique is simply out-of-this-world good. Knopflers mesmerizing guitar textures and cool vocals appear as if theyre right in front of you. Details, imaging, and presence are on a level associated with the finest audiophile recordings.
As its proven for the last few years, Warner Bros. treats vinyl with the ultimate respect, and this must-have Dire Straits record is no exception. Listeners with original copies of the LP, or Simply Vinyls pressing, will be absolutely stunned upon hearing the improvements. And the rest of us can simply rejoice in knowing that Knoplfer's trademark tones, picking, and leads resonate with an airiness, openness, and palpability theyve never claimed prior. A five-star pressing!.
On Every Street
Private Investigations
Brothers In Arms
Communique
Making Movies
Love Over Gold
Brothers In Arms
Dire Straits
Give the perfect gift SoundStageDirect.com Gift Certificates!
Questions or problems? Contact UsPSA: Did you know you can buy your very own Snuggle Bear now? I’m here to tell you that we have a lot of stuffed bears in this house and this one is by far the softest bear around. He’s super cuddly and that’s why we saved him to give to our first foster placement as a “welcome to our house” gift. And I was actually surprised when I flipped it over and discovered it was made by Build-A-Bear Workshop. Just in case you wondered.
You probably already know about the Snuggle fabric softener and how awesome it makes your clothes smell, so I don’t need to was eloquent about that at this moment, though it had been a while since I’d used Snuggle and I was surprised to notice the difference when we switched. So there you have it: awesome smelling clothes and a super soft bear. The bear is 15″ and costs $9.99. They have a small 6″ bear also available for $2.99.
Right now I’m giving away the set you see in the photo above: One container of Snuggle fabric softener and one Snuggle bear. So sweet. Entry is through the Rafflecopter form below.
For additional current giveaways, check out the top of the sidebars right here on this blog. Click here for my latest review posts.
If you’d like to stay up to date when I post new giveaways, you might consider following me on these social media outlets:
- Half-Pint House on Facebook
- Megan Dunham on Twitter
- Half-Pint House on Pinterest
- Megan Dunham on Google +
- halfpinthouse on Instagram
a Rafflecopter giveaway
We were sent what you see above for the purpose of review. No other compensation was received. All thoughts are my own. I keep a proper disclosure statement available here.Chileans to James Bond: This isn't Bolivia!
The filming of the new James Bond flick, Quantum of Solace, has caused a sensation in and around the northern Chilean city of Antofagasta, where production is centered. The town has been in a frenzy; nightly television reports have followed daily progress. Complaints have been publicly aired about the inaccessibility of star Daniel Craig, he of the pale eyes and chiseled features. He hasn't exactly been chillin' in Chile.
This piece in the daily La Tercera speaks of Craig's "obsession" with security and privacy -- no fan cameras are permitted in his vicinity; the star's hotel windows are blacked out; and he tools about with bulky bodyguards in four-wheel-drive vehicles featuring tinted windows. Hollywood boorishness is not going down well in Chile.
But small-town mayor Mayor Carlos Lopez was undeterred. The Chilean media reports that Lopez was arrested this week for driving his vehicle into the set where Quantum of Solace was being filmed. That would be in a weathered train station in the remote northern burg of Baquedano. El Mercurio reports that two persons were almost hit and filming was interrupted. The mayor had led an earlier protest against the production, La Tercera reported.
Lopez's beef with Bond? Is he a distant relative of Dr. No, Auric Goldfinger or another OO7 nemesis? Apparently not. This seems to be a case of nationalism aggrieved..
-- Patrick J. McDonnell and Andres D'Alessandro in Buenos Aires.
Photos: British actor Daniel Craig, who plays James Bond in the new film, Quantum of Solace. Credit: Kirsty Wigglesworth / AP. Observatory in Antofagasta, north of Santiago, Chile, where some scenes for Quantum of Solace are being filmed. Credit: Martin Bernetti / AP.LUMBERTON — Dr. Anastasios Papadonikolakis, orthopedic durgeon at Southeastern Health’s Orthopedic clinic, published an article titled “Metal-Backed Glenoid Components Have a Higher Rate of Failure and Fail by Different Modes in Comparison with All-Polyethylene Component” in the June 18 issue of “The Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery.”
“The Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery” is considered the official journal of the American Orthopedic Association and the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons.
The article was co-written with Dr. Frederick A. Matsen III.
Papadonikolakis completed residency training in orthopedic surgery at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center in Winston Salem in 2010. For information or to schedule an appointment, call (910) 738-1065.
Blood drive
on Aug. 20
LUMBERTON — Southeastern Regional Medical Center will host an American Red Cross blood drive in the Assembly Room at the medical center from 10 a.m. until 2:30 p.m. on Aug. 20
Anyone who would like to donate blood must bring a valid ID, be at least 17 years old, weigh at least 110 pounds and be in good health. To schedule an appointment or for more information, call Beth Ivey at 910-671-5093.
Laughter Yoga
on Wednesday
LUMBERTON — Southeastern Health’s Community Health Education Center will host a Laughter Yoga session on Aug. 13 at 8:30 a.m. at CHEC in Biggs Park Mall., by calling 910-608-0307.
Life Line Screenings,
Aug. 22 and Aug. 26
LUMBERTON — Southeastern Health is sponsoring Life Line Screenings in order to help local residents identify their risk of stroke, vascular disease and osteoporosis before the catastrophic effects of these conditions occur.
The events are open to local residents. The next screens will be held Aug. 22 at Massey Hill Recreation Center, located on 1612 Camden Road in Fayetteville and Aug. 26 at Hyde Park Baptist Church, located on 301 Roberts Avenue in Lumberton. All screens begin at 9 a.m. A special wellness package is available for $149. To pre-register for a screening, contact Life Line Screening at 1-800-690-0295..
Breakfast at
Biggs Park Mall
LUMBERTON — Learn about the SilverSneakers fitness program for older adults on Aug. 19 at 8 a.m. in the retail space beside J.C. Penny information, call 910-671-9393.- $337.
- .
- Shake up your collection with these trendy earrings from Guess. Fashioned with chandelier chains dropping keys, hearts and crystals. Crafted in gold-tone mixed metal. Approximate drop: 2 inches. Gold.
- $148 maxandchloe.comSimilar itemThis stunning pair of black crystal chandelier chain earrings are crafted in 14 karat gold plated over sterling silver settings and measure 2 inches long.
- 
- Styling idea
-.
- People also likedFlowers in full bloom run along these ear climbers from Bar Iii. Glass crystals bring enchanting sparkle. Crafted in gold-tone mixed metal. Approximate length: 1-1/4 inches. Gold.
- $110 tradesy.comPeople also likedJewelry by Lia Sophia at Tradesy
- 
- Collection
- 
- $98 amazon.comSimilar itemItems that are handmade may vary in size, shape and color Made in China
- Collection
- $35 amazon.comPeople also likedItems that are handmade may vary in size, shape and color Made in China
- .
- .
- Items that are handmade may vary in size, shape and color Silver tone chandelier with round and oval-shaped crystals, crystal cup chains and faux pearls Made in China
- By tennis-loverStyling idea
- $40
- Styling idea
- $48
- $35 amazon.comPeople also likedItems that are handmade may vary in size, shape and color Made in China
- $45 maxandchloe.comSimilar
- $2,565.
- Items that are handmade may vary in size, shape and color gold tone chains, crystal gem cluster chandelier with mint colored crystal gems and round beads, topaz colored crystals and turquoise colored round beads, crystal accent at closure Made in China
- People also likedWear the rainbow with these chic earrings from Bar Iii. Bejeweled with resin stones and sparkling crystals in a stud silhouette. Crafted from hematite-tone mixed metal. Approximate drop: 1 inch.
- Styling ideaPros: does what it says
Cons: needs conditioner after every use
As I grow older, parts of me I wish were thinner get thicker (tush, waist line, thighs) and the part I wish was thicker gets thinner - my hair. My hairdresser describes my hair as "angel fine" which she says is even finer and thinner than "baby fine." I don't know about that, but I know I come by fine hair naturally. Both my parents have very fine hair.
So the search begins for the diet I can stick with to thin the parts of me that are thickening, and to find the beauty products that will thicken the parts that are thinning. It was with this search in mind that I picked up a bottle each of Jason Thin to Thick Shampoo and Conditioner. The shampoo guarantees to make hair 10% thicker after the first use. With most "volumizing" shampoos this means that instead of being shiny and silky, my hair will be frizzed - more volume, but I look like I'm having a bad hair day. This was not the result with Jason. With Jason, my hair actually did appear thicker but I didn't lose out on shine.
The instructions with Jason shampoo read, "Apply a moderate amount to thoroughly wet hair. Gently massage into scalp with fingertips. Rinse, then shampoo a second time if necessary. For best results, follow with Thin-To-Thick Natural Hair Thickening Conditioner to detangle and to add fullness, shine and manageability." I only used one application of the shampoo. After rinsing my hair and scalp felt absolutely stripped dry. I don't always use conditioners as they tend to weigh my hair down, but this was a shampoo that clearly was going to need to be followed by a good conditioner. I did follow with the Jaons Thin to Thick conditioner, and was pleased with the result.
The shampoo comes out of the bottle smelling faintly of peppermint. It's a very light scent and not at all unpleasant. The shampoo reminded me in color of vaseline.. I have short hair and used about a nickel size squish in my palm and that was plenty for me to wash my short, fine hair. I found that my hair wasn't quite wet enough to start, but adding a little water really made it lather and work better.
I have been using it for about a week and am very pleased with the shampoo and conditioner in combination. My brown hair actually looks a bit darker...wish I could say the same for my grey. I can notice less scalp seeming to show through my hair. Of course, I'm still an angel even if my hair seems to be approaching baby fine.
If you have thin or thinning hair, I would certainly recommend trying Jason thin to thick shampoo and conditioner. For once, a hair product that seems to be doing what it claims.
The shampoo contains:
Hawaiian Sea Kelp/Algae Extract. Purified Spring, Comfrey Extract, Polysorbate-20, Ginseng Extract, Panthenol, Inositol, Steardimonium Panthenolm, Biotin, Panthenol-3, Folic Acid, Yucca Extract, Benzophenone-3(UV), Horseta- KCII Radio - -
Washington Hosts Williamsburg in Last Home Game
Posted By Community On @ 8:30 am In Today's Local Sports | Comments Disabled
The Washington Demon boys finish up their regular season this week with a couple of games, starting with a home stand tonight against Williamsburg.
Washington is 5-14, shooting 32.5 percent from the field and scoring 44 points per game.
Kyle Roder and Justin Hoffman have been the front runners all season with Roder scoring 225 points this season and Hoffman with 194.
The Raiders are 11-7 and shooting 48.5 percent from the field and scoring 51.5 points per game.
Williamsburg is lead by Matt Heitman who has 265 points on the year, followed by three other players with 120 points or more.
Demon head coach Bryce Smeins said the goal of these next two games is to game plan for their first round game against Solon.
“Williamsburg has some long kids: a 6’9” center, he’s a pretty good kids as a junior; they have a pretty good point guard this year, so we’ll spend this week really getting ready and prepped for Solon and really try to find a way to contain Solon’s size and really attack their defense,” Smeins said.
Washington and Williamsburg play tonight at Washington with tip-off at 8. You can hear:I
All things to everyone run, run away
Danny Boy, the pipes are calling
From glen to glen and down the mountain side
Summer’s gone and all the roses dying
‘tis you, ‘tis you must go and I must pine
But come ye back when Summer’s in the meadow
Or when the valley’s hushed and white with snow
‘tis I’ll be here in sunshine or in shadow
Danny Boy, I love you so.
And when ye come and all the flowers are dying
And I’m as dead, as dead as I can be
You will come and find where I am lying, yeah
You’ll kneel down and say a prayer for me
And I shall hear though soft you tread above me
And all my grave will warmer sweeter be
If you’ll bend down and tell me that you love me
Then I shall sleep in peace until you come to me, I wish I was back home in Derry.
Our comrades we buried each morning.
In our own slime we were lost in time
Endless night without dawning.
Chorus
Van Dieman’s land in hell for a man
To live our his life in slavery
When the climate is raw and the gun makes the law.
Neither wind nor rain cares for bravery.
Twenty years have gone by and I’ve ended me bond
And comrade’s ghosts are behind me
A rebel I came and I’ll die the same
On the cold winds of night you will find me.
Chorus
Sit back and relax to the new creation
Of Off Kilter we’re the best in the nation.
All you would’ve been, could’ve beens whoever you are
You want to be a bagpiper want to be a star.
Re-educate and duplicate a well-known dictator
Cool, calm collected moving upward like an elevator
Too hot to hold to rock to control
A little bit of wit and a lot of soul
Make some noise, we’re the Off Kilter boys
Make some noise, we’re the Off Kilter boys
Like the warriors from old, freshly carved and strung
We march to the beat of a double-kick drum
We speak our language through our axes
The only thing final is death and taxes
We’re an equal temper of heroic heart
And every man here really slays their part
Illusion of life we take our stand
From superficial stress we’re a Celtic Rock band.
Make some noise, we’re the Off Kilter boys
Make some noise, we’re the Off Kilter boys
With a walk in the Irish Rain.
Sweet little lass and her name is Mari Mac
Make no mistake she’s the girl I’m gonna track
Lot of other fellas try to get her on her back
But I’m thinking that they’ll have to get up early
Mari and her mother look an awful lot together
In fact you hardly see the one without the other
And people often wonder if it’s Mari or her mother
Or both of them together I am courting.
Chorus
Mari Mac’s mother’s making Mari Mac marry me
My mother’s making me marry Mari Mac
Well I’m gonna marry Mari for Mari’s taking care of me
We’ll all be merry when I marry Mari Mac
Well up among the heather in the hills of Benifee
I had a bonny lass sitting on me knee
Bumble bee stung me right above me knee
Up among the heather in the hills of Benifee
Well a certain bonnie lass and me, we’re going to spend the day
Sittin among the heather in the hills of Benifee
Where all the boys and girls are making out so free
Up among the heather in the hills of Benifee
Chorus
The wedding’s on Wednesday, everything’s arranged
Soon her name will be changed to unless her mind be changed
And making the arrangements I feel I must arrange
Marriage is an awful undertaking
Sure to be a grand affair, grander than a fair
Going to be a fork and plate for every man that’s there
And I’ll be a bugger if I don’t get me share
If I don’t I’ll be very much mistaken.
Chorus
My name’s John McK standard of many’s the army
Through many’s the bloody campaign
But now as I sit in the firelight it seems
There’s a distant horizon to the sword buckle’s gleam
Till a pull at the wine brings an old soldier’s dream from afar
For the rovin’ dies hard
I’m Callum McLean, I’m a trapper by trade
And it’s forty long years since I saw Tobermory
Through Canada’s forests I’ve carried my blade
And it’s and I’ll never deceive her
But there’s nights with my gun when I’d up and I’d leave her
For the land where the bear and the fox and the beaver are lord
For the rovin’ dies hard
My name’s Willie Campbell, I’m a ship’s engineer
And I know every berth between Lisbon and Largo
I’ve sweated more diesel in thirty-five years
Than a big tanker takes for a cargo
Of the good times I’ve always had plenty
When the whiskey and the women were wild
And there’s many’s the wean wi’ the red lock o’ the Campbells
Who’s never seen the coast of Argyll
But now as the freighters unload on the quay
The sound of the engines is calling to me
And it sings me a song of the sun and the sea and the stars
For the rovin’ dies hard
I’ve tuned up my fiddle, rosined my bow
And I’ve sung of the clans and the clear crystal fountains
I can tell you the road and the miles to Dundee
To the back of Alaska’s wild mountains
And my traveling days they are over
And the next of the rovers has come
He’ll take all my songs and he’ll sing them again
To the beat of a different drum
And if ever I’m asked why the Scots are beguiled
I’ll lift up my glass in a health, and I’ll smile
And I’ll tell them that fortune’s dealt Scotland the wildest of cards
For the rovin’ dies hardRead the Original Article at.
The Bad: A Map of the Political Blogosphere from Linkinfluence, a company that "engineers mapping, monitoring, and analytics solutions for the social web." I read about the site in Matthew Hurst's Data Mining blog. Matthew writes, "I believe that they have put plenty of effort in to the design of the data visualization and the overall look and feel to really make the site stand apart from others in this space."The Linkinfluence site does stand apart as an unusually pretty picture, seemingly overflowing with information. It makes me think of a star chart, with added interactivity that allows you to explore constellations of links between nodes and other, influencing/influenced nodes. Yet the site has absolutely no explanation how blogs are classified as Progressive, Independent, Conservative, or Mass Media or how nodes are positioned or sized. Most important, the site gives no indication how blog connectedness is related to influence or even what a particular, mapped entry had to say about candidates or their positions. Look at the map: what does it mean that techcentralstation.com and burningtorangereport.com are in antipodal positions and that austinbay.net is the closest node to the first of these? What is an "authority degree" or a "xeno degree" used to size nodes? A Google search on "xeno degree" turned up no hits, none at all. A site like Linkinfluence's is a poor communications tool. It seems little more than a pretty, interactive picture-toy.
The Ugly: that would be the US08 Media Watch application at ECOresearch.net, an Austrian project that "brings together scientists of different disciplines to explore the design and evaluation of new media applications that advocate sustainability and the protection of natural ecosystems." I'd desperately like to like the application, which provides linked semantic, ontological, and geographical maps of documents and the political terms they contain and the interrelationships of those documents and terms. You can search different types of sources for documents containing terms of your choosing and then visualize the location of identified documents in the semantic and geographical maps. This is a nifty application, yet its downfall is that is decontextualizes. The application is so focused on documents and terms and inter-node linkages that it neglects the whole, the "big picture."
Explore these sites and then try TIBCO's Spotfire Holiday Gift Finder, which is introduced by a cute animation that shows why it's time for Shopping 2.0, namely via guided, visual exploration and analysis. The Spotfire site has you shopping for consumer goods described by price, category, and rating. You get linked navigation/selection, data visualization, and selection-list panes, the latter containing product descriptions and Amazon.com hyperlinks for purchase of individual items. The application nicely demonstrates adaptation of visualization to shopping "workflow." You have context and potential usefulness rather than showiness without depth (the bad) or richness absent greater purpose (the ugly).
Seth Grimes is an analytics strategist with Washington DC based Alta Plana Corporation. He consults on data management and analysis systems.Brain Game: Math Square #4
Image credit:
Like us on Facebook
The nine squares inside the main red grid should be filled with the digits 1 through 9. Each digit should appear only once in the mail grid. One of these numbers (the 2) is already provided for you. Place the other digits in the correct spots so that the mathematical equations work both across and down. Remember your algebraic rules when solving the problems... multiplication and division should be solved first, then addition and subtraction. Good luck!
We're 3,647 Screenwriters
We're 1,962 Screenwriters
We're 23 screenwriters
We're 265 Screenwriters
We're 29 Screenwriters
We're 100 Die Hard Screenwriters
We're 48 Writers
We're 2,481 Members
We're 104 Workshoppers
We're 669 Screenwriters
We're 912 Filmmakers
We're 7 Members
We're 456 Attendees
We're 50 Artistic & Tech Experts
We're 151 Members
We're 7,565 Swabbies
We're 3,544 Writers
We're 2,353 Cool Folks 2 Run & Hang Out With
We're 3,489 Futurists
We're 618 Writers
We're 1,264 Production People
We're 979 Scribes
We're 777 Writers
We're 568 Writers
We're 862 networkers
We're 1,901 Entertainment Industry Friends
We're 329 Writers
We're 351 excavators of the soul
We're 798 Members
We're 651 Media & Entertainment Pros
We're 1,122 Storytellers
We're 1,671 Filmmakers
We're 290 The Crew
We're 383 Networkers
We're 705 Filmmakers
We're 680 Filmmakers
We're 293 Writers
We're 851 Art-Preneurs
We're 424 No Matter What Writers
We're 266 Minions
We're 195 TV Writers
We're 244 Movie Lovers
We're 162 NYC Writers
We're 142 Members
We're 1,672 Circle Writers
We're 166 RED camera users, filmmakers
We're 304 Females in Film Alliance
We're 23 Spooky Scribblers
We're 533 Independent Artists
We're 53 Film makers
We're 42 writers
We're 101 people "on here" (+ many others)
We're 144 Cast Members
We're 111 Writers
We're 64 "YOU HAVE THE POWER" enabelers.
We're 82 Film Family Members
We're 93 Writers
We're 1,602 Internationals
We're 565 Creatives
We're 77 Playwrights
We're 13 Bx Filmmakers
We're 85 Cutrushers
We're 11 Vets
We're 285 Actors
We're 293 DIRECTORS ACTORS SCREENWRITERS
We're 316 Film Synergy Members
We're 51 Brilliant Writers
We're 181 creative-yogis
We're 1,089 Filmmakers and Actors
We're 1,101 Writers
We're 319 Film and TV People
We're 456 Italian Speakers
We're 25 Kew Gardens Cinema Movie Fans
We're 366 Shooters
We're 208 Big Apple talents
We're 334 Filmmakers
We're 14 Members
We're 26 doactors
We're 328 writers
We're 149 Entertainment Gurus
We're 114 Members
We're 311 Filmmakers
We're 882 DUMBO Filmmakers
We're 109 Filmmakers
We're 76 writers
We're 2 Members
We're 241 Indie film lovers.
We're 73 Dramatists
We're 189 Filmmakers & Actors
We're 91 writers
We're 85 Harlem Writers
We're 659 Movie Fans
We're 6 Members
We're 176 Members
We're 49 Campers
We're 50 Peers
We're 77 Creators
We're 67 Voters
We're 436 Big Apple Film Festival Fans
We're 38 Industry ProfessionalsFirst State Bank Privacy Policy
Visitors to our Web site Visitors to the First State Bank Web site remain anonymous. We do not collect unique identifying information about you individually unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us that information. e-mail. We will never sell information we collect or that is provided to us regarding visitors to the First State Bank Web site to any third parties.
If you have questions about the information we have collected regarding your visit to our Web site, contact customerservice@bankatfsb.com. If you believe any of the information is in error, contact customerservice@bankatfsb.com, explain the alleged discrepancy, and, if the information is incorrect, we will update it promptly. In addition, if you believe any information we have collected about you has been used for an improper purpose, contact customerservice@bankatfsb.com, and explain your concerns in as much detail as possible so we may take any appropriate action.
Links
First State Bank has a number of links to other sites. These are offered as a courtesy and a convenience. First State Bank assumes no responsibility for the content, safety, security, or privacy of any such site or any transactions with respect thereto. If you have questions or concerns about any other site's policy regarding these matters, you should contact that site or its sponsor.
Amendments and Changes
First State Bank reserves the right to amend or change this policy at anytime and without notice. For the most current version of this policy, contact our customer service department at 979.265.2511, 281.489.3131 or customerservice@bankatfsb.com.
Consumer Notice
The First State Bank is chartered the U.S. Mail:Texas Department of Banking2601 North Lamar Boulevard, Suite 300
Austin, Texas 78705-4294877.276.5554 (toll free)
512.475.1313 fax Email Address consumer.complaints@dob.texas.govWebsite AddressExplore Sources
Additional Resources
Declaration of Independence Credits:
Grateful acknowledgement is made to the following institutions and individuals for the use of images from their collections:
Colonial Williamsburg Foundation
Connecticut Historical Society
Free Library of Philadelphia
Layfayette College Art Collection
Library of Congress
Lilly Library
Metropolitan Museum of Art
Musee des Beaux Arts, Carcassonne
Museum of London
National Archives and Records Administration
National Galleries of Scotland
New York Public Library
Smithsonian Institution, National Museum of American History, Political History Collection
About the Scholar's . In 1997-98, she received a research Fellowship for College Teachers from the National Endowment for the Humanities. She is currently working on a project dealing with gender and the first political parties.Greenwash + Travel and transport
Fred Pearce: Qatar announces the future use of biofuels on its airline, but its domestic carbon emissions are shockingly free and easy
Sir Richard Branson's stunts have earned him a green repuatation. Yet Virgin Atlantic's emissions are higher than most nations in Africa, writes Fred Pearce
Fred Pearce: Carbon emissions from Italian sports cars are so great that even a 35% C02 reduction still leaves them bottom of the class
Fred Pearce: Big racing teams continue to resist efforts to make F1 more environmentally friendly
P&O Ferries says it 'minimises environmental impact' but has a fares policy that discriminates against anyone who wants to come on board on foot rather than in a car, writes Fred Pearce
Plans to offer motorists £2,000 in cash if they scrap their old car and buy a 'greener' model will help no one except the motoring manufacturers, writes Fred Pearce
Efforts by Stagecoach to green its bus services mean nothing unless it slashes the prices and runs its buses at full capacity, writes Fred Pearce
Rail operators get an easy ride over emissions – but they are often worse emitters than their aviation rivals, writes Fred Pearce
Alison Benjamin questions the link between the rise in cycling in London and the congestion charge
Topics
- Travel and transport
- Greenhouse gas emissions
- Carbon footprints
- Transport
- Corporate social responsibility
-
- Climate change
- Airline industry
- Energy
- Ethical and green living
- Business travel
- Energy efficiency
- Pollution
- Travel & leisure
- Carbon offsetting
- Automotive industry
- Motoring (Technology)
- Formula One
- Biofuels
- Motoring (Money)
- Virgin Rail
Edinburgh airport's tree project is trampled by its carbon elephantsMonday, January 20, 2014
Geogebra: The Unit Circle and the Reference Angle.
Here is the link to the to see the unit circle geogebra worksheet. Please note the questions at the bottom of the page.
Steps I took to get this up and running.
1. Download Geogebra to your desktop.
2. Make an interactive Geogebra File. (see intro to geogebra youtube: I used this video to help me:
3. Save the file to a place where you can remember to retrieve it.
4. Go to Geogebratube.org You will need to login.
5. Upload your file to Geogebratube and fill in all needed information.
6. Get the link of your upload and distribute it to your students.
I hope you can give Geogebra a try,
Dave
Posted by Dave Sladkey at 5:02 PM
Labels: geogebra, geogebratube, reference angle, trig, trigonometry, unit circle
5 comments:
Greetings Mr. Sladkey,
I am commenting on your blog as a part of my University of South Alabama EDM310 assignment. My name is Mark Nelson and I am originally from a small rural mining community in North Alabama. I am a retired professional land surveyor and, after years of construction surveying, I felt a need to do something more meaningful in my life. Hence, I have returned to school to pursue a degree in secondary education/mathematics. The following is a link to my EDM310 blog site and a link to the EDM310 class blog site. Please stop by sometime and say hello. Also, on the 9th of February I will be making a summary post to my blog page detailing my visit to your site.
Now that I have the introduction and housekeeping is out of the way, on to the fun stuff. Math!
Ah, the unit circle. So being the stereotypical math geek that I am, I have to admit that I followed your link to and spent several minutes playing with tool. Okay, so I spent more than a few minutes playing with it but is that not the point, to engage learners. That is pretty cool. I can easily see how that would be useful to visual learners, like me. I also have to admit that at first I was not sure what the term reference angle was referring to, in surveying it meant something different, but shortly figured it out. Which brings me to one of my teaching goals, I would somehow like to bring my real world experience of surveying into the classroom and to help answer the age old question, “When will I ever use math in real life”? I have a few ideas but would enjoy hearing any suggestions you may have.
Mark,
Thanks so much for the comment. It is an excellent field that you are getting into. Your life experiences will bring a lot to the clasroom. What I'm most excited about for you is your passion for the subject. This is very important to convey to your students. I can't wait to hear how your preparations go.
As far as the question of when am I ever going to use this. I love this queston. I get it all the time and most of the time I simply answer it ... 'you won't'. Most of what we are teaching is problem solving skills, deductive reasoning, tenacity, number sense, and logic. I tell them that I took a computer programming class in college that I can't use in the least bit. However, it taught me a ton about all of the things I just mentioned.
Blessings on your journey to inspire young minds,
Dave
I would also like to comment on the "When will I ever use this?" as I am teaching Exponential Expressions. My comment is also the same "probably never" and Algebra is about developing logical thinking, reasoning and problem solving. Most of my students do accept that explanation and will participate willingly in engaging conversations.
Dave,
I apologize for taking so long to reply, I've come to find being back in school is keeping me busier than when I worked. I appreciate your honest feedback but I'm still going to look for ways to apply real world settings in the classroom. I have some ideas from surveying and a few from being the son of a farmer/carpenter. My grandfather had very little schooling but knew how to form a 90 degree angle using a string, a tape, and 6, 8, 10. Likewise, he did not know the slope intercept formula but he could take a framing square and build steps to a house. There has to be at least one lesson plan in that somewhere.
Hi Dave
This is Ramsey Willis in EDM 510 from the University of South Alabama. I don't know how but I missed this post and based on the others that you've had that introduced me to new math technology, I knew this one would be just as nice. So, I tried it, using your example and I also downloaded Geogebra and will find a way to incorporate it into our curriculum. I will continue to play with it and try to determine what type of lesson plans can be created with Geogebra. If you have any suggestions, I would be happy to hear them. Thanks again for introducing me to this wonderful tool. I look forward to learning much more from you!East Kilbride, Scotland Newswire (Page 2)
Results 21 - 40 of 2,304 in East Kilbride, Scotland
Actor John Hannah back at the Fringe after 25 years
w/Photo
ACTOR John Hannah will make a return to Scottish theatre at this summer's Edinburgh Festival, which will be his first stage appearance in his home country for 25 years. ACTOR John Hannah will make a return to Scottish theatre at this summer's Edinburgh Festival, which will be his first stage appearance in his home country for 25 years. Comment?
Olympic curling star Eve Muirhead joins 9-year-old cancer survivor to ...
w/Photo
WORLD champion curler Eve Muirhead was joined on stage by 9-year-old cancer survivor Danny Flanigan and his twin brother Joe to power up the crowd for today's Race for Life in Glasgow. SC. Comment?
John Hannah back at Fringe in 2015 after 25 years
w/Photo
Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. ONE of Scotland's best known screen stars is to make his first stage appearance in his home country for 25 years at this summer's Edinburgh Festival Fringe. Comment?
Calls for review of Lord Janner child sex abuse case
w/Photo
NEARLY 400 politicians have backed calls for a reversal of the decision not to prosecute Lord Greville Janner over sex abuse allegations. NEARLY 400 politicians have backed calls for a reversal of the decision not to prosecute Lord Greville Janner over sex abuse allegations. Comment?
Kelburne rise to the challenge
w/Photo
Promoted along with Paisley neighbours Ferguslie, the Whitehaugh side marked their debut in the top flight by beating Renfrew a week ago. Yesterday they hosted 2012 champions Dumfries and rose to the challenge to record an impressive 135-run win. Comment?
Here come the girls: Check out the army of SNP women on their way to...
w/Photo
The SNP tidal wave has seen more than a third of the party's unprecedented 56 seats handed to females for the first time in history. And with Nicola Sturgeon at the helm, these 19 new faces will help shape the future of our country and the rest of the UK over the next four years. Comment?
New documentary reveals how three workers from East Kilbride grounded ...
w/Photo
FILMMAKER Felipe Bustos Sierra tells how trade unionists Bob Fulton, Robert Somerville and John Keenan took a stand against the military regime in South America. FROM a distance, Bob Fulton, Robert Somerville and John Keenan bear a strong resemblance to Jack and Victor from Still Game. Comment?
Junior football: Wardlaw can see benefits of chasing youth and experience in a manager
w/Photo
Former Cambuslang Rangers manager Alan Wardlaw says there's merit to be had in clubs going for both inexperienced and proven junior football managers. Speaking to the Reformer the day after the club ended the managerial reign of John Doyle, Wardlaw admitted he had some sympathy with the man who was appointed as Somervell boss last summer. Comment?
Western Union: Qasim Sheikh sets Kelburne sights on top three
w/Photo
Since the formation of the old National League format in 1998 the Paisley club have never performed in the top flight while not since leaving Clydesdale five years ago has Sheikh graced the domestic game's showpiece stage. However, last week they made their return to the CS Western Union premier division and did so in some style with a comfortable win against Renfrew, the team that finished third last season. Comment?
Strong pound to knock Rolls-Royce sales
Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. Aerospace engines giant Rolls-Royce, which is cutting thousands of jobs around the world, has warned that the strong pound will wipe about 350 million off its sales this year. Comment?
General Election 2015: How our local newspapers covered the election...
w/Photo
MEDIA Scotland's local newspaper teams were standing by at each of their counts as Scotland made their political intentions clear through their ballot papers. Our local newspaper teams were standing by at each of their counts as Scotland made their political intentions clear through their ballot papers. Comment?
How the SNP triumphed and took former Labour stronghold Rutherglen and Hamilton West
w/Photo
It could well be the moniker given to May 7, 2015 as Scottish Labour ploughed into an iceberg of its own and sunk to the bottom of the political sea. The problem with any film about the famous ship is, everyone knows how it ends. Comment?
Labour candidate Michael McCann takes the huff and deletes Twitter...
w/Photo
MICHAEL McCann refused to speak to reporters ahead of the result and appeared to have deleted his Twitter account in the lead up to the declaration. EAST Kilbride Labour candidate Michael McCann appeared to have a severe case of sour grapes on Thursday after deleting his Twitter account. Comment?
East Kilbride election results: SNP win seat as Labour's Michael ...
w/Photo
Despite securing a majority of 14,503 over the SNP in the 2010 General Election, Micheal McCann dramatically lost his seat to Dr Lisa Cameron of the SNP. Lisa Cameron emerged victorious winning the East Kilbride, Strathaven and Lesmahagow seat with a resounding 33,678 votes - a massive 16,527 majority over Labour, a swing of 32.6 per cent and a 55.6 share of the vote. Comment?
Angela Crawley wins Lanark seat from Jim Hood
Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. LITTLE more than eight months ago Clydesdale's SNP contingent looked on in despair as their dreams of independence died, at least for the time being, as the Referendum result was announced in East Kilbride. Comment?
Scottish Labour MPs who lost seats
w/Photo
All but one of Scotland's former Labour MPs lost their seats as the SNP swept to victory across Scotland. So who are the politicians who now find themselves out of a job? The 59-year-old, who was the first full-time wheelchair user to be voted into Westminster, was born with Gauchers Disease, a genetic condition that causes bones to break easily. Comment?
East Kilbride FC: Player bust-up forgotten as Kilby knockout BSC Glasgow
w/Photo
EAST KILBRIDE shrugged off an embarrassing pitch battle between their own players to deliver a knockout blow to BSC Glasgow on Monday night. Last Wednesday Kilby defender James Brough was sent off in EK's final league game against Vale of Leithen after the referee deemed he had punched his own team-mate, Craig Howie. Comment?
Stick with the Gazette for your local and national Election coverage
Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. A NIGHT of high drama is expected as the results of today's General Election are revealed - and the Gazette will be there every step of the way. Comment?
Election night guide: how the drama will unfold, hour by hour
w/Photo
The Week's poll-watcher Don Brind lists the key results to watch for if you're staying up in front of the TV Polls close at 10pm tonight and the broadcasters go on air straightaway with their predictions based on the 'exit poll' - the biggest exercise in polling in a single day we will ever witness, according to David Cowling of the BBC Political Research Unit. At the last election, clipboard-toting researchers stationed at carefully chosen polling stations across the country approached around one in eight voters as they exited. Comment?
Call for cash donations to fund film about inspiring Rolls-Royce East Kilbride freedom fighters
w/Photo
In 1974, East Kilbridians Bob Fulton and John Keenan and Motherwell man Robert Somerville led a boycott on work being carried out on four Avon engines belonging to bombers used by General Pinochet in his military coup against the Chilean President and his people. A short film about this extraordinary story, Nae Pasaran! made by the Scottish Documentary Institute and directed by Scottish-based Felipe Bustos Sierra, son of a journalist forced to flee the regime, has won awards at international film festivals all over the world. Comment?My Godzilla
Much of the monster movie was (bah DUMMM)
suspense. The coastal fog, the lo-rez video.
You couldn't see him, he was going to be worse than anything,
worse than your worst fears, namely …
how could they be your worst if you could know?
Forty years on: you're pretty sure what's coming.
He pokes from the distressingly fragile harbor,
black-tiled, sky-scraping penis, looking a little worse
for having been nuked and long under water,
but not bad for a penis. What a mess he's making.
Still, it's fine to see him stomp through the gridlock
with his distinctly rubbery wobble,
swatting the haze of planes, drop-kicking taxis.
Maybe he'll snack on the falsetto lovers?.Obama Snubs Questions At Press Freedom Act Signing
Expand Messages
- Obama Snubs Questions At Press Freedom Act Signing
President campaigned on promise of open and transparent government yet constantly shows disdain for press freedom in refusing to answer questionsPaul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday, May 18, 2010President Obamas plummeting approval ratings have coincided with his increasing disdain for talking to the media, a trend embarrassingly highlighted yesterday during Obamas signing of the Press Freedom Act, after which he refused to answer any questions from the press.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TURN ON, TUNE IN, WAKE UP. Join the community at Prison Planet.tv! Click here to subscribe.
Your message has been successfully submitted and would be delivered to recipients shortly.- ringtone maker on new itunes 11.1
location: apple.com - date: January 15, 2013
I am using the ringtone maker, and with the new itunes 11.1 i'm having such a hard time! and I dont see the ringtone section that use to be there when the old itune was there. so what do I do? how do I get this ringtone on my phone now? I dont want to have to go back to buying ringtones and then getting the part I dont want on the song. so I really need some help guys.
post reply
| video help
| read moreNew Ringtone Maker via iTunes
location: modmyi.com - date: September 5, 2007
Will release today. says Steve Jobs of Apple, Inc. Get it while its HOT! each ringtone will cost $.99 and will easily sync with iPhone. more info or
post reply
| video help
| read moreApple Releases iTunes 11.1 With iOS 7 Compatibility and New Features
location: modmyi.com - date: September 18, 2013
As we come closer to the iOS 7 public release that is expected later on this afternoon, Apple is getting ready by updating App Store applications and the ever-so-important iTunes software for Mac OS X and Windows. iTunes 11.1 has been released to the public with full compatibility with the upcoming iOS 7 upgrade. In addition, the update adds a number of new features for users, including the following via the Geniu
post reply
| video help
| read moreWhat are your thoughts on the New iTunes 11?
location: apple.com - date: November 30, 2012
I for one am not very impressed! You lose cover flow, and the ability to resize your album art. Unlike previous versions where everything is not in just one area now your searching over the whole itunes for what you need to do. Its cluttered and instead of just editing one album your stuck at looking at all the other distractions instead of what your trying to edit. What are all of your thoughts on this new itunes?
post reply
| video help
| read moreNew iTunes 11.01.12 won't allow sync to PC if iCloud is also enabled
location: apple.com - date: December 30, 2012
I upgraded today to itunes 11.01.12 (not sure what version I had previously - it was quite different visually but not very out-of-date). I have a "notes" account on my iphone which I sync to outlook on windows. Most of my notes are in this account.I also have an icloud notes account which I use for occasional notes that I want to share with my ipad. The new itunes will no longer allow me to sync notes to my computer while I have the icloud notes enabled. If I disable the icloud notes, I can sync my iphone notes to outlook, but as soon as I reenable the icloud account - this option disappears from itunes. Instead it informs me that my "notes are being synced with your iPhone over the air from iCloud".&
post reply
| video help
| read moreWill the new iTunes 11 still work for power users?
location: apple.com - date: September 12, 2012
I've looked at the available screenshots, and I'm worried. On the new iTunes page, Apple says, "Simplicity is a beautiful thing" — but I'm not so sure. I don't see any conventional list views, and I'm very worried that in simplifying it, they've sacrificed the control that so many music lovers like myself have come to rely on. Here's Apple's info: Anyone have additional insight?
post reply
| video help
| read moreNew Itunes 11 won't drag playlist to Nano
location: apple.com - date: December 10, 2012
I just downloaded the New Itunes 11 and I can not drag and drop my playlists onto my Nano Ipod. Does anyone else have this problem? It is using software 1.0.4
post reply
| video help
| read morenew iTunes 11 store preview history button not populating
location: apple.com - date: December 12, 2012
have a problem on my mac.when using itunes 11 and previewing songs, flims etc. in the store.then click the new history preview button - nothing poplulates.i am just left with a small black box.find this strange as the function works perfectly well on my iphone,ipad & pc laptop.any ideas?
post reply
| video help
| read moreHow do i put my epub files in my kobo with the new itunes 11?
location: apple.com - date: December 3, 2012
I can't put anymore files in my Kobo App since i have the new itunes 11.Any solutions?
post reply
| video help
| read moreiOS 7/iTunes 11.1 sync issues
location: apple.com - date: September 20, 2013
I've been having several problems trying to sync things. Before the update, I had added two songs to my library and after the update I tried to put them on my iPad but nothing worked. I managed to sync, again, but when I wanted to add more music, I experienced the same problem. And it has taken nearly half an hour for "Waiting for changes to be applied" to go away, if at all (I've gone out shopping multiple times and come back to a restarted sync at only 100 songs). I've wiped the music off of my iPad twice and also reset all settings and I'm in the middle of adding all of the music back a 2nd time. I have +9000 songs in my library, but even then iTunes says it's syncing a completely wrong number (let's say I have 9000 songs, the sync says it's 8998), and I've had three alerts saying "We can't sync this song" in this attempt (happened to me twice in my first re-sync attempt). I didn't have any of these problems | Decoden Phone Case ♥ Candy Jay Decoden ♥
Compras Aliexpress 51 itensPopular Topics» Ipad Mini Cases Ebay Uk
» Ipad Mini Cases Etsy
» Ipad Mini Cases Speck
» Ipad Mini Cases Speck Uk
» Ipad Mini Cases Target
» Ipad Mini Cases Walmart
» Ipad Mini Cases Walmart Canada
» Ipad Mini Cases With Keyboard
» Ipad Mini Cases With Keyboard Amazon
» Ipad Mini Cases With Keyboard Belkin
» Entry Level Iphone 5 Costs Apple 168
» Rumor Apple To Start Selling Unlocked Iphone 5 Tonight
» Can You Print To Ipad
» Print To A Pdf On Ipad
» Cable Printing From Ipad Directly To Printer
» Print N Share Vs Printcentral Which One To Get For Ipad
» Print From Ipad To Network Printer
» Printing From Ipad When Printer Is Connected To Time Capsule
» Ipad 2 Samsung Mobile Print To Ml 2525w
» Print From Ipad 2 To Networked PrinterThe department of education shall:
(A) Administer grants under section 3301.19 of the Revised Code in support of voluntary desegregation within school districts;
(B) Provide technical assistance to school districts developing voluntary plans for desegregation or plans to reduce or eliminate racial isolation;
(C) Develop desegregation plans as required by court order and provide technical assistance to school districts required to develop plans under court order;
(D) Report to the general assembly annually on expenditures made by the state to reduce or eliminate racial isolation and enumerate anticipated expenses for desegregation resulting from court action or action taken by the federal government.
Effective Date: 06-22-1984This is tough time for telecom vendors in Pakistan due to recession and lack of network expansion projects by cellular companies in the country.
It is learnt by Propakistani that ZTE Pakistan, who was once market leader during 2003-05 in Pakistan is now planning for downsize by 30% of its overall headcount.
In year 2003-2005 ZTE Pakistan’s overall headcount was close to 1000 employees on their direct payroll. But after 2005, its market share gradually decreased and in 2009 it is now close to 400-500 employees out of which approx 300 employees are on their direct payroll and remaining are on third party contract through M/S HRS.
When we inquired about current situation from a senior official at ZTE, he was of the view that rumors of downsizing are around, recently – however, nothing has been concrete yet. He said that small scaled movements of employee do happen – but one should not expect massive layoffs very soon.
ZTE official confirmed that there are 850 employees at ZTE Pakistan, including direct and outsourced employees.
ZTE Pakistan has already kept the Pakistani stakeholders silent and the affairs are being directly monitored and supervised by Chinese at the Headquarter in Shenzhen. This downsizing will involve both type of employees i.e. on direct payroll (10-15%) and on third party contract (15-20%).
Now due to recession, ZTE Pakistan is in tough period and payments to the subcontractors are being delayed extra-ordinarily due to financial crisis. In the past ZTE’s main customer was PTCL but now its main customer is Zong (CMPak).
Recommended for You!
- Shoby
- Jadoo
- haseeb
- Positivity
- Aamir Attaa
- Specialist
- Positivity
- Tania Aslam
- JeffySo, my walls are 101 inches tall, and after I account for 5/8" sheetrock on the ceiling, I still need to cover a height of 8'-4.375" with drywall. That's just over 4" too short. So, to eliminate this sliver, does this mean I'm going to have to use baseboard and it will be at least 5" tall if I don't want to be cutting nearly 4' off of a 12' piece? What would you do? This is in the garage. Concrete block, 2x6 PT sill then drywall starts: 2x4 bottom plate, 96" stud, 2x4 top plate, 2x4 double top plate, 1/2" spacer then ceiling. Thanks, JasonAbstract
Two obvious Gauss peaks are observed in SiNx-based light-emitting devices with silver nanoparticles deposited onto the luminous layer, both of which are blue shifted with the increase of injected current. The origin of these two peaks is discussed by means of the changes of their positions, relative intensities, and full width at half maximum. We attribute the blue-shift of both electroluminescence peaks to the improvement of carrier injection as carriers can be injected into higher energy levels along their corresponding band tails, which is also confirmed by the changes of the transport mechanism.
© 2012 OSAFull Article | PDF ArticleHi people, I really want to partnership with authors on VH, I already sent several mails to VH authors but no one has answered yet.
My portfolio is plenty of nuances from lush cinematic songs to electronic songs, melodious pop and even tango. Please check my portfolio
What I offer:
- You can use any watermarked song of my portfolio for your projects.
- If the project is good I’m willing to create custom music for your VH project to increase impact of both works.
- Promotion with my twitter, facebook, youtube and tumblr account.
What I ask:
- Give me credit and link to my song on AJ on your project description page.
- Help me promoting our work together (twitter, facebook, etc).
If you interested please contact me on this post or by private message
Thanks
cloud9communicationsays
Hi sonicbyte
i liked some of your tracks will definitely use in my upcoming projects. If you liked any of my project and would like to do the music for that pls do let me know
Regards cloud9
cloud9communications.More is needed beyond raises for PSWs
TORONTO, April 29, 2014 /CNW/ - The announcement by the Ontario government that it will boost the wages of Personal Support Workers in the province is a welcome first step in addressing serious concerns in the homecare industry, says the president of Canada's largest union in the private sector.
"We can't build decent services for our elderly on the backs of working people," said Jerry Dias, national president of Unifor, which represents more than 26,000 healthcare workers, including PSWs.
The province today announced that it will gradually increase the hourly wage of PSWs by $4 an hour, to $16.50 by April 1, 2016, in hopes of providing more job stability for those already in the job and attracting more young people to become PSWs.
Dias said a welcome next step would be for the province to end the practice of requiring companies to bid for the support contracts, which puts downward pressure on wages.
"When it comes to caring for our parents and grandparents, we shouldn't be in a race to the bottom," said Dias.
The reasoning for increasing the base wage for PSWs – that low wages drive people to precarious employment where they are unable to support their own families while caring for others – is also a good reason to support a higher minimum wage.
"The problems the Ontario government has associated with low wages for PSWs also apply to workers across the economy struggling on minimum wage," Dias said.
Unifor, along with other unions and progressive groups, has called for a $14 minimum wage in Ontario.
Unifor is Canada's largest union in the private sector, representing more than 305,000 workers. It was formed Labour Day weekend 2013 when the Canadian Auto Workers and the Communications, Energy and Paperworkers union merged.
SOURCE Unifor
PARIS: Marseille missed the chance to climb back into second spot in Ligue 1 as they were held to a 2-2 draw by Rennes in Brittany yesterday.
In an entertaining contest, Marseille led at the interval thanks to a strike from Ghana star Andre Ayew, who bulldozed his way through the home defence and exchanged passes with Mathieu Valbuena before poking the ball past advancing Rennes ‘keeper Marseille three points behind leaders Lyon - 2-0 winners at Valenciennes on Friday - and adrift of Paris Saint-Germain on goal difference before the capital club entertain Lille today evening.. AFP
Please Note:
These are archives of announcements, and have generally not been updated since they were published. As a result, some content, specifically links to other pages and other references may be out-of-date or no longer available.You are using an outdated browser. Please
upgrade your browser to improve your ReverbNation experience.
Visits: 866
!Thanks Look us up on Facebook
Thanks for your support :)
Great to have you here, Meddle! We've named our first album "Culture to the People!," it's on iTunes etc for download; our new album "The Plum Harvest Was Bad Last Year"...
I think you will enjoy my music too. Come take a listen! Happy New Year!The.... Read more
Tagged 'b2c marketers'
Neither Shaken Nor Stirred, How Bond’s Brand Stayed True While Changing
WeA notorious West Suffolk fraudster is back behind bars after admitting yet more scams involving the sale of non existent farm machinery.
David Aves, 55, has spent much of his life in prison and today was sentenced to a further 27 months at Ipswich Crown Court.
Aves, of Freewood Street, Bradfield St George, near Bury St Edmunds had pleaded guilty to three offences of fraud by false representation.
Between October and December 2012 Aves managed to persuade three members of the farming community to hand over a total of more than £16,000 in payment for a tractor and a combine harvester that he did not own.
The court heard that Aves channelled the payments through the bank account of Anne Mason, 54, of Ragdale Road, Nottingham who appeared alongside him in court having pleaded guilty to an offence of money laundering.
Aves, who has amassed more than 150 convictions for fraud since 1976, has specialised in targeting farmers throughout the UK.
Guy Ayers, in mitigation, said that Aves acknowledged that he had an ‘abysmal’ record of offending but said a probation officer who had been supervising him had reported seeing a change in his character, possibly resulting from getting older or his ill health.
Mr Ayers said that for the first time in his life Aves was looking forward to being solvent even when his victims had been recompensed. An inheritance from his mother would still leave a useful sum of money the court was told.
Aves wanted to move away from a life of offending and had drawn up a plan in the hope of being able to start a business on his release from prison.
Sentencing him, Mr Recorder John Akast told Aves that he had an ‘awful’ record of offences of fraud, resulting in people losing tens of thousands of pounds.
Mr Recorder Akast said: “Not only have you wasted your life but you have taken probably several hundreds of thousands of pounds of other people’s money in your time with no intention off returning it.
“This is some of the most persistent offending I have ever seen.”
Mr Recorder Akast said he estimated that Aves’ offending may have cost the justice and prison system more than half a million pounds.”
Sentencing Aves to a total of 27 months imprisonment, Mr Recorder Akast told him: “You are getting a bit old. Do you really want to spend the rest of your time in prison?”
Appearing for Anne Mason, Ian James told the court: “Her involvement was more through closing her eyes to the obvious than active participation.”
Mason has not instigated any of the offences. She had choosing to ignore what was happening when she realised that what Aves was doing was not legal, said Mr James.
Mr Recorder Akast sentenced Mason to four months imprisonment suspended for 12 months and placed her under Probation Service supervision for 12 months.
The court heard that Aves is to face a further hearing later this year when an application will be made under the Proceeds of Crime Act to seize from him money to return to his victims.
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.P."
1 comment:
THX, BILL!Judging by how quickly tickets were snapped up for his hometown Christmas concert, a number of Northeast Georgia folks will be making an evening with local country star John Berry part of their holiday celebrations this year.
The Wednesday, Dec. 19 show sold out so fast that a 5 p.m. matinee was added to accommodate fans. The matinee is a shorter show with holiday tunes only, but the full show at 7:30 p.m. will feature Berry and his band performing a set of his hits.
With so many people eager to make the concert a part of their holiday celebration, how does Berry, a Bogart resident, plan to celebrate Christmas with his family?
''We have a hayride every year at Christmas ... (and) a bonfire,'' he says. ''The greatest tradition, though, is that at the end of our hayride, we all gather around that bonfire, young and old, and each of us has an opportunity to say what we've been thankful for in the past year. It's a lot of fun, and it's a special time.''
This year, Berry says his family will miss his two brothers-in-law, Mark and Paul Calvert, who are stationed at a U.S. Army base in California.
''We're concerned for their safety, but that's their job. That's what they do,'' Berry says. ''We'll miss them being home this year for Christmas. We'll still have our little hayride and a bonfire.''
Berry counts his family as his greatest blessing, but he says he's had a lot to be thankful for this year with his career, too.
John Berry: An American Christmas
When: 5 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, Dec. 19
Where: The Classic Center, 300 N. Thomas St.
Cost: $15 for 5 p.m. show; (7:30 p.m. show SOLD OUT)
Call: (706) 357-4444
In October, Berry released his latest album, ''All the way to there'' (Ark 21). The album features songs Berry wrote with a range of collaborators, including Nashville heavyweights Gene Cook and Gary Burr, Barenaked Ladies' Ed Robertson and Fastball's Miles Zuniga.
Many of the songs were written at a songwriters retreat in an isolated 840-year-old castle in the French countryside that Berry describes as ''pretty neat, not to mention kind of scary.'' Ark 21 head Miles Copeland organized the retreat, placing songwriters in groups of three to collaborate.
''It's kind of like being at band camp in high school,'' Berry says.
Since making his way onto country radio in 1993, Berry has been nominated for awards from the Country Music Association, the Academy of Country Music and even the Grammys. But his first award came just last month, when he was recognized as the Mainstream Country Artist of the Year at the Christian Country Music Awards.
''I've never won anything -- I've never even won anything at Golden Pantry,'' he laughs. ''I've been nominated for several things over the years, but it was really cool to get that.''
What made the win even more of a surprise is that Berry was co-hosting the awards show with Crystal Gayle.
''I was standing backstage ... at a little podium with my script on it,'' he says. ''Then they called my name, and I was like, 'Wait a minute! That's not supposed to happen!' I wasn't planning anything to say!''
Following the Christmas tour, Berry says he'll take a couple of weeks to relax with his family but will start touring the East Coast in January. One of the highlights of the tour will be a ski trip with fans organized through a Pennsylvania radio station.
''Yeah, I know. My life sucks,'' he says with a laugh.
Published in the Athens Banner-Herald on Thursday, December 13, 2001.
Athens, GA ? Athens Banner-Herald © 2015. All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy / About Our Ads | Content Removal PolicyHow's GPS supposed to be handled? Your own builtin app or are you going to use somebody else's application and integrate it in somehow?
Still a couple of weeks to go
I'll finally experience if my gamble pays off
You've let a lot of dots along different threads, and when you filled in on those dots meaningful and wishful things you knew something was cooking
From what I see, not only is it looking great but insanely great, and as a great man we all somehow appreciate would say "AMAZING"
Thanks in advance
PS : I rather prefer small increments than a bagful of non or buggy modules, but at least as much you can throw out at first.
For roadtesting, I'm confident you will iron out even the slightest one
Please please deliver
Good to hear. We have heard and seen many front end attempts here come and go, and the strongest offering right now is AMP. If your app is effective in doing its list of things and done WELL, then you have an advantage of hitting up this nitch market.
"If it works this good why F with it?" -KMFDM "Intro"
Strive for ethical wardriving:
My CarCPUs: v1 - 2000 | v2 - 2004
Mp3Car Meets:
I look forward to trying this out
you don't nneed any beta testers do you? i may not have a mini in a car, but i have an imac. I can see if it works at all resolutions
Planning {[][][][][][][][][][]} 100%
Funding {[][][][][][][][][][]} 100%
Construction {[][][][][][][][][][]} 60%
any idea on the price? is it going to be under $100 or are we talking more?
BookmarksSource: Mainframe Watch BelgiumYou know I usually try to conclude the year on a lighter note, if possible with a couple of videos. Well this year won''t be any different. First of all I''m still presenting you some reading material with these short notes, then I still owe you my year review and after that I''ll come up with some videos, commercials etc. that will hopefully brighten up your last working days of 2011 a bit.
Sor for those who first still want to have some serious reading material . . .
- I just received the Winter issue of zJournal. You can download it over here. I think it''s a great issue this time. It has a comprehensive article on the IDAA (IBM''s DB2 Analytics Accelerator). Some personal columns like e.g. from Marcel den Hartog (IT Management) and Mark Lillycrop (Recession Pushes Mainframe prices up). Too much to mention of course but, VSE people, do take a look at the column of Pete Clark who''s already listing all 2012 events. And there are quite some articles on CICS like e.g. on the scalability enhancements of CICS TS 4.2.
- Which brings me to the next reading material : the CICS Portfolio eNewsletter that starts off with a 2011 overview. It also gives an overview of 2011 product deliverables, gives you a lot of links to documentation, redbooks, demos, webcasts ... And there''s also a preview of 2012 events. You can subscribe to this eNewsletter over here.
- Looking for more webcasts, here''s a link to the upcoming January System z Software Webcasts and Teleconferences. And if you want to keep up with the next months, then just follow IBM System z events on Twitter.
Marc Wambeke, one of our experts, regularly blogs at Mainframe Watch Belgium.$186.
Amazing find for a real fashion femme fatale. A deviant dame stares out from the middle of this scarf holding a murderous pair of scissors, while the corners are emblazoned with fashion mantras (or are they threats?) Accented with red rhinestones (obviously). This vintage product is in mint, original condition.
This product has no reviews yet. Be the first to review this product. Write a reviewInformation Technology Convergence, Secure and Trust Computing, and Data Management
ITCS 2012 & STA 2012
Editors:
- Jong Hyuk (James) Park,
- Jongsung Kim,
- Deqing Zou,
- Yang Sun Lee
- … show all 4 hide
Table of contents (36 chapters)
Front Matter
Pages 1-23
Book Chapter
Pages 1-8
Implementing Business/IT Projects Alignment through the Project Portfolio Approval Process
Book Chapter
Pages 9-14
A Design of IoT Based Agricultural Zone Management System
Book Chapter
Pages 15-20
A Design of Plant Factory Environment Control System
Book Chapter
Pages 21-27
A Study on Ubiquitous Business Process Management for Real-Time Open USN Mash-Up Services
Book Chapter
Pages 29-34
Adaptive Auto Bias Control in Wireless Communication Systems
Book Chapter
Pages 35-40
Comparison of Temperature in the Deep Part of the Dummy by the Electronic Moxibustion and the Gu-Gwan Moxibustion
Book Chapter
Pages 41-46
Wound Healing Effect by 633 nm Wavelength Using LED Irradiator
Book Chapter
Pages 47-53
Development and Evaluation of an In-Vehicle Haptic Navigation System
Book Chapter
Pages 55-61
Modeling of Energy Consumption for K-Coverage in Wireless Sensor Networks
Book Chapter
Pages 63-70
Natural Language Processing for Modeling Stable Writing Characteristics of Users
Book Chapter
Pages 71-78
Electronic Cane Usability for Visually Impaired People
Book Chapter
Pages 79-86
Solving Traffic Assignment Problem by an Improved Particle Swarm Optimization and a Segmented Impedance Function
Book Chapter
Pages 87-93
3D Reconstruction for Internal Organs Based on Improved Gray-Coded Structured Light
Book Chapter
Pages 95-102
Adaptive Resource Control Strategy over Cognitive Networks for Multimedia Services
Book Chapter
Pages 103-117
Towards a Trusted Vehicular Routing in VANET
Book Chapter
Pages 119-126
Forensic Analysis of Digsby Log Data to Trace Suspected User Activities
Book Chapter
Pages 127-133
SDSPF: A Secure Data Storage and Processing Framework for Cloud Computing Systems
Book Chapter
Pages 135-143
Data Consistency for Self-acting Load Balancing of Parallel File System
Book Chapter
Pages 145-153
Isomorphism Classes of Jacobi Quartic Curve over Finite Fields
Book Chapter
Pages 155-162
Fingerprinting Data Based on Secret Mask
Inside
Book Metrics
Other actions
- Book Title
- Information Technology Convergence, Secure and Trust Computing, and Data Management
- Book Subtitle
- ITCS 2012 & STA 2012
- 2012
- DOI
- 10.1007/978-94-007-5083-8
- Print ISBN
- 978-94-007-5082-1
- Online ISBN
- 978-94-007-5083-8
- Series Title
- Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering
- Series Volume
- 180
- Series ISSN
- 1876-1100
- Publisher
- Springer Netherlands
- Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht
- Additional Links
-
- Topics
-
- Industry Sectors
-
- eBook Packages
-
- Editors
- Jong Hyuk (James) Park
(ID1)
- Jongsung Kim
(ID2)
- Deqing Zou
(ID3)
- Yang Sun Lee
(ID4)
- Editor Affiliations
- ID1. SeoulTech, Computer Science and Engineering, Seoul University Science & Technology
- ID2. , Division of e-Business, Kyungnam University
- ID3. , Department of Information Security, Huazhong University of Science and Techn
- ID4. , Division of Computer Engineering, Mokwon University
Continue reading...
To view the rest of this content please follow the download PDF link above.Create a free account to check out faster, store multiple shipping addresses, view and track your orders in your account, and much more.
Please enter your password to continue.
OH MY GOD I love this to apply my makeup! Everyone should have one to apply their makeup. IT goes on so flawless and looks amazing, better than any brush I have ever used, I will always have one!5- ".
Blog all dog-eared locations: H Is For Hawk
29 December 2014
I.
-.
- "You are in a library that may not exist. You are having a terrible time." And so forth.
Blog all dog-eared locations: Climbers, by M John Harrison
17 February 2014
I." Lovely review. Also, gosh, the second edition looks exciting.
- "Work energises work, and I have set about filling some of those remaining frames for Version II which, in anticipation, hold blank grey sheets. Half a dozen have already appeared with more to follow as the exhibition heads to its closing in January 2014. One such revised page features Peckham mud combined with that gathered from a nearby river in Massachusetts." What a wonderful way to hang it.
- .
- .MY FACEBOOK AND TWITTER PROBLEM…August 8th, 2012
Today is a particularly bad (good?) day for me, Twitter and Facebook because my very limited list of friends have linked to/featured the following stories that are just interesting enough to suck me down the rabbit hole.
Here’s the list:
Boy Scout Moms for Equality 1024-1039 (This will show up later todaty in an omnibus post.)
Tom’s Kitchen: Raw Kale Salad, With Hat Tips to Brooklyn and Caesar 1039-1047
This gets made this weekend. I love anchovies (so much so that I have a container of the olive oil from my cans of anchovies that I keep in my refrigerator) so I’ll use a whole can, not just 2, 3 or 4 fillets. I don’t own a mortar and pestle, but this recipe may finally give me the impetuous to buy a set.
Massachusetts Councils: Reject the Boy Scouts of America’s anti-gay policy 1048-1053 (This will show up later todaty in an omnibus post.)
How Do You Find Creative Identity? An Essay by James Navé 1053-1118
They never worried about playing the songs perfectly. They didn’t think about going pro, nor did they play for money. “Creative Block” was not a term you’d find in their vocabulary. They played music. They did it all the time. They were musicians.
Regardless of the creative form you work in, like the musicians, when you show up and do the work (play if you will) your creative identity will find you more than you will find it.
His imagery very much reminds me of this.
(Navé’s poetry is pretty awesome too:
I dropped my moleskin reporter’s
notebook into the sink. Soaked
pages became beds of blue flowers.
Who needs a story when you have
ginger tea and woodpeckers?
Spielberg Leaves Boy Scout Board 1118-1129
Spielberg, who was once a Boy Scout, said he would return on one condition: “Once scouting opens its doors to all who desire the same experience that so fully enriched me as a young person, I will be happy to reconsider a role on the advisory board.”
Interview With the Green Party’s Jill Stein, Candidate for Organizer in Chief1129-1143
[Our campaign].
Point after point, as I read this, makes me want to do a fist pump and shout, “Fuck Yeah!” but the final question and answer ought nail the.
Breaking for lunch at 1143; back from lunch (chopped salad made from ingredients from my Geauga Family Farms weekly allotment dressed with an olive oil and fresh lemon juice dressing) at 1247. Facebook and Twitter checked and shut back down.
Boy Scouts’ Dangerous Message to Young Americans: Gay Kids Don’t Measure Up 1247-1252 (This will show up later todaty in an omnibus post.)
Mustafa’s Space Drive: An Egyptian Student’s Quantum Physics Invention 1252-1258
I can’t begin to evaluate Mustafas work, but I’ve passed the story along to Mano Singham, a real theoretical physicist, and asked him for an evaluation.
I’ll keep you posted. And, as promised:
Hi Jeff,
There is not enough information in the article to really tell but the idea of using the vacuum energy as a form of propulsion seems highly dubious and, at least on the surface, would seem to violate the second law of thermodynamics.
The solar sail example and the Pioneer deflections mentioned in the article have little to do with what is being suggested here except that they are very small effects. But they do not violate any laws and are quite straightforward.
Cheers,
Mano
Ah, those pesky Laws of Thermodyamics
Mosques, Temples, and Theaters: We Need to Change the Script 1258-1342…
In large part, the shooters and arsonists who are behind many, if not most of these events in America, are white men. [Not mentioned by Falguni A. Sheth in his piece, but including our own Scott A. Smith.]
Clearly the FBI, along with all other law enforcement agencies, needs to immediately implement a Stop-And-Frisk policy for all short-haired white males between the ages of 18 and 40 for the sake of public saftey.
The Rhetoric of Singleness… 1342-1354/1542-1554
The contemporary individual is not lonely, just single—but this is not culturally recognized.
[1354: I’ve been up and working since 0300, time for a nap, back in 90 minutes or so… Back at 1542 after a nap, shower and afternoon mediation.]
and therefore: not much. this article was essentially a waste of time. I’m hoping the next one, suggested by Adam, is better.
…and (curse you Adam Harvey) How to be alone 1554-1606
Nope. Nothing happening there either (I evenread through the first page of comments). I’m voting for how you feel about being alone is a genetic brain chemistry issue. I like being alone, in most cases I prefer being alone. And when I don’t want to be alone, the last place I want to be alone is anywhere there are more than 10 people that I’m interacting with. (I hate sporting events where I’m a spectator, large family gatherings, conferences, &c.)
Returned Eagles 1606-1620
What may be the most official document recording those of us who have returned our Eagle awards now lists 175 brothers.
And those are just the tabs I opened and didn’t read immediately.
So, here’s my brief experiment for the morning: just how much time will I need to invest to satisfactorily read these
11 12 links?
I’ll report back later this
morning afternoon.
Logged out of Facebook at 0948; logged out of Twitter at 0949; closed my email reader at 0952; began reading my morning dozen at 1024 and finished at 1620.
So, how do you deal with your Facebook and Twitter problem?Hi Yves: Thank you for your comments! Section 2.1.3 comes from Raman's paper and I was hoping he would respond. These are corner cases and I agree with your analysis. We could remove these points or we could add your analysis and move them earlier in the main exposition. My slight preference is to remove them. We also need to discuss the media fragments work in this section. All the best, Ashok On 11/30/2010 7:00 AM, Yves Lafon wrote: > On Sun, 28 Nov 2010, ashok malhotra wrote: > >> I just checked in >> This is a combination of Raman's hash-in-url writeup and my earlier writeup on >> Client-side Storage. Please review and comment. > > In 2.1.3 > I see > "What if the returned HTML contains an element that has the same fragment ID as the one being used as a client-side parameter? Who wins?" > > Why is that a conflict in the general case? It is a conflict when the processing the same fragment by different code paths affect the same things. > In the case of HTML, if you have a js that scrolls the page to a place that is different than an existing idref, the there is a conflict. > > If the fragid is used to start a video and is an existing idref, then both are executed in parallel. > > > Also I don't understand "Given that the fragment identifier leads to a subsequent request, who should process the error response if one should be raised by that subsequent request?" > > It is not in the general case, but in the specific case of the CNN example (which is a bit misleading here, as the conneg point above is more general), but the fact that is it depends on how the 'subsequent request' is generated, by the script? by the fact that it's an automatically retrieved content once added in the DOM tree of the encapsulated document? > >Received on Wednesday, 1 December 2010 13:03:29 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Wednesday, 7 January 2015 15:33:08 UTCNew England Universities Laboratories
Other Information
- September 28, 1999: EPA Project Fact Sheet (PDF 2 pages; 2.3M)
- Technical Support Document - EPA Hazardous Waste Compatability Chart, April 1980 (PDF 51 pages; 3.4M)
Reports:
- June 28, 2001: Introduction/Summary to First Year - Progress Report (PDF 8 pages; 33.7K)
- June 28, 2001: Environmental Awareness Survey Baseline Results, Comparison Survey - Progress Report (PDF 3 pages; 16.4K)
- June 28, 2001: Status Update for Boston College - Progress Report (PDF 20 pages; 55.4K)
- June 28, 2001: Status Update for University of Massachusetts, Boston - Progress Report (PDF 11 pages; 26K)
- June 28, 2001: Status Update for University of Vermont - Progress Report (PDF 14 pages; 138K)
- June 28, 2001: University of Vermont Chemical Source Table (Excel format) - Progress Report (PDF 1 pages; 6.7K)
- June 28, 2001: Boston College Waste Data (Excel format) - Progress Report (PDF 1 pages; 12.8K)
- December 28, 2000: Interim Status Report (PDF 20 pages; 55.4K)
Environmental Management Plans:
- September 1, 2000: Boston College Environmental Management Plan (EMP)
Stakeholder Meetings and Related Documents
- Laboratory Consortium for Environmental Excellence (LCEE) brochure, October 13, 1997 (PDF 2 pages; 1.1M)
- List of Local Stakeholders for Boston Colledge, December 1997 (PDF 1 page; 360K)
- U-Mass Boston university Report Article on XL Project, December 1, 1997
- Community Stakeholder Plan and Progress Report, January 8, 1998 (PDF 2 pages; 796K)
- Distribution List for U-Mass Boston Reporter, November 1, 1998 (PDF 4 pages; 215K)
- Memorandum for Boston College Stakeholder Meeting, January 13, 1998 (PDF 3 pages; 187K)
- Meeting Materials for January 13, 1998 Stakeholder Meeting (PDF 11 pages; 1M)
- Agenda for Local Stakeholder Workshop, January 13, 1998 (PDF 1 page; 259K)
- UVM Stakeholders Agenda, January 15, 1998 (PDF 2 pages; 94K)
- Interoffice Memorandum Regarding Project XL Proposal and Stakeholder Meeting, February 18, 1998 (PDF 2 pages; 86K)
- XL Project U-Mass Boston Stakeholder Meeting, March 3, 1998 (PDF 1 page; 59K)
- Santa Fe Council for Environmental Excellence Winter Program (Meeting Summary), March 21-23, 1998
- Internal Memorandum XL Project Update, March 27, 1998 (PDF 2 pages; 129K)
- Greening UVM Campus Environmental Report, April, 1998 (PDF 5 pages; 899K)
- Project XL Article in Boston College Chronicle, April 23, 1998 (PDF 1 page; 294K)
- Boston College Chronicle Distribution Information, May 1, 1998 (PDF 1 page; 55K)
- LCEE's Project XL Article in Laboratory Safety and Environmental Management Association, May-June 1998 (PDF 1 page; 218K)
- U-Mass Boston Administrative Meeting/Legal Briefing, May 12, 1998 (PDF 1 page; 46K)
- Lab Safety & Environmental Management Conference, June 22-25, 1998 (PDF 3 pages; 336K)
- Project XL Slide Presentation for Campus Safety Health and Environmental Management Association, July 1, 1998 (PDF 2 pages; 145K)
- List of Local Stakeholders UVM, July 24, 1998 (PDF 1 page; 47K)
- Summary of Slide Presentations for American Chemical Society Conference, August 1, 1998 (PDF 1 page; 99K)
- Draft Local Stakeholder Involvement Plan, August 28, 1998 (PDF 2 pages; 184K)
- Local Stakeholder List for September, 1998 Meeting at Boston College. (PDF 1 page; 30K)
- Stakeholder Mailing for September 22, 1998 Meeting at Boston College. (PDF 33 pages; 2.1M)
- Sign In Sheet for September 22, 1998 Meeting at Boston College. (PDF 1 page; 51K)
- Letter to Paul Burns (Mass PIRG) from Thomas Balf, Seeking Input, September 25, 1998 (PDF 1 page; 32K)
- Agenda for Ward 1 Neighborhood Planning Assembly, September 30, 1998 in Burlington, VT. (PDF 1 page; 77K)
- Questions About Project XL and Hazardous Waste at UVM, September 30, 1998 (PDF 2 pages; 247K)
- Follow Up Letter to Paul Burns, October 6, 1998 (PDF 1 page; 111K)
- Letter to David Lennett (EDF/NRDC) Seeking Input, October 14, 1998 (PDF 1 page; 44K)
- Agenda for Ward 6 Neighborhood Planning Assembly, October 20, 1998 in Burlington, VT. (PDF 1 page; 70K)
- Public Notice for Columbia Point Neighborhood Board Meeting Agenda and Minutes, November, 1998 for U-Mass - Boston. (PDF 5 pages; 426K)
- Agenda for Columbia Point Neighborhood Meeting, November 19, 1998 for U-Mass - Boston. (PDF 8 pages; 562K)
- Summary of Local Stakeholder Outreach, December, 1998 for U-Mass - Boston. (PDF 2 pages; 123K)
- Agenda for U-Mass Pollution Prevention and Environmental Compliance Work Group Meeting, December 1, 1998 (PDF 1 page; 66K)
- List of Attendees for U-Mass Pollution Prevention and Environmental Compliance Work Group, December 1, 1998 (PDF 2 pages; 201K)
- Project XL Meeting Notes UVM, January 22, 1999 (PDF 11 pages; 553K)
- Letter to Paul Burns (Mass PIRG) Seeking Input, January 27, 1999 (PDF 2 pages; 103K)
- Letter from UVM and Stakeholder Progress Report, February 19, 1999
- Community Stakeholders Identified for Boston College and Progress Report, February, 1999 (PDF 1 page; 76K)
- Cover Letter Summarizing Local Stakeholder Efforts at U-Mass Boston, February 2, 1999 (PDF 1 page; 72K)
- Project XL and Laboratory Waste UVM Environmental Safety Presentation, February 4, 1999 (PDF 7 pages; 325K)
- Vermont Stakeholder's Write-Up, February, 1999 (PDF 1 page; 56K)
Other Project-Related Information
- OSHA Excerpt from 29 CFR 1910.1450 regarding Chemical Hygiene Plan (PDF 13 pages; 28K)
- National Research Council, Table of Contents from Prudent Practices in the Laboratory, 1995 (PDF 3 pages; 28K)
- Summary of Federal Regulations Impacting Research and Development Activities (PDF 4 pages; 478K)
- EPA Compliance-Focused Environmental Management System - Enforcement Agreement Guidance (EPA-330/9-97-002), August 1997 (PDF 15 pages; 32K)
- EPA Environmental Management Guide for Small Laboratories, (EPA 233-B-98-001), July 1998
- EPA Safety, Health, and Environmental Management Program, Operations Manual for Laboratories, Release 1, July 1998:
- Table of Contents and Background Material (PDF 69 pages; 1.2M)
- Chapter A: Management and Administration (PDF 60 pages; 1M)
- Chapter B: Hazard & Risk Analysis and Management (PDF 45 pages; 541K)
- Chapter C: Laboratory SHE Programs (PDF 352 pages; 3.7M)
- Chapter D: Engineering Controls (PDF 48 pages; 336K)
- Chapter E: Protective Clothing and Equipment (PDF 63 pages; 491K)
- Chapter F: Work Practice Controls (PDF 55 pages; 1.2M)
- Chapter G: Laboratory Emergency Management (PDF 63 pages; 634K)
Links to Associated WebsitesHad a friend go in for appendicitis. Ended up removing his appendix. Got the bill for 1 day in the Hospital, plus the surgery, and all told it was $33K. His insurance said reasonable and customary is $8300. Anyone familiar with what this might actually cost? $33K just seems way over the top. There were no complications. His insurance isn't the greatest. He just submits a claim, and they will only reimburse "their" R&C, so he's on the hook for the rest. But why so dang much? Why not charge $50K, or heck, even $80K? You'd have to pay, right? What recourse does he have if the charges are above the norm? Get his appendix back???Preparing Students for Postsecondary Education
Hong, Barbara S. S., Ivy, W. Fred, Gonzalez, Humberto R., Ehrensberger, Wendy, Teaching Exceptional Children
Students with disabilities are increasingly enrolled in postsecondary education, yet many of them are not prepared to cope with the rigor of higher education. Students who do not have the skills of self-empowerment often experience frustration and discouragement in the postsecondary setting, leading to their dropping out of school and eventually experiencing less positive outcomes. At the same time, many higher education faculty members are not aware of how to work with students with disabilities, nor are they familiar with policies related to student rights and accommodations. There are some practical strategies for faculty, as well as K-12 teachers, to help students with and without disabilities develop skills of self-advocacy, self-regulation, internal locus of control, and self-knowledge-so they can become empowered to take responsibility for their own learning.
According to the 2006 National Longitudinal "Transition Study (Wagner, Newman, Gameto, Levine, & Garza, 2006), the percentage of students with disabilities completing high school increased by 17% between 1987 and 2003, with a corresponding 32% increase in enrollment in some kind of postsecondary schools (National Council on Disability, 2003; Wagner et al). However, more than half of these students are at risk of failure (Jones, 2002; National Council on Disability, 2003). The National Council on Disability (2004) reports that one of the major reasons for this high dropout rate is that university students with disabilities are not prepared to cope with the rigor of postsecondary education. Support services for transition between secondary schools and higher education are often fragmented and inconsistent in helping students develop requisite skills for postsecondary education (Dukes & Shaw, 1999; Izzo, Hertzfeld, & Aaron, 2001; National Council on Disability, 2004; Stodden, Jones & Chang, 2002). In addition, there is a lack of collaboration at the higher education level between faculty and an institution's office of student services when it comes to providing services to help prepare students for disability-related challenges they may encounter in the postsecondary setting (Hitchings et al., 2001; Izzo et al.; National Council on Disability, 2004; Sitlington, Clark, & Kolstoe, 2000).
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 requires students with disabilities to disclose their disabilities to their institution if they wish to receive reasonable accommodations. In postsecondary education, classroom accommodations are described as "appropriate academic adjustments" (104.44(e)(a)). Many higher education faculty have not worked with people with disabilities, and have received little preparation in meeting their needs (National Council on Disability, 2003). When students with disabilities do disclose their disabilities, oftentimes faculty members simply do not have sufficient knowledge to assist them. In fact, many parents, students, faculty, and high school counselors themselves are not aware of the policy differences for students with disabilities in terms of rights, services, and funding as a result of IDEA, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990 (National Center for the Study of Postsecondary Educational Supports, NCSPES, 2002; Stodden, Conway, & Chang, 2003).
It is not unusual for faculty members to believe that students with disabilities accepted into a university program must have met the same admission requirements as all other students and should have the skills to function and compete on the same playing field. In fact, students with disabilities often feel insecure when they leave the traditional classroom setting to enter higher education (Hitchings et al., 2001; National Council on Disability, 2004). Instruction is at a faster pace, coursework requires more reading, assignments demand higher-order thinking, writing is more technical, and study habits call for more independent problem solving and selfstrategizing (Rosenbaum, 2004). …3 On Your Side: Now Is Best Time Of Year To Buy A Car
By Jim Donovan
PHILADELPHIA (CBS) – Are you in the market for a new car? Well if so you may be in luck. The final days of summer often offer up some sweet deals. 3 On Your Side Consumer Reporter Jim Donovan explains.
This is the time of year when car shoppers can find the perfect blend of discounts yet still have a decent selection of vehicles to choose from.
“This time of year is actually the best time to buy a car because you are catching the end of the model year. So there’s a lot of choices still in the 2013 model year but the 2014’s are already on the lot, twice as many choices,” says Jeannine Fallon with the automotive website Edmunds.com.
According to Fallon, in late-August and September auto dealers generally accelerate the sales of 2013 models to make room for the newer 2014 models. Fallon says, “This is the time when they are really actively clearing them out. There are a lot of deals already on the table. So it’s a question of doing your homework, thinking about what you and your family need, and then going in knowing what the incentives are and negotiating beyond that.”
Some of the incentives being offered right now are 0% percent financing for qualified buyers of any 2013 Volkswagen and the 2013 Toyota Prius. While Chevy is offering $1500 cash back plus a $500 cash bonus during a Labor Day weekend sale on the 2013 Cruze 1LT.
If you’re in the market for a lease Fallon says, “The Chevy Cruze has some fantastic lease deals. It has been a highly rated car, really a good one to consider.”
In addition to the deals above, each month the automotive experts at Edmunds.com name what they consider to be deals of the month. For more information about them visit:TORONTO — Someone in Toronto should be starting the new year feeling like a million bucks — actually, 50 million of them.
One ticket sold in the country’s largest city won a $50-million Lotto Max jackpot in a draw Friday night, the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corp. revealed Saturday.
“This is the largest single ticket win in Ontario lottery history,” said media relations manager Sarah Kiriliuk.
“Whoever it is who’s holding that winning ticket is going to have a great year.”
She said that so far no one has come forward to validate their ticket.
The lottery corporation’s “prize centre” in Toronto is actually closed until Tuesday, but the spokeswoman encouraged whoever is holding the winning ticket — whether it’s a single person or a group — to take it to the store where they bought it and have it verified as soon as possible.
Once that happens, the lottery corporation quickly contacts the winner and helps them take the steps needed to get things in order, she said.
“Winning $50-million changes your life, and it’s probably a bit overwhelming,” said Ms. Kiriliuk.
Lotto Max draws have been held since September 2009, making headlines whenever the jackpots have reached the maximum $50-million prize.
There were also eight $1-million-prize winners in Friday’s nights draws, with winning tickets sold by the lottery agencies of Ontario, British Columbia and Western Canada.
The winning numbers were listed on the Ontario agency’s website.
The lottery spokeswoman said some winners claim their big jackpots within a day or two, while others have waited one or two weeks.
“It always depends on the winner,” she said.
“They take a bit of time, maybe, to organize their lives.”What's the idiom for "la bolsa o la vida!" the famous sentence pronounced in Far West movies by muggers to ask "victims" for their money or they would be killed. I've heard just "your money or your life!" but I am not sure this is correct. Thank you very much!To adopt the model for end-stage liver disease (MELD) score-based system in Korea, the feasibility should be evaluated by analysis of Korean database. The aim of this study was to investigate the feasibility of the MELD score-based system compared with the current Child-Turcotte-Pugh (CTP) based-system and to suggest adequate cut-off to stratify waiting list mortality among Korean population. We included 788 adult patients listed in waiting list in Seoul National University Hospital from January 2008 to May 2011. The short-term survival until 6 months after registration was evaluated. Two hundred forty six (31.2%) patients underwent live donor liver transplantation and 353 (44.8%) patients were still waiting and 121 (15.4%) patients were dropped out due to death. Significant difference was observed when MELD score 24 and 31 were used as cut-off. Three-months survival of Status 2A was 70.2%. However, in Status 2A patients whose MELD score less than 24 (n=82), 86.6% of patients survived until 6 month. Furthermore, patients with high MELD score (≥31) among Status 2B group showed poorer survival rate (45.8%, 3-month) than Status 2A group. In conclusion, MELD score-based system can predict short term mortality better and select more number of high risk patients in Korean population.
Despite of increment of liver transplantation (LT), there are still growing numbers of accumulated patients in waiting list in Korea. Child-Turcotte-Pugh (CTP) score-based system has been used for deceased donor allocation in LT in Korea from 2002. Even though the donation rate after brain death was still relatively low, the absolute number and the proportion of deceased donor liver transplantation (DDLT) have been increasing recently. Therefore, adequate deceased donor allocation became important issue in Korea.
Ultimate goal of allocation system is balancing between justice and utility, which means to optimize the use of scarce donor organ resource and to reduce waiting list mortality and furthermore, to maximize long-term outcome. For this purpose, the model for end-stage liver disease (MELD) score system was adopted for deceased donor allocation in February 2002 in the United States, because it is objective, readily available data and highly predictive of short term mortality, on the other hand, CTP score-based system is partly subjective and empirical (1).
MELD score was introduced for the prediction of short term mortality of patients with cirrhotic liver after transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt, using serum creatinine, bilirubin, prothrombin time international normalized ratio (INR) and etiology of liver disease (2). MELD allocation system has resulted in positive effects, i.e., 12% reduction in waiting list registration especially patients with MELD score less than 10 because of the very little chance of receiving deceased donor liver (3) and 3.5% reduction in drop out number, which caused the increase in transplantation rates on the contrary. MELD score based system have settled down to some extent in the United States and many other countries but still, is on the way of refinement, i.e., MELD-Na, MELD refit, additional point for patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and so on (4-7).
However, it is not desirable to adopt the allocation system of the Western countries without verification because the medical environment of Korea may be quite different from that of the Western countries. However, there are very few data and reports about the feasibility of MELD score-based allocation system in Korea (8-10).
The aim of this study was to investigate the feasibility of the MELD score-based system compared with the current CTP score-based system and to suggest adequate cut-off to stratify waiting list mortality among Korean population.
Nine hundred and one patients have registered for DDLT from January 2008 to May 2011 in Seoul National University Hospital. Seven hundred and eighty eight adult patients were included for analysis after excluding 113 patients who were status 1 or younger than 18 yr old, or patients whose laboratory data were not available for calculation of MELD score.
We collected the patients' data of age, sex, the Korean Network for Organ Sharing (KONOS) status, and laboratory data retrospectively. MELD scores were calculated using values acquired by test just before registration. Values of serum total bilirubin (mg/dL), prothrombin time INR, serum creatinine (mg/dL) less than 1.0 were changed to 1.0 to avoid negative value because they should be calculated in logarithmic function. Creatinine values higher than 4.0 were changed to 4.0 according to the previously proposed protocol (5).
MELD scores were calculated according to the following formula:
Median MELD score was 17 (range, 6-57). Patients were classified into three groups according to the MELD score, i.e., low MELD score group (MELD score<24), high MELD score group (24≤MELD score<31) and highest MELD score group (MLED score≥31). Patients were also classified as three groups according to KONOS status, i.e., 2A group, 2B group, and 3 & 7 group. KONOS classification is similar with previous UNOS classification (Table 1) (1).
Patients were observed for 6 month after registration. During follow up period, patients who underwent LT (DDLT or LDLT) or patients who were loss of follow up were considered as censored.
Statistical analysis was performed with the SPSS version 19 (SPSS, Inc., Chicago, IL, USA) and Medcalc for Windows version 12.4.0.0. (MedCalc Software, Mariakerke, Belgium). To identify adequate cut-off value, we performed c-statistics and the area under the curve (AUC) value was calculated. The short term (1, 3, and 6 months) survival was evaluated via Kaplan-Meier method according to current allocation system and MELD score. P<0.05 was defined as statistically significant.
This study was approved by the institutional review board of Seoul National University Hospital (H-1212-017-446). The board waived the need for informed consent.
Fig. 1A showed patient survival according to MELD score at an interval of 5 point. One month survival dropped at 30 point. And 3 month survival dropped at 25 point. According to c-statistics, the adequate cut-off value for 1-month mortality was 31 (sensitivity, 58.18; specificity, 89.50) and the area under the curve (AUC) value was 0.794 (95% CI, 0.764-0.822; P<0.001) (Fig. 1B).
The cut-off value for 3-month mortality was 24 (sensitivity, 65.22; specificity, 80.46) and AUC was 0.778 (95% CI, 0.747-0.806, P<0.001) (Fig. 1C).
We divided into three groups based on different cut-off values. Patients with higher MELD score (MELD≥31) has the lowest 1-month survival rate (65.2%, P<0.001) but the other two groups showed no difference (P=0.860) (Fig 1D). However, 3-month survival rates were significantly different between three groups.
One hundred sixty four patients were listed as Status 2A, 400 patients as Status 2B and 224 patients as Status 3 or 7 (Table 1). Among 164 patients in Status 2A, 47.6% of patients (78/164) was low MELD group (<24). However, 28.8% of patients in Status 2B (115/400) was high MELD group (≥24).
Fig. 2A shows 1, 3, and 6 month survival according to the current KONOS status. 3-months survival of Status 2A was 70.2%. However, among Status 2A patients, 82 patients with MELD <24 showed better survival (93.0% of 3-months survival) than current Status 2B group (82.3%) (Fig. 2A, B). However, patients with highest MELD score (≥31) among Status 2B group showed poorer survivals (48.2% of 3-months survival) than current Status 2A group (70.2%) (Fig. 2C).
Fig. 3 shows the clinical course of the patients for 6 months after registration under the current allocation system. Only 8.6% of patients (68/788) in the waiting list received DDLT within 1 month. The rate of DDLT was not much increased until 6 months after that 19% of the patients (150/788) received LDLT within 1 month. It was increased until 6 months. 337 (42.8%) patients underwent LT during 6 months follow-up. Among them, only 91 patients (91/337, 27.0%) underwent DDLT, and 246 patients (246/337, 73.0%) underwent LDLT. However, 353 patients (44.8%) were still in waiting list and 121 patients (15.4%) were dropped out due to death and 8 patients (1.0%) were loss of follow up during 6 months after initial registration.
Among status 2A patients, 48.2% (79/164) received DDLT. However, only 18.5% (23/124) of highest MELD and 27.6% (24/87) of high MELD group received DDLT (Table 2).
Deceased donor allocation system has not been a major concern in Korea, because LDLT has been prevalent. Current Korean liver allocation system adopted the previous UNOS system, which utilizes CTP score-based system. However, it comprises a couple of subjective factors such as ascites and encephalopathy, therefore, it can be easily manipulated for the purpose of allocation. Furthermore, in Status 2B category, non-medical factors such as waiting time and center incentive determined the order of allocation in current Korean allocation system. As the DDLT is increasing in Korea, there is an argument that the current allocation system needs to be changed into more objective system such as MELD score-based system. Medical environment of Korea is somewhat different from the Western. Hepatitis B virus (HBV) related liver disease is more prevalent and LDLT is more prevalent. Therefore, it is necessary to evaluate the feasibility of MELD system in Korea compared with the current allocation system by analyzing Korean database.
There have been some studies about the feasibility of MELD score in Korea. However, most of them were about the prognosis after resection or prognosis of the patients with cirrhosis. Song et al. (11) showed that MELD score was better predictive factor of early mortality after resection for patients with HCC and cirrhotic liver than CTP score irrespective of etiology of cirrhosis. Kim et al. (12) also showed the MELD-Na and MELD score was superior to CTP score for prediction of early mortality for patients with cirrhosis. Hwang et al. (8) suggested the MELD system as a solution for allocation dilemma (Status 1 vs Status 2A) in cases of HBV related fulminant hepatitis. However, there have been no Korean studies about the usefulness of MELD score system for prediction of early mortality after registration for DDLT.
The definition of KONOS Status 2A is the life expectancy of 1 week or so without LT. So far, those patients of Status 2A have had priority of deceased donor liver over the patients of other status according to this definition. This study, however, did not show the early mortality corresponding to the definition. One month mortality of Status 2A patients was relatively low. Only 12.7% of patients among Status 2A patients were dead at 1 month after registration and they also showed low mortality rate 29.8%, 33.8% at 3 and 6 months respectively. Because of relatively higher incidence of LDLT in Korea, the mortality could be lower than the United States. However, compared with relatively higher mortality rate in highest MELD score (34.8% of one month mortality in MELD≥31), the one month mortality rate of current Status 2A (12.7%) is too low in contrast to the definition. The risk of mortality in Status 2B group was also relatively low compared with that of intermediate MELD score group (Fig. 2A & 1D). Therefore, current allocation system does not reflect the risk of early mortality after registration correctly. Furthermore, short term mortality can be stratified by MELD score among Status 2A group (Fig. 2B). One month mortality was 35.1% in patients with MELD score more than 31 among Status 2B, which is higher than that of general Status 2A patients (12.7%) (Fig. 2C). Thus, we might have overestimated some patients with low actual risk of mortality and we also have overlooked some patients with high actual risk of mortality in the current allocation system. Therefore, we can conclude that MELD system is better than the current allocation system to stratify the survival during waiting in Korea.
In the current system, if there is no Status 1 patient in the waiting list, deceased liver allocates to the Status 2A recipients in the same region first, and then if no candidate in the same region, it extends to whole nation before seeking Status 2B patient in the same region. In this study, we tried to find the optimal cut-off to apply this nation-wide extension policy in Status 2A if MELD system is applied. In the United States, it is 35 and 15 point (13). According to our analysis, 31 point seems appropriate to differentiate one month survival. However, 24 point seems more appropriate to differentiate 3-month survival. Furthermore, the proportion of patients (MELD≥24) group was 26.7%, which was similar with that of the current Status 2A (20.8%). Therefore, 31 and/or 24 point seemed appropriate cut-offs to differentiate allocation policy in Korea.
Optimal allocation means 'more livers to sicker patients', however, short-term post-operative mortality might be increased after this strategy. The actual short term outcome has been reported not to be changed compared with the previous outcome according to UNOS/OPTN analysis. Instead, waiting list mortality was reduced (14). There have been several efforts of validation after adoption of MELD based system in the United States (15, 16). And further studies are ongoing for refinement of MELD score-based system (4-6, 17). Biselli et al. (4) reported that MELD-Na and integrated MELD were the best prognostic models after comparing 6 score systems. Validation and modification should also be followed if MELD system is adopted in Korea.
Another issue is the exceptional situations such as HCC and hepatopulmaonary syndrome and so on in which MELD based allocation is not applicable (18-20). We need another study to identify optimal exceptional indication in Korea.
One of the limitations of this study is that we assumed that all mortality was related with hepatic failure. The non-liver failure related mortality such as HCC progression was not considered in this study. However, the tumor biology of the patients in waiting list was usually good because no additional point for HCC in the current listing rule and therefore, the reason for DDLT listing was mainly liver dysfunction in Korea.
In conclusion, MELD score-based system is better than CTP score-based system in that it uses objective data and it can predict short-term mortality better. Therefore, we expect that more number of high risk patients can receive DDLT and thus, dropout rate will be decreased by adopting MELD score-based system in Korea. The current CTP score-based system should be changed into the MELD score-based system in Korea. However, nation-wide study is needed to make concrete conclusion.
This research was not supported by a financial grant.
The authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.Flame.
- 1 comment
- 1 comment
Table of contents
Facts
- Date created
- Jun 21, 2009
- Categories
-
- Last update
- Oct 20, 2009
- Development stage
- Abandoned
- Language
- deDE
- enUS
- License
- GNU General Public License version 2 (GPLv2)
- Downloads
- 2,351
- Recent files
-
Relationships
- Embedded library
- Ace3
- CallbackHandler-1.0
- LibStub
nc1 :oThe pampered Islamabadites
Located in the foothills of the Margallas, and boasting green spaces and forests intertwined among the folds of the city, Islamabad appears almost surreal against the densely populated rest of Pakistan. Built during the early 1960s by Pakistan’s developmentalist dictator, General Ayub Khan, Islamabad was seen as an antidote to politicised Karachi – which, in any case, was a bit too far from the Punjab and the NWFP, the popular bases for Pakistan’s powerful military. Laid out as a model city with the help of Greek architects, this city of the exclusive was formally born in 1965. Nearby Rawalpindi was already the seat of the army’s headquarters, and its proximity to the new capital was certainly intentional.
The new city’s layout was divided into sectors, numbered streets and broad avenues that are called ramna, using the Bengali term. The civil bureaucracy of federal united Pakistan moved here, and thus the sleepy town suddenly emerged as a new urban settlement in line with the earlier planned emergence of Chandigarh. In Islamabad, roads would empty out after sunset, and the national capital would be oddly deserted on all public holidays. After all, for decades none of the residents actually belonged to this city.
The capital’s creation was not without controversy, though. The populist leader of then-East Pakistan, Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, dubbed it a visible sign of East Pakistan’s exploitation by the West Pakistani elites. A famous line had it that Islamabad reeked of the toils of East Pakistan, which produced jute and provided foreign exchange to the Pakistani coffers. Such voices were made redundant within a few years, though, as the army action in Pakistan’s eastern wing led to the War of Liberation, which in turn resulted in the creation of Bangladesh in 1971.
Islamabad finally belonged to the smug elites of West Pakistan, now truly the constructed, authoritarian Pakistan. During the 1970s and 1980s the city remained a graded zone, where people were measured by the scale and cadre of civil service to which they belonged. The original residents of Islamabad were mostly public servants, from the lowly minions to the mighty bureaucrats. A bureaucratic casteism thus defined its social and cultural life. This is the reason that a vital public space such as the National Art Gallery came into being only in 2007, after decades of delay and a purported lack of funds. A National Library was already in existence, though it was hardly accessible to the public, as the building was and remains enclosed within the security barricades of the prime minister’s secretariat.
Yet change has indeed come to Islamabad over the last decade or so. The city has opened up and, in the process, its population has crossed the one-million mark. In particular, its mix of residents has undergone a notable transformation, as the bulk of non-resident Pakistanis – the corporate sector and an overgrown development industry armed with consultants, advisors and think tanks – makes up the robust environment of today’s Islamabad. Invisible though they may be, there are also shanty towns and squatter settlements reserved for the working class that serves the well-to-do sections of the society.
15 miles away
The city we know now is ostensibly where the Aryans from Central Asia may have originally founded a settlement, given that it lies directly on the route from West Asia down into India. Ancient caravans from Central Asia might have halted here. The shrinking Soan River, running through Islamabad, has even revealed Stone Age remnants, with the discovery of fossils and skulls alluding to a 5000-year-old past. There is also a little village named Saidpur, which bespeaks of a communal harmony of the pre-1947 age in which Muslims, Hindus and Sikhs lived together in peace (according to the Punjab Gazetteer of 1893-94), and a woman saint’s shrine is still a revered site of devotion. It is a separate matter that new housing colonies and greed for real-estate development has overshadowed the capital’s pristine natural environs.
The 21st-century Islamabad boasts wide avenues and expressways built under the regime of Pervez Musharraf, partly to ease traffic congestion but also to ensure the security of the very important personas of Pakistan’s ruling class. Once again, other parts of the country feel neglected. Déjà vu? But the paradigm of development that cuts down trees, and neglects public transport by focusing instead on car owners, has of late invited fierce criticism from citizen groups.
Nonetheless, there remains much for the citizens of Islamabad and Rawalpindi to savour. The Margalla Hills offer relatively high-altitude recreation spots; the sculpted gardens of the Shakarparian National Monument and the Heritage Museum are new additions; and the tent-shaped Faisal Mosque, with its imposing architecture, has become the new postcard landmark for the entire country. While the tent defines the penchant of General Zia ul-Haq’s Pakistan to relate to the West Asian ethos, it also parallels, quite unwittingly, the Aryans and Mongols, who may have erected their own tents during halts near the future capital.
The official architecture is a mixed bag. The Supreme Court building, designed by a Japanese architect, is unique in its concept, and now stands metaphorically smack in the middle of Pakistan’s political fault lines. In August, the vibrant movement led by Pakistan’s lawyers to protect the independence of the judiciary catalysed the exit of Pakistan’s iron-man, Musharraf. The prime minister’s secretariat is an opulent replica of Mughal sensibilities, with unnecessary domes and overkill of marble to match. A few high rises, such as the Saudi Pak towers, are interesting fusion designs. On balance, though, these visual symbols remain reflective of the Pakistani elite’s love for crass display and yearning for grandeur. Little wonder that commercialism fuelled by globalisation screams out of the compound of a McDonalds erected in a public park – and more so in the remakes of Broadway musicals sold as high culture.
Regardless, an entire generation now calls itself ‘Islamabadite’, and has taken thorough ownership of the city. Some vibrant groups have grown for environmental protection and civic interest; and, thanks largely to the expatriate population, there are now great bookshops. Islamabad has indeed expanded. Its new residents are quickly eroding the earlier casteism, and instead fuelling the general trend of a fast-urbanising, politically broiling middle class. If the world has heard too much about the Lal Masjid saga, when a violent confrontation took place between Islamic radicals and government troops on 3 July 2007, it is not the fault of Islamabad per se. Likewise the devastating attack on the Marriot hotel on 20 September. The city continues to flourish despite the suicide attacks and security spillover of the malicious ‘war on terror’.
In the heart of Islamabad today, a bodhi tree smiles. Dancing rituals take place at the Barri Imam shrine. And, a few dozen kilometres away, the remnants of the ancient, largely Buddhist, Gandhara civilisation wistfully face the milling jihadists. The civic authorities also try to counter the building mafia, in order to enforce standards after the tragic collapse of an apartment tower during the October 2005 earthquake.
Islamabad, the city of Islam, has defied cynics. At times compared to Arlington, the US national cemetery, and accused of being 15 kilometres away from Pakistan, Islamabad today nonetheless hosts Afghan refugees and squatter settlements. And regardless of what anyone says, its borders have already merged with the rest of Pakistan. Its elite bias notwithstanding, it will continue to baffle us – such is the dynamic of a pampered city.
All My Posts, On Pakistan, Personal, Published in Himal MagazineH ...
These babies come from great blood lines. The mother a blue and tan Merle weighing 4 lbs had 4 babies 2 males (one brown smooth coat and one black with white paws long hair) and 2 females (one all black one light tan/white merle). The two males and the all black female are ...
May 17 -
Hagerstown-Martinsburg :
Martinsburg - Dogs & puppies
Adorable little male, will mature to 4 to 6lbs! He is registered . He is just so much fun! He loves to play and is very social. He also loves to cuddle. He is just a little sweetheart! He is totally puppy pad trained and will come with a health check and first shot
May 8 -
Flint :
Otter Lake - Dogs & puppies
BJ is a proven male chihuahua stud who is black and merle. He is very lovable and likes attention. He is CKC registered. UTD on shots but his rabies is due. He was born on 6/20/2013 and weighs 4.5 to 5 lbs. Beautiful temperment. Good with kids and other dogs. Please let us ...
May 1 - ...
Petite 12 week female. Shots. Super sweet personality 610-571-8469
This ad was posted with the eBay Classifieds mobile app.
Apr 21 -
Dutch Country PA :
Wernersville - Dogs & puppies
Bluu is so sweet with a wonderful personality. Loves to play and is very spunky. Loves going outside and uses puppy pads well. He'll be ready April 30th. Please for info email or text me (no calls please)
Apr 12 -
Detroit :
Romulus - Dogs & puppies
Adult young chihuahuas for sale. Chocolate Merle female. Cream female. Red female. Black and white male. 100.00 each. But 2 females already bred. 400.00 takes all. Not sold seperately you will make your money back off 1 pup!!! All 4 and 5 lbs except Merle is 6 lbs. Text for ...
Apr 10 -
Pittsburgh :
Apollo -
Spotted Yorkie chihuahuas Vet checked. Shots wormed. 717-639-5294 male and female
This ad was posted with the eBay Classifieds mobile app.
Mar 23 -
Dutch Country PA :
Bethel - Dogs & puppies
We'll be sending text message alerts for your subscription toSanta smote me.December 24th, 2009 | by TJ |
Internet, I don’t think I was very good this year, because even though I wasn’t really expecting anyone to be sneaking around my house tonight leaving presents under my wall-tree, I have definitely been smote. Smoten. Smited?
I dragged my sick ass out of bed last night, Internet (by bed, I mean, from in front of the computer, but I’m pretty sure that part was understood), to make this delicious holiday cake (without the company of Dexter, unfortunately):
Only to find that I did not, in fact, have any round baking pans in which to make two delicious cake layers. In fact, I only had one pan. One disposable pan. That I was going to have to carefully use two times. Which was going to be a pain in my goddamn holiday ass.
And on top of that?
Yeaaaaaah.
Let’s all just agree that it’s a Holiday Cake and Halloween is a holiday.
So I am sick, and I am tired, and I’ve got to bake this damn Christmas pumpkin cake in shifts, and discover that I totally did not leave enough batter for the second shift, because God only knows why I suddenly thought I developed a talent for eyeballing it, who the hell do I think I suddenly am, Rachel Ray or something? Her boobs are WAY higher than mine.
So I’ve got these lopsided layers with stems. Also? They’re not even round. They’re ovals.
And how did I not notice that the holiday icing strongly resembled toothpaste and oh yeah, did I suddenly develop icing amnesia? That is, did I somehow think that by some Christmas miracle, I had learned how to ice things?
“You can hardly tell that it’s a pumpkin, right?”
“Hardly tell.”
“And you can’t really tell that the layers are a little lopsided.”
“Can’t really tell.”
“And you can barely see that I filled in that hole in the cake with icing.”
“Can barely see.”
“Shut up, you can’t see that at all.”
“Can’t see that at all.”
“Get the hell out of here!”
“Getting the hell out of here.”
Let’s be honest, Internet.
That is a Christmas Monstrosity.
Also, let’s be a bit more honest. Look at it again, from another angle.
If we didn’t know that this was a Christmas Pumpkin, would we think this was a Christmas Breast?
Did I bake a Holiday Boob?
By fidget on Dec 24, 2009
nice rack
TJ Reply:
December 24th, 2009 at 11:55 am
That made me laugh for the first time in 2 days, and it sounded just like Joan Rivers, which made me laugh harder, so I coughed, and then I cursed you a little. MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM JOAN RIVERS!
By fidget on Dec 24, 2009
Oy! Oy! Oy!
By Petal on Dec 24, 2009
I suggest you start a new tradition with Phil wherein you create your own version of the “12 Days of Christmas” only it’s about cakes.
O the first cake of Christmas, I mistakenly made:
A green, sprinkle-y boob.
Etc., etc.
TJ Reply:
December 24th, 2009 at 12:32 pm
It sounds like a good idea, in theory, but I am hoping not to be a Christmas screw up forever.
By Aunt Becky on Dec 24, 2009
Dexter would have liked it.
TJ Reply:
December 24th, 2009 at 12:31 pm
I can list several other serial killers who might have, as well, I think.
By Mikey on Dec 24, 2009
Absolutely nothing wrong with holiday boob. Plus cake is cake no matter what shape it is in. I would eat a funfetti cake even if it was shaped like a cockroach.
TJ Reply:
December 24th, 2009 at 12:31 pm
I might, personally, draw the line at cockroach.
By Delicia on Dec 24, 2009
LMAO reading your post, esp when I got to the pic of the only pan you have. You don’t have any casserole dishes?? wow..
I’m sure it’ll still be yummy to eat!
-Del
TJ Reply:
December 24th, 2009 at 12:31 pm
We don’t really own anything, kitchen-wise. Maybe Santa will remedy that this year.
By Awlbiste on Dec 24, 2009
Hell, I’d eat it. I mean maybe it looks worse in real life true colors but in those pictures I would have no idea you made it with a disposable pumpkin pan. For real.
Can I have some cake?
TJ Reply:
December 24th, 2009 at 12:30 pm
That is probably because you are thinking “Man I wonder where she got a pan shaped like boob.”
Actually, my woefully poor icing skills covered up a lot of the pumpkin shape.
And yes you can have some cake because when I am sick, all I want to eat is completely plain fast food burgers. Phil has made so many drive thru orders of $.97 cents in the last few days that the cost of gas is vastly outweighing the cost of the food I am consuming.
By Chris Anthony on Dec 24, 2009
Smitten, by the way.
I think the cake looks good, and I wouldn’t have noticed the boob connection if you hadn’t mentioned it, in large part because I have not watched enough Star Trek recently and thus don’t really associate green with breasts.
In your position, it might have occurred to me to make a snowman with the second shift, but a) it still would have been green, b) it would have been an awfully stubby snowman, and c) I would have had the irresistable urge to put actual sticks in the sides for arms, which I suspect would have impeded the cake’s edibility. (Firefox insists that I didn’t make that word up, which I find astonishing.)
All of that said, I actually think the icing job looks pretty good.
By Alicia @bethsix on Dec 24, 2009
I may be fantastic in the bedroom (heh), but I’m shit in the kitchen. I just waded through my flickr to find you a present. This is the cake I made my husband for Father’s Day immediately after our second child was born:. Oh yeahhhh.
TJ Reply:
December 24th, 2009 at 1:51 pm
Ok, that TOTALLY tops accidentally making a breast and not realizing that you made a breast until you are about to hit “post” on your blog entry.
Thank you, that is HILARIOUS.
By MoCo Mom on Dec 24, 2009
This is the funniest thing ever. You’re the holiday boob, dear. (Sometimes a cake is just a cake).
My kids would be delighted to devour it, because it looks suspiciously like something I’d bake. And I have a couple of decade of (disastrous) baking experience on you. See what you can aspire to? Me!
Merry, merry, TJ and Phil. Hope you have a sunny Xmas :-)
By Kelly on Dec 24, 2009
Oh. I thought it looked like a balloon. Still… it looks delicious. I would totally have some.
Have a Merry Christmas!
By Dinsdale on Dec 24, 2009
Dude, that looks awesome. I’d eat it.
And now I want cake, but all I have are overcooked, underfrosted gingerbread cookies. Damn you.
By hydra on Dec 24, 2009
I like it. It looks tasty and it is not so easy being green.
By Jheran on Dec 25, 2009
It’s not a Christmas boob, it’s a Christmas ball. Just hang an ornament hook on the nipple part and tell Phil it’s a giant ornament for your wall tree.
And… we’re going to totally ignore that I just told you to pierce the nipple with a fish hook.
By Bernie on Dec 25, 2009
Hmmmm, after the Great Lentil Production I thought you had domestic duties aced. I think the pumpkin face in the bottom of the pan is a rip-off. First it’s on the bottom and second the frosting covers it.
I hope you did not pay full price for the pan.software-download.name
Software Download
Best Software Downloads and Reviews. the most comprehensive source for free-to-try software downloads on the Web.
drivers-software-download.org
Drivers Software Download - Download Drivers & Software free
Drivers Software Download Provide drivers download,software download,all the Device Drivers & software free.
pocketpc-software-downloads.com
PocketPC Software Downloads - freeware and shareware - Android, iPhone, Symbian, Windows Mobile, Smartphone
PocketPC Software Downloads - freeware and shareware - Android, iPhone, Symbian, Windows Mobile, Smartphone - Free PocketPC software downloads - best...
Keywords: wifi password unlocker, fiverr font download is spam free, hourly updated, user review, instant software download. Visit right now to download...
downsoftwarezz.blogspot.com
Free Software Download - Crack Software - Full Version Software
free software download, crack software download, full version software, free download software, download free software, PC software, software download
Keywords: free software download, Free Download software, full version software, download free software, PC Software, themes.......
appcraft.org
Great Software Apps Like No Other | APPCRAFT
Remarkable software apps because they deliver eye-popping results on your computer. Free download of impressive digital products.
fruitydownload.com
Download Free Software, Latest PC Software Downloads
Download Free Software, Latest Computer software download, Latest PC Software Downloads and Get latest Software updates. List of All Free software download totally for Free. Download Latest Computer Programs
Keywords: fruity download
Related keywords for looklet software free downloadmicromax a35 free software download, erp jewellery software download, erp sam4s 260 software download, looklet software, looklet app download, looklet look creator software download, looklet software download, how to download looklet software, looklet free download softwareAmbiance DS BlueSB Changelog
New in version 2.10September 14th, 2012
- Get Rid of all the GTK2 Warning in xsession-errors log.
- Minor adjustments on buttons glow shades and style.
New in version 2.01 (September 12th, 2012)
- Add a faint glow on dropdownmenus and popupmenus.
New in version 2.0 (August 31st, 2012)
- Corrected some errors based on xsession-errors log.
- Change base[NORMAL] to more darker color.
- Improved Borders.
- Remove lots of useless codes.
New in version 1.02 (August 17th, 2012)
- Change hover buttons shades.
- Change Active BG and Base Shades.
New in version 1.01 (July 27th, 2012)
- Edited gtk2 buttons to match gtk3 buttons design.
- Change hover buttons shades.
- Change Active BG and Base Shades.thse slope of this line is
now the equation of the line passing through (4,-1) is:
; where m is the slope.; where m is the slope.
these two lines are perpendicular if the product of their slopes is -1, that is,
find m and fit it in the second equation to find the equation of the line.REV3 South Carolina was always going to be a big race for me but 4 weeks ago I tore my calf muscle and although I struggled though Syracuse Ironman 70.3 three weeks ago to finish 5th, I was not very confident with my run form going in to REV3 having not run since Syracuse. Starting REV3 I new the calf was better but I just didn’t know how I would fair on the run.
REV3 South Carolina was a solid course with a fairly hilly, windy bike course and rolling hilly run. The weather was perfect for me being sunny but not too hot and I was excited to race such a strong field including Chris McDonald (multiple Ironman Champion), Tim Berkel (Ironman champion &7th at 70.3 World Champs), Richie Cunningham (Multiple Ironman 70.3 Champ) and Maxim Kriat (Multiple Ironman 70.3 Champ). A truly stellar field!
My swim started well and I was feeling good in the 2nd pack.
I certainly prefer none wetsuit swims and my speed suit was feeling great. I had lost a minute to Fleishman who was first out but I was surrounded by many of the main contenders and knew we could all bike hard to catch up. I rode hard with the extremely strong David Thompson and we quickly reeled in many of the lead swim group. For a while it was the Kestrel show with 4 matching Kestrels in a main lead group of 8! That looked pretty cool! Thompson then made a move and I went with him. We got the break we needed and pulled away from the pack containing Cunningham, Kriat, Berkel and McDonald. With all these athletes being strong runners I knew this was a smart move.
We now only had Andrew Starykowicz ahead of us on the road and we chased hard. At mile 45 I pulled away from Thompson in pursuit of the leader and trying to get more time on the group chasing me. I love windy conditions and it sure was windy out there! I came in to T2 4 minutes behind the leader, which sounds like a lot but I knew he was not renowned as a runner. I had approx 1 minute on Thompson and 2 minutes on the main contender group. I was now in to unknown territory and just didn’t know how I would run. The first 3 miles I felt awful and I could see 7 guys chasing hard and closing on me. My head dropped but I do what I always do and focused giving it everything one step at a time. By mile 5 I started to feel good and when I hit the half way turn I had cut the leader down to 2 minutes and had opened up 1 minute on 3rd place. This was a huge mental boost and I knew I could hold 2nd if I could keep getting the Gatorade down at each aid station. Nutrition was my focus and I started to feel great. Unfortunately Starykowicz, who came off a big Ironman win in September, was getting stronger and I could not close the 2 minutes. He finished 1.54 ahead of me but I was really over the moon to have run well off no run training. 2nd fastest bike split, fastest run split and 2nd overall. A good day for me with some World Class competition out there! Well done to Starykowicz for a gutsy race!
Last race of the season is Miami Ironman 70.3 in 3 weeks. If I can get some good run training in over the next 2 weeks then I will be really up for that one!
See the REV3 race report show here-Rev3 Anderson Race Recap
See the Triathlete magazine report here-Triathlon Magazine
Many thanks to all of my sponsors. Also thanks to Rev3! They are a really great race organization and I’ll definitely be doing many more Rev3 races next season!!
Source:46 items found in this collection
Colgate's
A Moving Picture, The Conversion of Mr. Prejudice
Colgate's Shaving Lather
Colgate's Shaving Stick
Colgate's Shaving Lather
Shaving Powder for Women's Use?
Even if you oversleep you needn't undershave
"like putting a new film in a Kodak"
The Evolution of the "Comfort Smile"
Comfort-A Three Act Play-By Mostall Menn
Colgate's "Handy Grip" The Refill Shaving Stick
Like Putting a New Battery in a Flashlight
Rise And Fall Of The Goatee
Look through the lens of this microscope
Colgate's for better shaving
Colgate's softens the beard at the baseOp-Ed: “Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness”
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
This July 4th, we as a nation will celibate these words that shook humanity, and are the foundation of our fledgling Nation and its Declaration of Independence 235 years ago. Nothing is more American than Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. I believe that these “inalienable Rights” that we are all “endowed by our Creator” cannot note be infringed upon no matter what the peaceful endeavor one so chooses.
However as someone who regularly walks and rides a bike, I cannot help but wonder if these rights, that form the foundation of our uniquely American form of freedom, does not apply to me when I travel using these modes. As a free American, I hereby declare that I demand my rights of “Life Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness” no matter what legal form of travel I so choose.
Life – I demand the right to walk or ride my bicycle on the public right-of-way without the constant fear that my life is in imminent danger due to:
- roadway engineering that continues to ignore the practical needs of bicyclists and pedestrians.
- the poor driving skills of the operators of motor vehicles and the government agencies that continue to allow these incompetent persons to legally operate said motor vehicles with impunity.P-A Privilege
Card | Use DropBox To Store
Pics | | Pattaya Newbie | Visas For The
UK | Sapphire A GoGo - Soi 15 | Pattaya
Fishing | Female Taxi Driver | Pattaya Private
Investigators | Cheap International Shipping
Posted 27 December 2011 - 02:54 PM
Posted 27 December 2011 - 03:56 PM
Just checking if anyone knows of any good deals this coming January?
Posted 27 December 2011 - 07:34 PM
Posted 25 January 2012 - 04:42 |
Any January hotel Sukhumvit special offers?
Agoda Hotels
#1
Many
Try the obvious-Latestays.com.
Many thanks
#3
Agoda Hotels
Girl Friendly Hotels Central Pattaya - Page 10 Hotel (central Pattaya) - April Suites - August Suites Hotel
#4
Meet some girls in Pattaya</div>
0 user(s) are browsing this forum
Posted 27 December 2011 - 02:54 PM
Posted 27 December 2011 - 03:56 PM
Just checking if anyone knows of any good deals this coming January?
Posted 27 December 2011 - 07:34 PM
Posted 25 January 2012 - 04:42 AM
0 members, 0 guests, 0 anonymous usersLoosey Goosey
Throw all the rules out the window and throw all your wildest fiber dreams into this Loosey Goosey sweater. Grab your US 15 / 10mm needles and feed the fabric with your scrap yarns of different weights and fibers. The sweater is meant to fit with loads of positive ease and there are three sizing options. The body and sleeve lengths are customizable so you can make it cropped or turn it into a floor length Loosey Goosey gown. At 2.5 sts/inch this sweater will fly off the needles. Mix your lace weight weight mohair with worsted weight silk, stripe those fingering weight wool blends with drapey linen, and throw in some cashmere, alpaca, and possum while you’re at it! Be bold with vibrant contrasting colors or shop your stash for a version with different shades of one color. Color block it, stripe it, solidify it with colorful accents. This sweater is your fiber and color playground!
Sizes: Small Medium, Large
Finished Measurements: 48 54, 60” / 122 137, 152cm chest circumference. 20” / 51cm fitted neckline circumference (gray/cream version) or 31” / 79cm loose neckline circumference (pink neckline version). Measurements taken after blocking. This garment is designed to fit with lots of positive ease for a loosey goosey fit. Medium size samples are modeled on a 41” / 104cm chest circumference. Body and sleeve lengths are customizable.
Yarn: Lace to Worsted weight
I recommend playing with a variety of stash yarns and accompanying them with special fibers from your local yarn store. The thickest yarn weight I used was worsted weight. I also used fine lace weight yarns to achieve a delicate see-through effect. Try striping the thicker worsted weight yarns next to a fine and fuzzy mohair or alpaca yarn. For the smaller gauge hems and neckline, I used sturdier, crisper yarns like fingering weight wools. I combined all sorts of fibers like silk, wool, alpaca, mohair, linen, cashmere, and possum. Unusual fancy yarns from Habu would be ideal to mix with your other yarns. There are no rules for what yarn you can use. Unleash your imagination and have fun!
Yardage: Yardage will vary depending on the size and length you knit your Loosey Goosey sweater. Gather a wide variety of scrap yarns of different weights and fibers and enjoy the improvisational process of color play!
Needles: 40” US 15 / 10mm circular
40” US 4 / 3.5mm circular
Magic loop method is used for working sleeves and neckline in the rnd.
Notions: 1 stitch marker, 1 split ring marker, tapestry needleReady? OK! Parents, your child can be an Islanders cheerleader for the day!.
Participants will be given one free child and one free adult game ticket and will be invited to perform that evening at the game.
Parents and family are encouraged to arrive early before the game to see the cheer students perform.
The clinic is $35 a child for ages 4 years old to 14 years old.
Parents can register their children the day of the event. Previous cheer or dance experience is not required, cheerleaders and cheer squads are invited to attend.
Please email all forms to the email provided or register the day of the event at 2 p.m.
For more information contact cheer coach Melanie Lowry at 825-3417 or email melanie.lowry@tamucc.edu.
Or go to the Islanders cheer website.Download Here (Zip file)
The smash hit winter compilaton,"Moombahton Forever" waved the T&A Records flag at the pinnacle of moombahton; "The Grind" compilation hints at the next chapter in the label's dancefloor eclecticism, combining uptempo club with dancehall reggae, techno with deep latin vibes, and trap with good taste.
Label owners Tittsworth and Ayres lead off the compilation with collaborations: Titts grabs Willy Joy for an insane uptempo tropical banger, while DJ Ayres and DJ Eleven (The Rub) bring in dancehall vocalist Natalie Storm for an electro bass romp. Of course it wouldn't be a T&A release without some moombahton, so Smalltown DJs slow things down on their "Dutty Gyal" remix. Moombahton stars Bigg Makk & Kid Cedek keep the dancehall vibes, with an oddball halftime 110 bpm trappy-moombahton-reggae hybrid track. ChooKy is a new producer hand picked by Dave Nada, and he smashes it with a peak-hour moombahton jam. Hawaii's Sandwich Island Bass brings the zouk bass on LazyB (for the uninitiated, zouk bass is a 90 BPM tropical sub-genre of moombahton). Sabo (Moombahton Massive, Sol Selectas) combines percolating moombahton with 80s electro hip-hop vibes on Strong Bass, building up a real groover. Disgraceland (UK) takes it even deeper into moombahton-tech-house territory, with the epic 9 minute "My Mind Eye." And Bro Safari & UFO! round things out with "Zombies," which goes from lush electronic lullaby to 55 bpm IDM then jumps up to 110 bpm dance.
Schizophrenic on paper, "The Grind" is a surprisingly cohesive journey through electronic music as re-imagined by a roster of brilliant producers.I assume your on sprint . Your actually doing more stuff than is required or needed . Instead of loading Jellybean I'd one click ICS FL24 Rooted NoData from Rwilco
Then mobile odin and load El29 DirectBoot kernal also at rwilco . Its the only one I've ever used and worked flawlessly always . Its imperative that while your booted into FL24 you need to go ahead and update your profile and prl and make sure your telephony and data us all working and ready to go before you flash EL29 or anything else . Mobile odin and flash EL29 . Once you load el29 cwm flash HoodPope Nov 22 build and you don't have to boot into the rom , just hold your keys and go right back into recovery . You don't have to do that x2 stuff and by flashing FL24 you already have the modem you need if your on sprint . Then just flash Villumnati and pa gapps mini modular . Before you flash Villmanti do factory data reset , wipe cache and wipe Dalvik , flash Vil and Gapps and there ain't a reason in the world you shouldn't be up and running fine with data . There is no trick with this rom and its not that finicky about gapps . It runs great .
As Kthomson said in the next post you could forego loading Hoodpope and just load the Blasphemy kernal he recommended instead .
"PA GApps Mini modular 4.4.2 - 20140307 mounting system.... andriod 4.4.x. rom detected insufficient sotrage space available in system partition. you may want to use a small gapps (micro gapps)
We're 9,193 Data Enthusiasts
We're 13,344 Entrepreneurs & Investors
We're 13,395 HV Hikers
We're 7,144 People with SA
We're 43,980 NYC Technologists
We're 13,061 NYers
We're 7,565 Swabbies
We're 7,606,383 CoInventors
We're 5,299 SOCCER PLAYERS25 576 Dashing Whippets
We're 3,054 2,133 Moms
We're 3,076 Castaways
We're 1,860 data astronauts
We're 2,101 TechBreakfasters
We're 2,559 Soccer Friends
We're 599 Jersey City Moms
We're 4,038 Rubyists
We're 6,553 Members
We're 1,464 Dockers
We're 5,641 Creative Networkers
We're 6,554 #1 NYC Singles
We're 749 Members
We're 2,298 Data Skeptics
We're 10,542 Friends
We're 8,985 Salsa New Yorker
We're 4,937 Entrepreneurs
We're 3,690,288 Java enthusiasts
We're 1,231 Avatars
We're 2,262 Scala Types
We're 3,819 HOAGies
We're 4,465 International Singles
We're 1,314 GUYS
We're 62511 Hackers
We're 1,994 Entrepreneurs
We're 1,297 Storm Chasers
We're 14,335 NYCBizNet Members
We're 4,850 Social Networkers
We're 1,198 MembersDescription:
Pewter 1776 Continental Dollar, CURENCY1776 $1 Continental Dollar VF 30 PCGS. CURENCY. Pewter. Breen-1089; Crosby Pl. VIII, 15; Newman 1-C. Olive-gray patina blankets minimally abraded surfaces. The denticles are only partially complete, a diagnostic feature of this variety. A meandering die break (as struck) is also noted over the left obverse, as well as a planchet flaw (also as produced) near the Y in CURENCY. Technically a pattern, the Continental dollar is an immensely popular coin due to its close association with the American Revolution. Strikings are known in pewter (or tin), brass, silver, and copper. There has been some debate (see Breen, 1988) about whether or not these coins actually circulated. We do not know the answer to this question, and the present example may have been used in commerce, or it may just be a pocket piece. Regardless of which theory, if either, better explains the friction over the raised features of this coin, there is no doubt that it is a desirable mid-grade representative of this classic American rarity. Listed on page 33 of the currentCommunity Action League/NAACP press conference in Antelope Valley
Frontlines to Headlines for June 2013
These news reports from the past month about the local and State court cases, actions, rallies, policy advocacy and other activities of Liberty Hill’s partners, remind us of incremental change won by grassroots organizing being done every day. Beginning with most recent news stories first:
July 3, 2013
In 2011 Liberty Hill made a Special Opportunities grant to the Community Action League in Antelope Valley in support of a series of communities forums organized in response to a aggressive series of surprise inspections of Section 8 housing by sheriff’s deputies, sometimes in SWAT gear. After a multi-year investigation, the US Dept. of Justice has ordered a $2.5 million payment to victims for violation of civil rights, finding “a systematic effort to discriminate against African Americans” and “widespread unlawful searches of homes, improper detentions and unreasonable force.” The L.A. Times has followed the story and reports on the Justice Dept. order.
June 29, 2013
In the Inland Empire, Redlands Patch reports that Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights Los Angeles (CHIRLA), Korean Resource Center (KRC) and other groups met with California Republican House members, urging support for immigration reform.
June 22, 2013
L.A. Times announces that Hollywood director and 2012 Liberty Hill Upton Sinclair Award honoree Paris Barclay was elected president of the Directors Guild of America
June 20, 2013
A Bay Area publication J Weekly covered the scene when one of Liberty Hill’s 2013 Leaders to Watch Rabbi Heather Miller was among the Jewish leaders rallying at the San Francisco office of Senator Dianne Feinstein in support of family unification in immigration reform.
June 18, 2013
CBS Local TV news reported on Liberty Hill partner groups Labor/Community Strategy Center, Youth Justice Coalition, IDEPSCA, and Union de Vecinos joining with Los Angeles Community Action Network (LA CAN) and other community-based groups in a call to the Police Commission to “investigate the case” and drop the charges against LA CAN member Deborah Burton, “charged with three counts of assault” during a legal protest.
June 15, 2013
The Los Angeles Sentinel did a feature on the one-year anniversary of the program Building a Lifetime of Options and Opportunities for Men (BLOOM), a California Community Foundation initiative that is being supported by Liberty Hill Foundation capacity-building services.
June 13, 2013
Eric Mann interviewed Pilipino Workers Center (PWC) Executive Director Aquiliana Soriano-Versoz about the proposed California Domestic Workers Bill of Rights on the radio show “Voices from the Frontlines.”
June 6, 2013
The L.A. Times reported that in the wake of news of an FBI raid on State Senator Ronald S. Calderon’s office, members of the Alliance of Californians for Community Empowerment (ACCE)including some from Los Angeles, rallied in Sacramento against politicians receiving gifts.
June 6, 2013
USC online student-created newspaper Neon Tommy reported on the LA City Council’s passage of a resolution supporting AB 60, which would allow undocumented immigrants to obtain driver’s license, describing Coalition for Human Immigrant Rights Los Angeles (CHIRLA)’s leading advocacy role.
June 5, 2013
The blog Politics 365 wrote about the testimony of a Korean Resource Center (KRC) youth leader at meeting opposing Governor Brown’s budget and proposed health care cuts.
June 4, 2013
A report based on data collected by Housing Long Beach was released in support of the priorities it is advocating for the city’s in-process general plan, reports Long Beach Business Journal.
June 3, 2013
In a major human-interest feature story, the L.A. Times profiled a group of senior citizen activists who’ve developed significant political clout as community organizers at Korean Resource Center (KRC).
June 2, 2013
In a coda to last month’s extensive coverage of Liberty Hill’s Brothers, Sons, Selves winning campaign that resulted in LAUSD banning inappropriate use of “willful defiance” suspensions, National Public Radio goes into the issue, quoting student leader Damien Valentine.
May 30, 2013
Los Angeles Sentinel talked to one of Youth Justice Coalition’s youth organizers, Tanisha Denard, who described her experience in solitary confinement after being incarcerated for fighting at school and truancy.Tanisha testified in support of SB61, a bill that would clearly define solitary confinement, limit its use, and require record-keeping. The bill was moving through the Committee on Appropriations as of June 25.
RETURN TO LIBERTY HILL’S HOME PAGEOn Wed, 2005-09-14 at 17:54 -0400, Lamar Owen wrote: > Any idea on timing of 4U2? > > Reason being is > and a pair of DPT SmartRAID V Milleniums. The end of the beta period for el4u2 is tomorrow. The upstream provider usually releases their official product 1-4 weeks after the end of that period. We usually release our first arch (i386) with a week of the upstream release and our other arches within a week after the first arch release. -------------- next part -------------- A non-text attachment was scrubbed... Name: not available Type: application/pgp-signature Size: 189 bytes Desc: This is a digitally signed message part Url :2535261 comment Comment: Re:Oh boy (Score 1) 284 by zwanglos on Tuesday December 23, 2003 @01:58PM (#7795838) Attached to: Fingers Crossed for Beagle Murphy's law was never meant to be negative. It actually began as "whatever can happen, will happen." Murphy always gets a bad wrap, I suggest you read the true history here. Work expands to meet the time and money that is available.Merchandise > USA > OK > Oklahoma City Area
Searches Related to
Merchandise for Sale in 73057 73057(1 - 15 of 2,591)
$1 GrowOKC Firewood for sale Oklahoma CityLawn, Garden & Patio · Oklahoma City, OK
$1 Smoking Wood - Mushrooms - GreenhousesFood & Produce · Oklahoma City, OK
$50 Antique moving DollyAntiques · Oklahoma City, OKBeautiful weathered wood moving dolly industrial with heavy duty metal supports and rubber tires. Still works well we are using it to mov...
$45 Hand carved wool rug 8 x 10'Home Decor · Newalla, OKThis is a lovely had carved wool rug from Macy's. Original price was over $800. I also have a smaller similar version for sale in another...
$95 Hand carved Wool rug like new 5 x 7Home Decor · Newalla, OKLook at this lovely hand carved wool rug from Macy's. It was in our last home when we staged it to sell, so rug is in nearly new conditio...
-
- Genuine Fur Coat, Raeffalo Size Small, never worn, in excellent condition.Kimberly V. · 1 day ago
Free Free HTC Smartphones 4 low income peopleHome and Office Phones · Norman, OK
$275 VOX Valvetronix ad100vt guitar ampGuitars · Edmond, OK
$20 Sports accesoriesArts & Crafts · Elgin, OK
$9.25 Ozarka Water Home/Office DeliveryOther Appliances · Oklahoma City, OKYou can get the freshest water in Oklahoma delivered right to your door for as low as $14.00 per month! We can customize a plan to suit y...Shanelle M. · 1 week ago
$50 Custom carved rustic "Established" wood signHome Decor · Yukon, OK
$1,000 Vintage boat for saleSports Memorabilia · Oklahoma City, OK
$40 Nikon Coolpix S6000 (Chandler, Cushing, Stroud, Prague, Bristow)Cameras · Oklahoma City, OKI have a Nikon Coolpix S6000 digital camera for sale. The camera is in fantastic condition due to little use of the device. The camera co...Marketplace User ·7 hours ago on SpreadMyAdTools
- XTools
- Nikon Coolpix S6000 (C... for $40
- Respond
- Stop Fraud
- Learn More
Multi Family Garage Sale (sw okc)Garage & Yard Sales · Oklahoma City, OKMulti family garage sale. Tools, rolling tool cabinet, air compressor, light covers from 1892 gas lights, porcelain wall mounted soap dis...Marketplace User ·7 hours ago on SpreadMyAdTools
- XTools
- Multi Family Garage
.Just to refresh your memory, former Secretary of Transportation James Burnley and I have (as they say) “history”. I feel certain that he doesn’t remember me. I was just one of the little people in the room. But I remember him and what a bully he was.
It doesn’t look like he’s changed much. The National Journal Group held a “policy breakfast” about transportation at which Mr. Burnley was one of the guest speakers. Towards the end of the conference -- during the question and answer portion -- Mr. Burnely decided he’d like to blame the National Air Traffic Controllers Association for the FAA’s funding problems.
”Burnley chimed in that one major reason why the FAA's reauthorization has been held up is union efforts on behalf of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association.“
Unfortunately for him, another one of “the little people” from NATCA was in the room. Well, maybe not so little. It was Doug Church, Director of Communications for NATCA. The audience had a good laugh at Mr. Burnley’s expense when Doug “clarified” the facts for him.
"The controllers union is not holding up the current reauthorization, which is held up in the Senate," Church said. "This is a battle on the user-fee issues alone, and that was what both parties have said. We are leading the push for reauthorization, as National Journal was a recipient of many of our ad dollars promoting that fact."
I would have paid good money to have seen that look on Burnley’s face -- again.
As much fun as this all is, the subject matter is deadly serious. You need to keep this in mind as you go to the polls to vote. As I was searching for today’s story, I ran across this story in Traffic World. And it couldn’t have made the situation any plainer.
”James Burnley, a former DOT secretary under two Republican presidents who also has advised the McCain campaign...“
I didn’t know Mr. Burnley was advising the McCain campaign. I’m not surprised. I just didn’t know it.
." “
Now it’s your turn to say, “I’m not surprised“.
If you’re in transportation and you like how things have gone the last eight years -- McCain might be your guy. I said “thanks but no thanks”. I voted yesterday. I voted for Obama.
Don Brown
October 25, 2008MOUNT VERNON — The Mount Vernon Yellow Jackets are slowly falling into a tailspin.
But on Wednesday, by sheer guts and determination, they nearly climbed out of it.
After holding the lead for much of the first half against Olentangy Orange in Wednesday’s Ohio Capital Conferene game, the Pioneers took it back with seconds to go before the break. They later held off a furious Yellow Jacket surge to claim a 53-50 victory at The Hive in a game postponed from Tuesday due to weather.
“I thought our kids had a great effort tonight,” said Mount Vernon head coach Kurt Kaufman. “We didn’t always execute perfectly. We didn’t make every shot. But our kids didn’t give up. Our kids supported each other, and our kids played hard.
The Jackets trailed, 49-37, with 2:56 left to play, and fans started heading for the exits. But a pair of buckets by Alex Arck, a steal and a score from Greg Dennis, and a pass from Alex Glibert to Chastin Peppers for another score brought it to 49-46 with 52 seconds left. The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.In typical exploratory fashion, the trio began the 75-minute set not with a familiar piece from their acclaimed debut Changing Places or something from the just released The Ground, but with a new piece entitled "At Home." Though the band’s
The South African pianist had already established himself as a musical innovator on his native continent and in Europe (he was living in Switzerland when Ellington came upon him). His 1959 group with Hugh Masekela, the Cape Tow
Could that be true of the former enfant terrible of the Seventies loft scene, co-founder one of jazz’s most universally acclaimed and innovative ensembles, the World Saxophone Quartet, and the man Gary Giddins and the Village Voice named "Jazz Man of the 80’s"? His first gig at the Blue Note - and as a sideman for one of his disciples?etour | My OHIO Portal
The candidates, links to their resumes in PDF format, and forum times and locations are:
During the forums, the candidates will briefly share their past experiences and qualifications before taking questions from the audience.
Director of Environmental Health and Safety Joe Adams is chairing the search committee. He said the university hopes to have the new chief in place by Jan. 1.
Former Chief Mike Martinsen announced his resignation in August, and Assistant Chief Mark Mathews is serving as the interim chief.
-- George Mauzy
This story was updated on Nov. 7, 2008.Website of the Home Office Retired and Reunited Staff Association (HORSA)
HORSA is the only organisation specifically representing all previous HO staff.
Membership is open to former members of the Home Office, HO agencies and its public bodies. Members may be retired or be working elsewhere, inside or outside central government.
The Home Office itself does not keep in contact with previous staff. Now that pension payments are outsourced, there is no direct link to Home Office’s personnel / human resources department. HORSA provides a link, having at least one meeting a year with the Department.
HORSA is financially independent of the Home Office and receives no funding from it. It is sustained by the proceeds of its own fund raising, particularly from the 500 Club lottery which holds a draw giving out prizes at the AGM and Autumn Gathering.Add California Democratic U.S. Senator Barbara Boxer to the list of party officials telling San Diego Mayor Bob Filner to take a hike — now.
With more than a dozen women now having come forward to detail sexual harassment allegations against Filner, the calls for his resignation have mounted up.
He’s in therapeutic “rehab,” and is so far resisting.
So now, looks like recall could be the only possibility to “Stay Classy, San Diego,” and end the political meltdown there.
Here’s Boxer’s letter to Filner:Starbucks Picks Novel to Start Its Book-Sale Program
By MOTOKO RICH
Published: August 8, 2006
With a new novel coming out in September, Mitch Albom, author of ''Tuesdays With Morrie'' and ''The Five People You Meet in Heaven,'' is getting a heavy push from Starbucks.
After announcing in April that it was seeking movies and books to promote along with the music it already sells in stores, Starbucks has selected ''For One More Day,'' Mr..
Starbucks will donate $1 per copy sold -- and a minimum of $50,000 -- to Jumpstart, a nonprofit education group that works with at-risk preschoolers on literacy matters.
In addition to a standard tour of bookstores, Mr. Albom will give readings at Starbucks in eight cities, including New York, Los Angeles, Dallas and Detroit. Starbucks will also feature ''For One More Day'' during a book discussion day to be held on Oct. 26 in designated stores in 25 cities across the country; customers will be able to gather at reserved tables to talk about the novel in a program being called Starbucks Book Break.
With slow growth prospects, publishers are constantly looking for new ways to sell books. Starbucks will be selling ''For One More Day'' in about 5,400 stores in the United States, giving the publisher a way to get the book in front of new eyeballs.
''It's so difficult to reach beyond the traditional audience for books,'' said Robert Miller, president of Hyperion. ''There are so many millions of people that go through a Starbucks every day, and if some of those people become aware of a new book because of this program then it's a good thing for all of us.''
In contrast to a bookstore, where it would compete with thousands of other titles, at Starbucks, the Albom novel, about a man who gets to spend one more day with his dead mother, will be the only book on sale, giving it a solo spotlight for a little more than a month.
Ken Lombard, president of Starbucks Entertainment, said the company had ''numerous'' discussions with publishers eager for their books to be selected for a marketing push at Starbucks. He said Mr. Albom shared the company's ''commitment to discussions about reading and literacy.''
Starbucks previously sold a selection of books in its stores, but stopped a few years ago. This year, the company promoted ''Akeelah and the Bee,'' a Lionsgate movie, advertising it on coffee cup sleeves and selling the soundtrack. Starbucks selected the William Morris Agency to help it find more movie and book projects to market in its stores.
That promotion did not lift the modest ''Akeelah'' to blockbuster status. It took in a total of $18.8 million, according to boxofficemojo.com, a Web site that tracks box-office sales.
But Starbucks has had a successful run promoting music, selling 3.5 million CD's in the 2005 fiscal year. It has championed artists ranging from Ray Charles and Bob Dylan to bands like Coldplay, and has helped introduce acts like Antigone Rising and the singer-songwriter Sonya Kitchell.
Starbucks will certainly not be introducing an unknown with Mr. Albom. His memoir ''Tuesdays With Morrie'' spent 206 weeks on the New York Times hardcover nonfiction best-seller list and an additional 157 weeks on the paperback list. This Sunday, it will be No. 9 on the paperback list. Mr. Albom's first novel, ''Five People You Meet in Heaven,'' sold six million copies in hardcover and spent 101 weeks on the New York Times hardcover fiction best-seller list.
Photos: Starbucks has chosen ''For One More Day,'' the second novel by Mitch Albom, left, to be the first title in its new book program. (Photo by Katy Winn/Corbis)scipy.special.ellipj¶
- scipy.special.ellipj(x1, x2[, out1, out2, out3, out4]) = <ufunc 'ellipj'>¶
(sn,cn,dn,ph)=ellipj(u,m) calculates the Jacobian elliptic functions of parameter m between 0 and 1, and real u. The returned functions are often written sn(u|m), cn(u|m), and dn(u|m). The value of ph is such that if u = ellik(ph,m), then sn(u|m) = sin(ph) and cn(u|m) = cos(ph).Main :: POD 2.0, PODxt Family, Pocket POD, FloorPODs
by ManelGris on 2012-11-11 08:16:17
Hi, I'll introduce myself before I ask you: I'm ManelGris, a Catalan guitarist/singer, using an old POD XT live. I invite you to hear some recordings made with it at.
I start this discussion because in one of my songs I use an octave preset like "octave bend" or "Whammy octave up". The fact is that I play half of the song without the bend stomp, and when it comes to use it, I get detuned half a tone, so I can't synchronize myself with the rest of the band (for instance, we play in D and I find myself sounding at D#).
Can anyone give me a tip (edition, maybe making a preset from zero or anything else) to avoid it?
Many thanks in advance!
by Mr_Arkadin on 2012-11-11 09:57:05
Sounds like you may need to calibrate your pedal.
Try this document:">">
by ManelGris on 2012-11-11 11:18:19
I'm gonna try, and I'll keep you informed. Many thanks, sir!
by ManelGris on 2012-11-13 05:29:07
Hi, Mr_Arkadin, I've tried to calibrate my pedal, but when iI got to the step 4 it didn't happen what i't was supposed to. No switch clicked, and no light turned on.
However, I finished the process to see if really happened something, but when I powered my POD everything was even worst than before with those presets: when pressing the Stomp pedal
seems that my guitar fell from the attic or I played within an owen: it sounds completely detuned, string by string.
Hummm... What to do?
by Mr_Arkadin on 2012-11-13 06:18:32
Sounds like the pedal part may be faulty.
Make sure you really put your weight into the pedal to make it click when calibrating.
If you still have no joy the two options are to try and fix it yourself (the pedal may just need cleaning - but I do not know how the Live works internally so do not know how easy of difficult this is), or to send it to your local Line 6 service centre:">">
Before going down either of those routes you may wish to contact Line 6 Tech Support directly and get a 'ticket' for support:">">
The information above may not be current, and you should direct questions to the current forum or review the manual.Since the American Studies Association voted to boycott Israeli academic institutions, I have listened to arguments by ASA members who also opposed the boycott that we should not leave the association but should try to overturn the boycott from within to salvage the integrity of the association, safeguard our students, and maintain our own opportunities for professional exchange. But I’ve become convinced that few will actually challenge the resolution and current leadership and, if they do, they will face well-organized dissent. Although I will continue to work to overturn this divisive and discriminatory resolution, I see no serious choice but not to renew my membership until the boycott is rescinded – or there is enough anti-boycott activity within the ASA that rejoining would help to overturn it. The following is my letter to the current ASA’s leadership:
1/16/2014
Dear Professors Marez and Duggan,
I write to you, the outgoing and incoming presidents of the ASA, to let you know that I will not renew my membership in the ASA until it rescinds its boycott of Israeli academic institutions. In taking this position, I join a growing list of institutions, including the American Council on Education, the Association of Public and Land-Grant Universities, the Association of American Universities, the American Association of University Professors, and (at current count) 208 universities and colleges, whose leadership has rejected the ASA’s boycott. Although the problems with this boycott have been stated and restated by many more eloquent than I, I want to reiterate why I consider it to be worth leaving the organization over.
First, the boycott violates academic freedom. To the extent that restrictions in speech exist in Israel, the West Bank, or elsewhere, they should be met with more speech, not efforts to shut it down further. By squelching debate on complex issues, academic boycotts only move us farther away from peace. As importantly, they violate one of our core principles as an academic professional association, defending open discourse across geographic boundaries and diverse perspectives.
Second, I don’t accept the National Council’s distinction between a boycott of institutions and individuals. It is only those academics with personal means who can afford to operate independent of the institutions that support them.
Third, the boycott represents a distortion of the demands of Palestinian civil society. It apparently does not include President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian National Authority, Al Quds President Sari Nusseibeh, or various Palestinians and Arab Israelis who study in Israeli institutions and oppose the boycott.
Fourth, this boycott is part of a broader movement to delegitimize the State of Israel. According to the “Council Statement on the Academic Boycott of Israel” posted on the ASA’s website after the membership vote, the association will engage in a boycott “until Israel ceases to violate human rights and international law.” Other renditions of this statement are more explicit about the resolutions’ anti-Israel character. “What Does the Academic Boycott Mean for the ASA?” also posted on the organization’s website explains that it is “difficult” to determine when the boycott should end but then refers to the US Campaign for the Academic & Cultural Boycott of Israel (USACBI’s) website for elaboration. The USACBI’s website includes the following three specifications, which were repeatedly emphasized at the ASA’s featured “Town Hall” meeting in November: 1) end the occupation, 2) recognize the rights of Arab-Palestinian-Israelis to full equality, and 3) honor the Palestinian’s “right of return.” Even Noam Chomsky and Norman Finkelstein, sharp critics of Israel themselves, agree that the BDS movement’s support for a right of return implicitly calls for the destruction of the State of Israel. There are many ways the ASA could have protested Israeli policies toward the Palestinians; it has chosen an extreme strategy that nowhere affirms the legitimacy of the Jewish state, as recognized by the world in 1948.
Finally, I am disconcerted by the ASA’s process. Despite the National Council’s claims that it followed the association’s deliberative procedures, anyone present could see that the conversation was organized well ahead of time to be one-sided. The association refused to share with its members information that might raise questions about the boycott. The National Council declined requests to circulate or post to the ASA’s website the letters of opposition to the resolution signed by roughly seventy ASA members and an additional seventy Americanists who are not currently ASA members. It refused to circulate a letter against the resolution composed by eight former ASA presidents. Principled opponents of the boycott resolution could not post information on the ASA’s website without joining the Academic and Community Activism Caucus, the very group that proposed the odious boycott resolution.
Professional associations should represent the ideas of their constituents. It is Orwellian for ASA leaders, after railroading through their resolution, to cry that they have been intimidated by the university presidents and other voices in our own civil society who have assailed this resolution as discriminatory and antithetical to academic freedom.
As the spring semester begins at Stockton, I turn my attention to salvaging the damage that you and the ASA have done to a young program – an M.A. in American Studies – that I, as the founding director, have worked hard to build over the last year and a half. In that time, my faculty and I have created a multi-disciplinary program that studies American culture and society both within a local and global context. Our program seeks to nurture its students’ interests even as it pushes them to investigate “America” as a contested category whose meaning has changed over time. Despite our efforts, I fear for my students’ future, the outlook for Stockton’s American Studies program, and the prospects for the field in the aftermath of the dangerous institutional decision you have made.. Rather than looking to build the reputation of the field and to prove that our students graduate with the skills that will help them to think creatively and boldly in the academic, not for profit, and other worlds, instead of proving that American Studies matters both for our students and for a broader audience, your myopic and wrongheaded political agenda has led you to close off conversation – not only with Israeli academics, but also with a broader audience that desperately needs to engage in complex and multi-sided conversations about, among many things, changing national identity and self- perceptions within a post-9/11, global world.
I hope to see the association restored at some point soon to its founding objective: “the study of American culture through the encouragement of research, teaching, publication, the strengthening of relations among persons and institutions in this country and abroad devoted to such studies.” In the meantime, please rest assured that although I am leaving the association, I will continue to work both with those who remain members and those outside the association to overturn this discriminatory and divisive boycott.
Sincerely,
Sharon Ann Musher
Associate Professor of History and Director of American Studies
Richard Stockton College of New JerseyBy Caitlin Kelly
I’ve been spoiled here at Broadside by readers who are — thank you! — a lively, funny, smart group, from Danielle and Matthew and Cecile in New Zealand to Leah in Iowa to Rami in Ohio to Maddy in Lusaka to David and Elizabeth in England.
I’d name more, but there are (!) so many of you, which is unlikely but also lovely.
I want to pause our regularly scheduled programming to go a little meta for a moment.
The whole point of blogging, which I do in addition to writing for a living full-time, is to create a community where we can talk to one another frankly about the stuff that matters to us: work, love, the challenge of making a decent living while living our values, friends, family, heath, feminism, public policy, art, creativity, beauty, travel, home, design, ethics, writing, journalism — frankly, whatever seems interesting.
If it’s not fun, why bother?
Every day, five to 10 new people sign up to follow Broadside, which is crazy but flattering; we’re now at 4,600+ readers worldwide, of all ages and nationalities, from Haiti to Ghana to Malaysia to India to rural Australia.
An example of travelling the world using a RTW ticket. Start in London, travel eastwards through India, Indonesia, Australia, New Zealand, Brazil and Ghana back to home, all using the same ticket with the same airline alliance. (Photo credit: Wikipedia)
So I was a little shaken recently to get a comment, which I trashed, (which I’ve done maybe twice in almost four years of blogging three times a week.)
I debated whether or not to trash it, or reply publicly or reply to them privately.
But I did trash it. Life is too short to argue with or absorb toxicity from people I don’t know, and for whom I work without a paycheck.
The commenter called me “weak” and a “fucking hypocrite.”
Everyone is entitled an opinion and I want to hear yours.
I’ve been called on the carpet a few times here by readers, for my short-sighted or stupid or unkind thinking. It’s useful and interesting, as long as everyone remains civil and respectful, even in the middle of a hotly contested argument.
But no one is entitled to ad hominem attacks here, on me or on anyone else who makes the time to come here, read and comment.
So I welcome your ideas and insights, your advice and stories. I am very eager to hear comments, especially from more of you.
But nasty behavior not only scares and annoys me, it creates a tone I don’t want here and inhibits others from speaking out.
This whole talking-to-total-strangers thing requires a level of trust and candor that is highly counter-intuitive, to me anyway.
When I write journalism, the comments flooding in to The New York Times in reply to my stories there, (258 came in worldwide on one recent story about workers over 50), are very rarely directed at me personally. I’m shielded both by the nature of those stories — far less personal than these posts — and by the institution that chooses to publish my work. Nor am I required, (as a freelancer), to reply to anyone.
I did read every single of those 258 NYT comments, in full. But the rules of engagement here are very different. I do answer almost every comment here.
So let’s stay cool, OK?
Thanks for listening.
Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for being here.So, it's been a while since my last post. It was a tough decision but I felt like it was time to move onto the next chapter with my photography. I've toyed with a rebrand for a while, and have finally taken the leap.
So, this is the last post here. Click the image above to go to my new website, blog and to explore the new images and keep up with the latest from my wedding photography.Cowboys Win Regional, Advance To Supers
Oklahoma State’s baseball team rallied to beat Cal State Fullerton 6-4 on Sunday night to win the NCAA regional at Reynolds Stadium in Stillwater.
The Cowboys advance to the super regional round and will play either Oregon State or Cal-Irvine in the best of three series.
OSU fell behind 3-0 in the first inning, then slowly saw their offense come to life.
In the bottom of the fourth inning, Conor Costello singled to left field to score Tanner Krietemeier to cut the Titans’ lead to 3-1.
Fullerton answered with an RBI single in the top of the fifth to make it 4-1, then the rest of the scoring came from the Cowboys.
Costello struck again in the sixth inning with a 2-run home run to cut the Titans’ lead to 4-3.
Then in the bottom of the 7th, Tim Arakawa gave the Cowboys the lead, with a single to score Donnie Walton and Gage Green, giving OSU a 5-4 lead.
The Cowboys tacked on another run in the 7th on a single by Bryan Case to score Zach Fish to make it 6-4.
OSU closer Brendan McCurry pitched the final two innings to finish it off and move the Cowboys on to their first super regional since 2007.
If Cal-Irvine beats Oregon State Sunday night, OSU will host the Anteaters in the super regional next weekend.
If Oregon State beats Cal-Irvine, it forces a decisive game on Monday night in Corvallis to determine the winner of that regional.
If Oregon State wins their regional, they will host the Cowboys in the super regional in Corvallis.Object Types Reference > Siebel Object Types >
Server Component Type
Siebel Object Types > Server Component Type
Siebel Server supports multiple component types; each type performs a specific function or job. A component type is configured with a set of parameters that determine its behavior to create a defined component (or simply component).
CAUTION: Do not modify this object type. Any modifications can adversely affect the performance of your system.
PropertiesMarch 2007
Guess Who's in Town
Arbors Records
It’s easy to forgive Daryl Sherman’s consistently dreadful taste in cover art (demonstrated here with a cheesy bicycle-cum-rickshaw motif) because the former big-band canary has such exceptionally good taste in songs. Album after album, you can count on Sherman to augment well-chosen standards (here represented by the likes of a flawlessly tender “Then I’ll Be Tired of You,” a superbly haunted “Angel Eyes” and a gently roiling, non-vocal treatment of “Lullaby of Birdland” in which Sherman the pianist proves herself worthy of Marian McPartland) with a handful of unexpected but always interesting surprises. This time around, such treats include the age-old British music hall anthem “Underneath the Arches,” the lovely Mercer rarity “Dream Awhile,” and the eminently clever “Like a Puzzle” from the team of Nancy Winston and Roger Schore. Rounding out the generous 15-track set is Sherman’s self-penned addition to the New York songbook, “Welcome to Manhattan,” a laudable nod to the great city that can hold its own against Frank Loesser’s “My Time of Day” and Cole Porter’s “I Happen to Like New York.” Through it all, the former Rhode Islander, with her old-school Blossom Dearie-meets-Teddi King warmth and crisp, Jo Stafford-esque enunciation, remains as estimably listenable as ever.
Add a Comment
You need to log in to comment on this article. No account? No problem!Needs, he said, were what we couldn't live without.
Wants, he said, were what we could live without but would like to have.
In life, he said, needs come before wants.
He defined needs as food, clothing, and shelter. These are things without which we cannot get along. I would argue today that food and water are necessary to life. Shelter, while mighty fine, can be got along without in many places if needs must. Even clothing is extraneous - just ask a nudist!
I often think the human world could use learning the difference between what it wants and what it needs.
The denizens of Casa de Crazy have been watching documentaries on Netflix, of late. With satellite gone and the DVD player on permanent fritz, Netflix is our entertainment buddy. Thanks to T, who lets us use his account!
We seem to have a few basic topics that interest us right now: food (growing, harvesting, processing, nutrition), water (bottling, cleanliness, scarcity), marijuana (the disparity between public will, state law, and federal law, growing, medicinal uses, prohibition in general), and corporate culture (companies that are aware of and work to minimize their social and environmental impact, companies that seek to show a clean, compassionate public face while in truth they have little concern for anything but the lining of their pockets, and companies that don't even try to hide their ugliness).
Oddly, many of the subjects overlap.
Common to many of the shows we've seen is privation. If you live in North America, chances are you have, or can fairly easily find, food and potable water. Chances are also good that you have or can find shelter and clothing. In the US, a couple of dumpster dives can garner perfectly good food for a month. A few more in the right place can garner meat for a year. I am seriously considering my local markets and their dumpsters. In the US we throw away 3,000 pounds of food a second. Throw away. We don't even compost it or feed it to pigs; it all goes into landfills.
In other places, though, people feel lucky to eat a few times a week. Potable water is a pipe dream, let alone clean, clear, easily accessible water from a convenient tap. Often, governments and corporations make it difficult or impossible for the poorest, most desperate of people to meet their own needs, instead fostering dependence on aid from others; usually the very governments and corporations that seek to (and often do) control natural resources and the generation of wealth.
Now don't get me wrong, I actually aspire to wealth...but not at the expense of others or the environment.
So many people in this world can't even meet their own needs. We do without a lot of wants (while I may joke that I need the Internet to live, life goes on without it) but we have plenty of clean, fresh water on demand, and while we may get tired of leftovers and cheap foods, we don't go hungry at Casa de Crazy. No one has yet mandated that we choose between drinking toxic ground water or paying with our lives for dubious tap water, or decreed that we can't grow our own food, or passed laws that said we cannot collect rain water for our gardens (sorry Arizona, Oregon, and...umm...I can't recall who else had rainwater collection bans).
I want many things - to be able to buy nappies for Sprout, to go to a movie sometimes, to pay the phone bill, to be free (if only for a little while) of my first-world worries about paying car insurance or the Internet bill without having to borrow (borrow, borrow, borrow, but never able to pay back) from Mum to do it. Folks, I pure loathe being an Albatross.
Need though? I think we've got that covered in spades.
How about you?
2 comments:
I think that if I can impart little else to Noodle and Mouse about how to live in the world besides discernment between "wants" and "needs", I will count myself successful!
Thanks for the reminder to separate needs from wants. I have been worrying a great deal over the wants meanwhile forgetting the needs are met.05 September 2013|
Corona, Calif. – Takeda USA announces the release of a Dual Cat-Back Exhaust System for the 2008- 13 Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution X, L4-2.0 (t), P/N 49-36701.
In recent testing this system produced 17 horsepower and 20 lbs. x ft. of torque. This exhaust starts out with an OE style flange and uses three inch mandrel bent, 304 stainless steel tubing and merges into dual 2.5" tubing which improves performance across the power band. The dual, high flow, polished 304 stainless steel mufflers give an aggressive sound at high RPM's, yet maintaining a subtle tone at cruising speeds. To finish off this 100% TIG-welded exhaust are dual, four inch Takeda laser etched, double wall 304 stainless steel tips. This exhaust is a direct bolt on system which requires no cutting or drilling and includes all necessary hardware for a hassle free installation. Mitered collectors decrease turbulence and increase exhaust velocity resulting in increased horsepower, torque and improved throttle response. High quality OE style flange and band clamps are used for a complete 360 degree sealing surface. Dual free- flowing mufflers are used to absorb high pitch tones producing a powerful sound and accessing all available horsepower and torque.
P/N 49-36701 retails for around $1254.75 and is available in stores now.
For more information on this or any other aFe product, please visit our website at or contact our Power Professionals at (888) 901-7693.or Join Now!
2 reviews total sure about he asked if a sales rep could call me to help me. I agreed and had not even finished logging out of the chat before the phone rang. The salesmen was very pleasant and overly helpful(of coarse he was trying to make the sale). He answered every question I could throw at him (sometimes needing to go look at the saw itself).. I was a little bummed about the time it took to get to my house. Due to the fact that the salesmen said it should get to my house by the next Friday and it didn’t make it till the Monday. While not a real big deal I would have loved to have the weekend to play on it. But when the truck got to my house I was so happy that the driver took the saw right into the garage/shop for me. He was very friendly and helpful. I would have to give delivery 4 overall due to the small delay.
Third we get to the setup. The manual was very clear and straight forward with many pics. I had asked the sales rep about this as I had seen an older review saying otherwise and he told me how they had updated it. I will say as many others have that a second person is best for the setup. However I was worried about that as my friends would be at work that morning. But my wife was able to help me as I held the wings and she put in the bolts. The saw right out of the box was set pretty close. Better than my old saw could have gotten. But after zeroing in on a few adjustments I was very satisfied. So set up gets 5 as well.
Forth I will speak of performance. I loved the ease with which everything moved. There is a type of Polyethylene on the sliding parts of the fence, so it moves with little effort. The wheels to rise and tilt the blade are smoother than any saw I ever touched, even in the stores. The insert that came with the saw was a zero clearance and was really nice however they cut through it to test the saw before shipping and there saw blade was not the greatest, as are most that come with the saw as it would seem. The dust port being 4” was a little hard for me as I use a 2” on a shop vac, but that is nothing to do with the saw. It does have a catch under the saw to keep dust to a minimum underneath. Being a larger saw I was not sure about the noise level, but it was much more quite than my old saw. Being heavy also cut down the vibration and yes it past the nickle test. I am sure things may change over time but as for now I will give performance 5.
Lastly let me speak of value. I was looking at getting a Saw Stop, But the time I would have to wait to save that much more money would be probably be another year for me. And with this one coming in under half of a Saw Stop helped change my mind. I needed a saw with 110v so it was sure to be around 1.75HP and while I did look at Grizzly and a few others I didn’t like the fact that they come prewired 220v and needed to get an electrician to rewire it or void warranty by doing it myself. I would have to say this saw is either the top of the hybrid saws or the lower end of a true cabinet saws. But I am very happy to say I feel I got my moneys worth.
canoe911
home | projects | blog
55 posts in 1117 days
PurpLev
8476 posts in 2547 days
#1 posted 02-14-2013 01:58 PM
looks like a nice setup. congratulations.
looks like it’s cabinet mounted trunnion (good thing). how is the blade to miter-slow and fence to miter slot alignment? any blade runout?
-- ㊍ When in doubt - There is no doubt - Go the safer route.
#2 posted 02-14-2013 02:57 PM
No runout and the alingment was very close right out the box, but I did micro adjust it for myself before I started using it. The trunnions are mounted to the cabinet and not the table (great selling point for me) so that made adjusting it even easier overall.
Kaleb the Swede
1448 posts in 868 days
#3 posted 02-14-2013 03:13 PM
Looks like a winner. I have the skil right now. When I upgrade in a few months (hopefully) it will be to this nice of a saw. I have looked at the laguna and was wondering what people have thought of them. Thanks for the review
-- Just trying to build something beautiful
Béla
24 posts in 828 days
#4 posted 02-14-2013 04:16 PM
Congratulations! Most of us here would agree the tablesaw is a core tool should be the best one can afford. But as you said, the calculus isn’t that easy – there is a lot of soul searching and (often) spouse cajoling involved. It looks like you nailed it though. There is no better feeling that having a major tool delivered that exceeds your expectations!
-- Béla, Memphis TN
Howie
2656 posts in 1822 days
#5 posted 02-14-2013 08:52 PM
Looks good. Enjoy it.
-- Life is good.
schuft
123 posts in 1506 days
#6 posted 02-14-2013 11:03 PM
Congrats! How do you like the fence-mounted push-stick?
#7 posted 02-15-2013 02:05 AM
Thanks guys. As for the fence-mounted push stick, we will just say that it looks good in the showroom. But as for realworld use it was the first thing I took off. It gets in the way of clamping parts over the fence and such.
runswithscissors
1472 posts in 924 days
#8 posted 02-15-2013 03:11 AM
I’m assuming your Skil TS had a universal motor. It’s interesting to realize how much quieter an induction motor in a saw with good bearings can be. I think most of the bench-top saws reduce blade speed with gearing, which also contributes to the noise. Apparently they do this because universal motors, to generate maximum horsepower, have to really crank up the rpms. Another good reason to upgrade a saw.
-- I admit to being an adrenaline junky; fortunately, I'm very easily frightened
Ken90712
15559 posts in 2088 days
#9 posted 02-15-2013 04:40 PM
Congrats and enjoy….
-- Ken, "Everyday above ground is a good day!"
michaelsgarage
71 posts in 825 days
#10 posted 02-15-2013 08:07 PM
i looking at getting my first table saw, would this be a good saw for a first saw? and would i be able to justify it? i am a first year apprentice in carpentry, this would be a purchase for my home/hobbie garage/shop.
Lawseeker
8 posts in 826 days
#11 posted 02-15-2013 08:29 PM
Congratulation on your new saw. Hope to hear how it performs, once you have completed a couple of projects.
-- Marvin, Bakersfield CA -- stay alert, be courageous--
#12 posted 02-15-2013 11:00 PM
Michael while I would say yes this would be a great saw for you to start on. The better thing to say is for you to get the best you can afford. I got this one with the plan that it will last me many years. Whatever you do don’t “settle” for a TS if you are looking with hopes to get another. This is my hobby and among other reasons I could not justify a more costly saw (3-5HP, 220vn, etc.). But I do believe that this is a good investment as I think it is a top of the line hybrid saw.
Thanks everyone for the comments. I will surely update in a few months how it is still working.
a1Jim
113238 posts in 2476 days
#13 posted 02-16-2013 04:00 AM
Good luck on your new saw
-- Custom furniture
RibsBrisket4me
1421 posts in 1404 days
#14 posted 02-17-2013 03:45 PM
That is a HUGE upgrade from the Skil. I’m sure you will enjoy this saw for years.
Funny thing…the push stick on the top of the fence…I bought the exact push stick in the San Antonio Woodcraft years ago and still use it every time I’m in the shop. It’s black, and it has the words “Moby-Stick” stamped on it.
dnick
967 posts in 1281 days
#15 posted 02-18-2013 04:45 AM
Nice review. Looks like this saw will do everything you ask of it.
--Your message dated Fri, 16 Nov 2007 19:47:11 +0000 with message-id <E1It79j-0004mT-Qa@ries.debian.org> and subject line Bug#447645: fixed in gcc-snapshot 200711: ICE: canonical types differ for identical types
- From: Martin Michlmayr <tbm@cyrius.com>
- Date: Mon, 22 Oct 2007 21:59:52 +0200
- Message-id: <20071022195952.GA24432@deprecation.cyrius.com>
- In-reply-to: <20071022153329.1B036460D5@em64t.snowman.net>
- References: <20071022153329.1B036460D5@em64t.snowman.net>Package: gcc-snapshot Version: 20071020-1 > Automatic build of upx-ucl_3.01-1 on em64t by sbuild/amd64 0.53 ... > g++ -DWITH_UCL -g -O2 -Wall -W -Wcast-align -Wcast-qual -Wpointer-arith -Wwrite-strings -Werror -o p_vmlinx.o -c p_vmlinx.cpp > p_vmlinx.cpp: In member function 'const typename T::Shdr* PackVmlinuxBase<TElfClass>::getElfSections() [with TElfClass = N_Elf::ElfClass_32<N_BELE_CTP::LEPolicy>]': > p_vmlinx.cpp:1456: instantiated from here > p_vmlinx.cpp:128: internal compiler error: canonical types differ for identical types const N_Elf32::Shdr<N_Elf::ElfITypes<LE16, LE32, LE32, LE32, LE32> > and const N_Elf32::Shdr<N_Elf::ElfITypes<LE16, LE32, LE32, LE32, LE32> > > Please submit a full bug report, > with preprocessed source if appropriate. > See <> for instructions. > make[2]: *** [p_vmlinx.o] Error 1 > make[2]: Leaving directory `/build/tbm/upx-ucl-3.01/src' -- Martin Michlmayr
--- End Message ---
--- Begin Message ---
- To: 447645-close@bugs.debian.org
- Subject: Bug#447645: fixed in gcc-snapshot 20071116-1
- From: Martin Michlmayr <tbm@cyrius.com>
- Date: Fri, 16 Nov 2007 19:47:11 +0000
- Message-id: <E1It79j-0004mT-Qa@ries.debian.org>Source: gcc-snapshot Source-Version: 20071116-1 We believe that the bug you reported is fixed in the latest version of gcc-snapshot, which is due to be installed in the Debian FTP archive: gcc-snapshot_20071116-1.diff.gz to pool/main/g/gcc-snapshot/gcc-snapshot_20071116-1.diff.gz gcc-snapshot_20071116-1.dsc to pool/main/g/gcc-snapshot/gcc-snapshot_20071116-1.dsc gcc-snapshot_20071116-1_amd64.deb to pool/main/g/gcc-snapshot/gcc-snapshot_20071116-1_amd64.deb gcc-snapshot_20071116.orig.tar.gz to pool/main/g/gcc-snapshot/gcc-snapshot_20071116.orig.tar.gz A summary of the changes between this version and the previous one is attached. Thank you for reporting the bug, which will now be closed. If you have further comments please address them to 447645@bugs.debian.org, and the maintainer will reopen the bug report if appropriate. Debian distribution maintenance software pp. Martin Michlmayr <tbm@cyrius.com> (supplier of updated gcc-snapshot package) (This message was generated automatically at their request; if you believe that there is a problem with it please contact the archive administrators by mailing ftpmaster@debian.org) -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA1 Format: 1.7 Date: Fri, 16 Nov 2007 14:51:02 +0100 Source: gcc-snapshot Binary: gcc-snapshot Architecture: source amd64 Version: 20071116-1 Distribution: unstable Urgency: low Maintainer: Debian GCC Maintainers <debian-gcc@lists.debian.org> Changed-By: Martin Michlmayr <tbm@cyrius.com> Description: gcc-snapshot - A SNAPSHOT of the GNU Compiler Collection Closes: 430957 447398 447399 447426 447554 447558 447560 447599 447645 447693 447695 447696 448217 448218 448293 449303 450122 Changes: gcc-snapshot (20071116-1) unstable; urgency=low . * SVN 20071116, taken from the trunk, revision 130229. - Should fix ARM build failure (closes: #448293). - PR tree-optimization/32540: exponential time usage in PRE at -O3 (closes: #430957). - PR tree-optimization/33833: ICE in build2_stat, at tree.c:3110 with -O3 (closes: #447398) - PR tree-optimization/33834: ICE in vect_get_vec_def_for_operand, at tree-vect-transform.c:1829 (closes: #447399). - PR rtl-optimization/33846: ICE in trunc_int_for_mode, at explow.c:55 (closes: #447426). - PR tree-optimization/33854: ICE in vectorizable_conversion, at tree-vect-transform.c:3374 (closes: #447554). - PR tree-optimization/33855: Segfault in verify_ssa/ execute_function_todo with -O (closes: #447558). - PR tree-optimization/33856: Segfault in create_data_ref/ compute_data_dependences_for_loop (closes: #447560). - PR tree-optimization/33860: ICE in vectorizable_load, at tree-vect-transform.c:5503 (closes: #447599). - PR c++/33620: ICE: canonical types differ for identical types (closes: #447645). - PR tree-optimization/33680: ICE verify_ssa failed (expected an SSA_NAME object) (closes: #447693). - PR tree-optimization/33866: ICE in vect_get_vec_def_for_stmt_copy, at tree-vect-transform.c:1937 (closes: #447695). - PR rtl-optimization/33737: ICE verify_flow_info failed (Wrong frequency of block) (closes: #447696). - PR tree-optimization/33920: Segfault in combine_blocks/ tree-if-conv.c (closes: #448218). - PR tree-optimization/33993: ICE: verify_stmts failed (invalid reference prefix) (closes: #449303). - PR target/33923 (ia64): ICE in reload_cse_simplify_operands (insn does not satisfy its constraints) (closes: #448217). * Remove debian/watch since this package tracks SVN (closes: #450122). Files: 7497fea830d6f5b28bc8fe7524bd73e4 2485 devel optional gcc-snapshot_20071116-1.dsc 262b51a837be5d98fd9305cf813f30b9 53888617 devel optional gcc-snapshot_20071116.orig.tar.gz 3dbb953bae3acfd7155e6f4f1429980a 237306 devel optional gcc-snapshot_20071116-1.diff.gz 92c69bc95d094830b9554a351bf716c1 87416624 devel extra gcc-snapshot_20071116-1_amd64.deb -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: GnuPG v1.4.6 (GNU/Linux) iD8DBQFHPe2nKb5dImj9VJ8RAhehAJ9lmYNyIJ2OUiooRNE2uFSheRJt8QCgi/Dw /wd8e6ElfWckM4imNi7e2ec= =4fHI -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
--- End Message ---"[There are] three Sentiment Stages of a Secular Bull Market:
1 = Disbelief / Blue Chips [aka, large-caps]
2 = Belief / Secondary Stocks [aka, mid & small-caps]
3 = Complacency / Speculative Stocks [aka, small-caps]
This Secular Bull Market is in its second sentiment stage -- small and mid-cap stock leadership is a sign of belief and trust in this market."
-- Ralph Acampora, CMT [October 6, 2013]
Please see my "Gentlemen, Start Your Buy Lists (Ladies Too)" [One] article for more in-depth discussion of the above quote. I've included the quote again because this article is somewhat an extension of, and update to, that first article. However, I don't refer to the quote directly in this article because I'm also trying not to repeat myself too much.
One thing I should repeat, however, is clarification of the article title. What I mean with "start your buy lists" is that I think there is likely to be at least one more good opportunity to use our buy lists between now and the end of the year. I say at least one "more" because it turns out that the last couple weeks of August were a decent time to buy stocks.
And, as I mention every chance I get (and discussed in my Instablog), one of my strongest opinions about stocks is that when to buy is just as important as what to buy. However, I also want to make very clear that I am not talking about "timing the market". I am simply talking about having the discipline to wait for, and the presence of mind to identify, the most opportune, and occasionally predictable, times to buy the stocks we like. So, I'll discuss here some of my opinions about acting on the thinking behind that "when to buy" statement.
By the way, I also realized from my first "… Buy Lists …" article that some readers expected a ready-made buy list of stocks perfectly suited to their time horizon, risk tolerance, investment goals, etc. So, to appease those readers, I have included at the end of this article some of my favorite picks, most of which I already have articles about or will at some point.
Small Fries
As that first "Buy Lists" article details, the Russell 2000 small-cap index recently made a new all-time high. Expecting small-cap outperformance as part of the typical cycle, I've focused on small caps most of this year, even though a larger portion of my portfolio is large-caps. Although it was only a month ago that I wrote "I believe small-cap outperformance will continue for a while", recent activity has made me see the need to slightly adjust that statement. What I mean is that, last week, the Russell 2000 dipped ~2.5% while the S&P 500 only dipped ~0.50%. Some already say that means the small-cap outperformance is over, but I don't believe that. So, what I should've said is that "I believe small-cap outperformance will continue overall, with brief periods of exception within the overarching trend." I mention that to reiterate one of the main points of that first "Buy Lists" article of mine -- that the time to figure out which stocks we want to buy is before they're ripe for buying, not once that is already happening.
For example, if small-cap outperformance does continue, last week was a decent time to buy small caps. Monday's trading might even indicate that the trend is already resuming. If that is the case, there are likely to be other brief exceptions to that trend, so before the next one is the time to refine the small-cap portion of our buy lists. That's why I stopped in the middle of a large and mid-cap article to write about another small cap first. It's also why I stopped in the middle of that small-cap article to get this one posted first -- because I can't finish articles fast enough to catch each opportunity I see like last week's small-cap selloff. So, I want to first remind readers that articles are rarely finished and posted exactly when I consider the right time to buy the stocks recommended within … I simply try to get the ideas out there before the next "right" time.
Pay Attention
As far as when those right times occur, there are two categories I'll discuss, each of which has several separate factors within. The first category is more general and applies to all time periods. The second category is specific to the time period we're heading into very soon.
In general, I consider there to be four factors that determine how any stock moves at any time. They are what is happening with: [1] world economies ("macro" factors), [2] the entire market, [3] the company's sector, and [4] company-specific performance and news. In fact, in my opinion, the direction and velocity of all stock moves are always a function of the very fluid and ever-changing combinations of those four factors.
My experience is that the "sweet spot" for when to buy any stock is when 2-3 of those four factors brings a particular stock (or all stocks) down to undervalued territory. I consider 2-3 of the factors to be the sweet spot because, when only one factor is holding a stock down, it usually only creates very minor undervaluation. Conversely, when all four factors conspire to bring a stock down, buying before at least one factor relents practically guarantees additional downside. In my view, this entire year has only provided a few buying opportunities in select stocks at different times because the buying opportunities were always created by factors [3] and [4]. There have only been very few, very brief and very small contributions from factor [2]. No help from factor [1] is great news in general, but not particularly helpful for finding undervalued stocks.
This where the second category comes into play -- the specific time period we're approaching. Since world economies are in a relatively stable place and the market as whole is relatively strong, our best opportunities may be somewhat artificial weaknesses in an otherwise strong market. As also mentioned, but not really expanded on, in that first "Buy Lists" article of mine, many traders and investors tend to do more selling toward the end of each calendar year for a number of reasons including: [1] political risks, [2] holiday season profit taking, [3] tax-loss harvesting, and [4] portfolio rebalancing; which sometimes combine to create buyable dips.
The year-end political risks factor is because various elections and other important political actions take place toward the end of each year. This year, however, it seems the political risks that may affect the market may occur in January instead of the usual year end that coincides with the other three year-end factors. For that reason, I think it's even more important than usual to always average into new positions. In other words, if a good opportunity to open new positions does come from a combination of year-end factors, it may be safest to wait until January to add to or complete the positions. At the same time, also be aware that the "January Effect" could offset volatility from politics.
The other three year-end factors are fairly self-explanatory and very interrelated so I'll touch on all of them together. Although most of us learned early in our investing careers that money we may need within five years should never be tied up in stocks, very many investors and traders ignore that guideline. So, the end of each year tends to bring holiday season stock selling as people shore up their finances to fund holiday shopping, parties, vacations, etc. And, holiday season selling further perpetuates more of the tax-loss selling that investors do at the end of each year in order to realize losses for tax benefits. For example, holiday season selling often means taking profits from winning stocks and realizing capital gains, which often encourages more loss harvesting to offset those capital gains. Those factors also coincide with the portfolio rebalancing many investors do at the end of the year. So, while none of these factors alone could create a significant market dip, the fact that they all occur together sometimes creates enough of a dip to make a decent buying opportunity. However, a "Santa Claus Rally" sometimes occurs in the week between Christmas and New Year's Day so, if a year-end dip hasn't occurred by that point, it's less likely to happen.
As you can see there are a lot of different factors and phenomenon that can drive the market at a given time. Again, I am not proposing that readers attempt to "time the market". In fact, what I'm really proposing is far simpler -- in short, pay attention. If we do that, it becomes increasingly rare that we have no idea why when the market makes a significant move, and that helps us invest better.
Use Your Strengths
For readers who didn't see it the first time, I'll again wrap up with my number one favorite investing quote of all time, and my take on it.
."
-- George Soros
I immediately loved that quote when I saw it because I identify with what I believe Mr. Soros was getting at since it's exactly what I do. That is, I work relentlessly on the days that make sense to do so -- the "special days". Perhaps even more important is that, on the days that don't "make sense to go to work," my primary goal is to avoid screwing up everything I accomplished on the special days. I've found that approach beneficial in most every aspect of my life, but especially in the context that it was originally intended -- the market.
I mention that again because I think it is so very important at all times; but especially when the market takes its periodic breathers, trades sideways and there isn't really much to do. Many investors think they should be doing something so they over-trade in a sideways market and lose much of what they made when the market was strong. Perhaps all we should be doing on some days is refining our buy lists to prepare for the "special days". As retail investors, we should never forget the main advantage we have over professional money managers -- we don't have to "go to work" every day. We don't have to buy or sell stocks every day, against our better judgment, because we have clients insisting that we put their money to work at the worst times possible or cash them out at the worst times possible. We have the option to only buy stocks at opportune times so why not use it? Again, the main point is that when to buy is just as important as what to buy.
The Picks
Below are some of my favorite picks and there are articles on most of them here. Please consider various recommendations before deciding which, if any, might be most suitable for your portfolio. My Instablog includes general information about my overall approach that is, therefore, relevant to all of my stock picks. I still hold all of the names below and plan to buy more of them all. I refer to my initial buys because I hadn't yet started officially contributing to SA when I bought so I could not have fully shared my initial calls, per se. Even so, the buys equate to calls since I only buy stocks that I think will go higher. All of the companies are dividend payers, but dividends are not included in the return amounts shown. Several have also had spinoffs that added additional returns, but those returns are not included in the amounts shown either. I mention the returns that I've made not to gloat, but simply as evidence to support my opinions beyond a "trust me" . With that said, these are only my opinions so please supplement with your own due diligence and make thoughtful investment decisions that are right for your situation.
Thanks for reading and I appreciate comments, even if just to let me know that someone is in fact reading so I'm not wasting my time.
Small-Cap:
Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) [up ~14% since my initial buy]
CECO Environmental (NASDAQ:CECE) [up ~46% since my initial buy]
Consolidated Water (NASDAQ:CWCO) [up ~107% since my initial buy]
Cott Corporation (NYSE:COT) [up ~12% since my initial call]
HCI Group (NYSE:HCI) [up ~152% since my initial buy]
Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) [up ~214% since my initial buy]
Mid-Cap:
Trinity Industries (NYSE:TRN) [up ~116% since my initial buy]
Manitowoc Company (NYSE:MTW) [up ~73% since my initial buy]
Large-Cap:
Aetna (NYSE:AET) [held this stock ~20 years so not fair to include returns]
Blackstone (NYSE:BX) [up ~37% since my initial buy]
General Electric (NYSE:GE) [up ~38% since my initial buy]
Halliburton (NYSE:HAL) [up ~80% since my initial buy]
Kroger (NYSE:KR) [up ~78% since my initial buy]
Magna International (NYSE:MGA) [up ~144% since my initial buy]
Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) [up ~36% since my initial buy]
Valero (NYSE:VLO) [up ~21% since my initial buy]
Williams Companies (NYSE:WMB) [up ~77% since my initial buy]
Disclosure: I am long ACET, AET, BX, CECE, COT, CWCO, GE, HAL, HCI, KR, MGA, MTW, MWA, PFE, VLO, WMB. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Additional disclosure: I am long ACET, AET, BX, CECE, COT, CWCO, GE, HAL, HCI, KR, MGA, MTW, MWA, PFE, VLO and WMB and may buy additional shares over the next 72 hours.From LaLota's scout profile:
"As a junior, Anthony LaLota made 40 tackles, 10 sacks, forced two fumbles and deflected a pass. He played both defensive end and offensive tackle as a junior, but considers himself more of a defensive player. It was LaLota's first year playing football."
Uhhh, clearly has a nice, thick portfolio that coached are looking at. This is like Cissoko, only with less Africa.Restaurant reports for week ending May 26. A score of 100 is perfect.
No critical violations
Ballenger Elementary, 1110 40th St., 99.
Hodges Elementary, 5001 Ave. P, 99.
Bayless Elementary, 2115 58th St., 98.
Atkins Junior High, 5401 Ave. U, 98.
Children's Learning Center, 3514 22nd Place, 96.
Atria Cottage Village, 111 Frankford Ave., 94.
Taco Villa, 5402 Fourth St., 90.
One critical violation
Lakeside Care Center, 4306 24th St., 90, was cited because a can was dented. The violation was corrected on site.
Santa Fe Restaurant, 5501 Slide Rd., 90, was cited because an item in a food warmer was at an improper temperature. The violation was corrected.
Shogun Japanese Steakhouse, 4520 50th St., 89, was cited because there were roaches in the back along the wall. Report did not say if the problem was corrected.
Two or more critical violations
Subway, 4902 34th St., 84, was cited because a can of tuna had a sharp dent on the bottom seam, there was an open drink above the preparation area and spray bottles containing glass cleaner and sanitizer were unlabeled. Report did not indicate if the problems were corrected.
Josie's, 4105 Brownfield Road, 68, was cited because sour cream was kept at an improper temperature, open drinks were on the ice machine and the hand-washing sink was being used for dumping ice. Those violations were corrected on site. The inspector also cited the restaurant because there were a large number of flies in the kitchen and paint was stored above paper goods in a rear storage area. Those violations were to be corrected within 10 days.
Source: Lubbock Environmental Inspection Services.
Lubbock Avalanche-Journal © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyFORT MYERS, Fla. -- Minnesota catcher Joe Mauer is back in the batter's box and crouching behind the plate, moving a step closer to returning from the lower-back inflammation that put him on the disabled list.
Mauer took batting practice Wednesday evening with a group of minor leaguers at the Twins' spring training facility in Florida, and hit a home run in the last round of his first BP action since last September.
"That last one felt pretty good," said Mauer, the reigning AL batting champion.
He also caught pitcher Scott Baker's bullpen session, though he said there still isn't a timetable for his return to the Twins. He has yet to resume running, the activity that has caused him discomfort all spring.
"I haven't gotten there yet. That will be the determining factor," Mauer said.
Mauer will continue with the same routine this week, practicing with the Class A Fort Myers Miracle. He had surgery to fix kidney blockage last December, and the back problem has kept him from running since.
Baker, on the disabled list with stiffness in his shoulder, will start for the Miracle in a game on Friday night and is on track to return to the Twins next week.Stefan, The changes look reasonable, and if the old tests still pass (I'm assuming your new ones will), then I'm happy. There is one "style" issue: the (int* is_new_object) argument always appears last in those helper functions where it is used. Thanks On Aug 12, 2008, at 2:16 AM, Stéfan van der Walt wrote: > Hi all, > > I've given ticket #750 a shot. Since I was not previously familiar > with SWIG, I would appreciate it if those of you who know it could > take a look at the proposed patch: > > > > Thanks for your time, > Stéfan ** Bill Spotz ** ** Sandia National Laboratories Voice: (505)845-0170 ** ** P.O. Box 5800 Fax: (505)284-0154 ** ** Albuquerque, NM 87185-0370 Email: wfspotz@sandia.gov **This. How can anyone see a brief ride in a small box with people you have never seen before or never will see again as an opportunity to make a new friend?
I’m sure you have heard the saying, “He has never met a stranger.” I heard it often growing up. Someone who is described that way is definitely a playful/sanguine person, always looking for a new friend.
However, to me, a purposeful/melancholy person, everyone is a stranger. It takes more than a brief “howdy!” to form a friendship. Spontaneous social situations are not fun or sought after. I prefer to stay in my comfortable little world of a few close friends.
What about you? Are you one of “those” elevator people?Relevant offers
Dumped Black Caps captain Ross Taylor will start his cricketing rehabilitation when he suits up for Central Districts on Thursday.
The four-day Plunket Shield competition restarts on Thursday, with CD playing Canterbury in Napier, and Taylor will play his first match since he was unceremoniously axed as Black Caps captain last month.
Taylor hasn't played since New Zealand's tour of Sri Lanka in November but was due to start training with CD today and would be "there with bells on", according to CD coach Alan Hunt.
"Obviously when you get a world-class player coming into the side, you're never going to turn that down," Hunt said.
"I'm pleased to have him. We can help him get back on the cricket horse and get on with it."
Taylor has been on a self-imposed exile from the national team since coach Mike Hesson dumped him as Black Caps skipper for Brendon McCullum.
Hunt said Taylor has been in the gym and hitting balls, so he will come back mentally refreshed and ready to play cricket again.
"I haven't spoken to him in the last week. This is his job, this is what he does.
"He now needs to be playing cricket to be considered for the England tour."
Taylor should slot in at No 4 in what will be a strong CD batting lineup with Jamie How, Mathew Sinclair and Carl Cachopa.
Taylor's last Plunket Shield match was against Otago at Lincoln in November, 2011. He did play against Auckland in March 2012 but left after two days for international duty and didn't bat.
Taylor's return will be a big boost as CD look to erase the memories of their poor HRV Cup campaign which saw them finish last with only two wins.
Hunt said there were no excuses for their disappointing Twenty20 effort, but everyone was looking forward to getting back into the four-day competition where CD have a 17-point lead at the top of the table.
"We just need to get mentally right after a pretty tough campaign with Twenty20.
"We need to flick the switch back to four-dayers where we're playing well."
Along with Taylor, their batting lineup is also better for the return of gloveman Kruger van Wyk from a broken finger.
But they are light in the bowling department with Andrew Lamb being rested with a hamstring niggle, Adam Milne has a shin splints-type of injury, Ben Wheeler is still recovering from a side strain and Bevan Small is unavailable with personal commitments.
Spinners Tarun Nethula and Ajaz Patel are available, while Black Caps seamer Doug Bracewell should be available for their game against Auckland next week.
"Our biggest challenge will be getting 20 wickets on McLean Park," Hunt said.
-Baby cosmetics isolated on whiteAfrica Studio
Fotolia
Baby cosmetics isolated on whiteFile: #47923862 |:
- #47923862
- Country:
- Ukraine
- Category:
-
- Release:
- Signed model release held by Fotolia
- Keywords:
- aromatherapy baby bath bathroom bear beauty body bodycare bottle care child cosmetic ear gel health healthcare healthy hygiene infant isolated kid liquid lotion natural newborn oil pacifier pampering powder products relax relaxation shampoo soap soother sticks therapy toiletries toy treatment washing wellbeing wellness white yellowSee all keywords
The image "Baby cosmetics isolated on white" from Africa Studio is available on Fotolia under a royalty-free license from 1 credit (Credit from $0.74).
Available in JPEG format, this image may be downloaded for all kinds of professional uses and in different resolutions (up to 3,456 x 3,576 pixels in 300 DPI)
The author of this picture, Africa Studio also has 161.It’s April Fool’s Day – so you might see a few articles like this one today. Or this one.
Governor Cuomo has won checkers and is now moving onto chess, Jacob Gershman writes.
Times Union has high praise for the budget being passed on time.
Speaker Sheldon Silver says this year’s budget was fair to New York City.
NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg obviously disagrees.
The Mayor’s popularity is slipping according to our NY1/Marist Poll.
One the eve of SOMOS weekend, Cuomo taps a veteran hispanic public servant to be the next Secretary of state.
NY Post wants Inspector General ...
Read the full post on Capitoltonight.com...
Share this:I had a chance to sketch at Cal Tech (California Institute of Technology), which is located in a quiet neighborhood in Pasadena. Young guys juggling, weathered buildings, bikes parked under a tangerine tree, a pond with turtles and koi - they somehow speak "California college campus" to me.
1 comment:
Lovely sketcches this week, but they always are.Driving around Bangalore, it’s immediately clear that the infrastructure hasn’t kept up with the IT boom in this once-sleepy South Indian city. Auto rickshaws, scooters, and motorcycles squeeze into a tight phalanx at each red light and choke the air with exhaust. Construction, such as the concrete supports of the new metro rail line that looms overhead, causes detours everywhere, and in spots the entire road abruptly disintegrates into gravel.
But something miraculous happens as you make your way south, past the outer ring road. A ramp lifts a select few vehicles out of the weaving traffic and onto an elevated tollway, where you suddenly have a bird’s-eye view of the urban landscape. This is the road to Electronic City, an oasis of glass and steel high-rises overlooking pristine black asphalt paths that snake through the perfectly manicured lawns of tech companies like Wipro, IBM, and Infosys Technologies.
“If you can have such good roads in the Infosys campus, why are the roads outside so terrible?” That’s the common question foreign visitors would ask Nandan Nilekani, one of the company’s cofounders. “Politics” was his usual reply, according to Nilekani’s 2008 book, Imagining India. Now the man who has been called the Bill Gates of India has jumped into politics to try to use what he learned at the IT giant to transform the dysfunctional country that lies beyond the borders of Electronic City..
“On the one hand, within India and across the world, people of Indian descent have done some remarkable work,” says Nilekani. “And on the other hand, here is a country that needs to solve some very basic problems. This project marries these two worlds.” UIDAI plans to use fingerprints and iris scans to assign every person in the country a unique.
That’s if it all works.?
The answers to these questions are getting more than the usual amount of scrutiny, because a lot of political fortunes are riding on the UIDAI.
The program has been heavily supported by the ruling Indian National Congress party; Nilekani was appointed by the prime minister himself, Manmohan Singh. But Singh and his Congress party have had a difficult time enacting many of their biggest policy goals, and the UIDAI has increasingly become the target of criticism.
Earlier this year, the whole scheme seemed in imminent danger of collapse, when a parliamentary committee killed the bill that would have given the program statutory authority, and a political turf war erupted between the UIDAI and the National Population Register, another government project collecting biometrics for the national census. But by late January the two sides had reached an agreement to share biometric data collection, and Aadhaar is once again moving full steam ahead with a new mandate and an estimated budget this year of 15 billion rupees [PDF] (about US $300 million).June 01, 2010
The AVMA will lead a collaborative effort to develop a model animal welfare curriculum for veterinary schools and colleges with funding help from the American Veterinary Medical Foundation.
The AVMA Executive Board approved the Office of the Executive Vice President's recommendation at its April meeting. The endeavor will begin with the Association hosting the first of two planning meetings this year with subject experts and key stakeholders.
Dr. Gail C. Golab, director of the AVMA Animal Welfare Division, said a confluence of recent developments influenced the OEVP to put forth the proposal.
"Veterinary professionals are increasingly being asked to answer questions about protecting animals' well-being by animal owners and the public. In particular, stakeholders are looking to veterinarians to help resolve conflicting information that has been presented to them. Unfortunately, there are significant gaps in the understanding of the scientific and social components of these issues," Dr. Golab said.
More veterinary schools and colleges have started to introduce the topic of animal welfare into their curricula, but some are unsure where to start.
"It's not unusual for a dean or faculty member to recognize a need for more deliberate instruction on animal welfare and to contact the AVMA looking for assistance in the development of content," Dr. Golab said.
The need for a comprehensive and cohesive animal welfare curriculum was reiterated at the 2009 Joint International Educational Symposium on Animal Welfare, hosted by the AVMA and the Association of American Veterinary Medical Colleges this past November at Michigan State University (see JAVMA, Jan. 15, 2010, page 134).
Speakers and students attending the symposium expressed concern that the topic of animal welfare was being neglected at their schools and that when information was presented, it wasn't consistent or cohesive, nor was it given enough emphasis.
In addition, during recent meetings of the North American Veterinary Medical Educational Consortium, animal welfare has been identified as an area for increased focus by participants, according to the background to the OEVP recommendation.
The AVMA hopes to correct these deficiencies and will start with forming the planning group that will shape the plan for development and implementation of the model curriculum. This body will have six to 10 subject experts plus representatives of key stakeholder organizations, including the AAVMC, the Department of Agriculture, and the Canadian VMA. Nominations for subject experts will be sought from veterinary schools and colleges and from departments of veterinary science and animal science.
"In addition to 'what,' we need to look at 'how,'" Dr. Golab said. "The veterinary curriculum is very full. A variety of delivery options have to be considered so that instructors have a choice in whether to develop new courses or creatively incorporate information in existing courses. It's key that information about animal welfare be integrated throughout the curriculum—from day one all the way to the time students receive their cap and gown," she said.
Up to $6,000 will come from the AVMA Strategic Goal Fund to cover travel and meeting expenses for the meetings this year. For 2011, the AVMF has budgeted $22,000 for the initiative.
—Malinda LarkinRisk assessment of occupational exposure to ETS emissions
El-Hougeiri, N. and El-Fadel, M. (2002) Risk assessment of occupational exposure to ETS emissions. Indoor and Built Environment, 11, (2), 83-94. (doi:10.1177/1420326X0201100203).
Download
Full text not available from this repository.
Description/Abstract
This paper presents an assessment of occupational indoor exposure to air pollutants emitted from environmental tobacco smoke in a public restaurant. Field monitoring data of carbon monoxide (CO) and total suspended particulates (TSP) levels were used to calibrate the model RISK and simulate pollutant concentration profiles in various subdivisions of the prototype restaurant, and instantaneous as well as cumulative exposure levels for working individuals. The risk assessment of occupational exposure to environmental tobacco smoke was then examined using risk levels associated with CO and TSP. Mitigation measures were evaluated in terms of efficiency of decreasing pollutant exposure levels.Montana Gets Low Grade for Traffic Laws in State-by-State Study
A new state-by-state study claims that Montana has some of the worst traffic safety laws in the country.
Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety President Jackie Gillan said that the cost of having bad laws is piling up.
“Motor vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death for all Americans between the ages of 5 and 24,” Gillan said. “It’s a very costly problem for states, in fact, motor vehicle crashes cost the state of Montana $621 million a year.”
The study looked at 15 laws that the Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety believe every state needs to have and ended up giving Montana full credit for just six, below is the list of laws that Montana does not have along with a full description of each law by the Advocates for highway safety:
Laws Not on the Books in Montana
- Primary Enforcement Seat Belt Law
- All-Rider Motorcycle Helmet Law
- Booster Seat Law through Age 7 (Without Secondary Enforcement)
- GDL – Minimum Age 16 for Learner’s Permit
- GDL – Stronger Nighttime Restriction Provision
- GDL – Cell Phone Restriction Provision
- GDL – Age 18 for Unrestricted License
- Ignition Interlock Law for All Offenders
- All-Driver Text Messaging Restriction
The 15 Laws Advocated For by Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety:
-.
- Learner’s Stage: Minimum Age16 for Learner’s Permit – A beginning teen driver is prohibited from obtaining a learner’s permit until the age of 16.
- Learner’s Stage: Six-Month Holding Period Provision ‑ ‑ A beginning teen driver must receive at least 30-50 hours of behind-the-wheel training with an adult licensed driver during the learner’s stage.
- Intermediate Stage: Nighttime Driving Restriction Provision ‑ Unsupervised driving should be prohibited from at least 10 p.m. to 5 a.m.
- Intermediate Stage: Passenger Restriction Provision ‑ This provision limits the number of teenage passengers who may legally ride with a teen driver without adult supervision. The optimal limit is no more than one non-familial passenger under age 21.
- Cell Phone Restriction ‑ This restriction prohibits all use of cellular devices (both hand-held and hands-free) by beginning teen drivers, except in the case of an emergency.
- Age 18 for Unrestricted License – A teen driver is prohibited from obtaining an unrestricted license until the age of 18.
- All-Driver Text Messaging Restriction ‑ This law prohibits all drivers from entering, reading or otherwise retrieving data from any handheld or electronic data communication device, except in the case of an emergency.
- Booster Seat Law ‑ Requires, at a minimum, that children ages four through seven be placed in a child restraint system (booster seat) that is certified to meet U.S. DOT safety standards.
- Primary Enforcement Seat Belt Law ‑ Allows law enforcement officers to stop and ticket someone when they see a violation of the seat belt law. No other violation need occur first to take action.
- All-Rider Motorcycle Helmet Law ‑ Requires all motorcycle riders, regardless of age, to use a helmet that meets U.S. Department of Transportation (U.S. DOT) standards.Product Description
BlueSky 10″ Windows Tablet
HEXA BlueSky is an state-of-the-art Windows 2-in-1 tablet. It is a unique replacement to anyone’s personal PC while having the joy of tablet portability.
HEXA BlueSky comes with magnetic hinged keyboard, which attaches to HEXA BlueSky in one snap. By sliding a small and stylish latch, BlueSky detaches from its keyboard and can be used as a great tablet.
BlueSky has a fan-less design as it functions on a quad-core Intel BayTrail processor, which is optimized for devices like BlueSky. It requires minimum energy to operate and does not get warm. So BlueSky works in absolute silence.
The IPS screen on BlueSky is one of the most outstanding displays with a bright high-definition quality with more than 175° view angle.
Sara JM – :
Good design. Would be great to have the keyboard included already.Marketing with no budget – a familiar story for most small businesses and startups. When there’s no money, there’s usually time. Time is unfortunately also limited, so the question is – how to convert that time into money most effectively (get the biggest bang for the hour)?
You could come up with hundreds of free online marketing ideas, but in order to get results, you should focus on the few that really make a difference.
Note that these methods ain’t quick fixes, but will make a significant impact if you stick with it.
Blogging is one of the most effective marketing tools out there. It won’t do much in the short-term, but probably you’re in it for the long run. A great blog builds an audience that is looking forward to your messages and that is invaluable. A year from now you wish you had started today.
If your website does not have any content besides your product information pages, you will never have large amount of free traffic via search engines. The more content you have on your blog, the more natural traffic you get. A large amount of the people who get to your blog via search are your target market. That’s pull marketing at work. A study of 2,300 HubSpot customers revealed that businesses that blog witness their monthly leads rise by 126% more than those who don’t.
Search engine optimized posts
Your blog can be your most effective SEO provider. In order to make your posts rank on Google and Bing, make sure these 3 things are done:
- The title of your post has to be worded in a way someone might use while doing a search. Do your research first on Google Keyword Tool.
- Mention the same phrase as you have in your title 1 or 2 times in the body copy too, depending on the length of the post.
- Have clean URLs: kicks butt.
What to blog about?
“Instead of trying to out-spend, out-sell, or out–sponsor competitors, try to out-teach them”, say the guys over at 37Signals (see the video here) and they’re right. This captures the essence – use your blog to teach and educate your prospects and customers.
Use a casual tone in your blog. Nobody wants to read boring academic texts. If there’s a sentence you wouldn’t while talking to your friend, don’t use it.
Goes without saying, but I’ll say it anyway – there is no substitution to great content and writing, so make it good. Further reading: 5 Ways to Make Your Blog Posts Outstanding.
Getting success through a blog takes time, so make sure you have persistence and patience.
A great way to speed things up is guest blogging on popular blogs. Check out a few insightful videos about guest blogging on guestblogging.com. Any post you write, submit them on social bookmarking / news sites like Digg, Reddit, Stumbleupon, Sphinn or Hacker News. Where to submit depends on your field and target audience.
Create an online tool
You might not have money, but perhaps you have programmers in your company or your best friend can code. If that’s the case you can create a useful or fun tool to drive traffic and generate leads.
Hubspot, an internet marketing company, created a free tool that assesses your website. The tool claims to have assessed close to 3 million sites, and your score on the 1-100 scale represents the percentage of those sites that your site tops. Now that’s a pretty cool tool and it’s free. It has gotten Hubspot a ton of fame, inbound links and leads.
Online tests are tools too
You don’t necessarily need to create a sophisticated tool. It can be as simple as a test – and people love tests.
The One Question, a website helping people find their purpose has created a simple life purpose test, which helps people reflect. They get around 100 people per day joining their mailing list through that test.
Gemstone Shoppers has created a test where people find out what their gemstone is. Once they get their result, they can embed a banner with their personal gemstone onto their blog or website. The banner links back to the shopgemstones.com website and so the test serves also as a link building tool.
Note: Make sure your tool can capture users’ emails or generate leads in some way, don’t waste the traffic.
So think – what useful tool can you create that would benefit your prospects?
Participate in relevant forums
It’s likely that people in your target audience are already talking about your field in some sort of forums. It might be an old school bulletin board or a group on some social media network such as Facebook or LinkedIn.
Your job is to join in on the conversation and start adding value. This will help you build relationships and show off your expertise to position yourself as an authority in the field.
Don’t ever spam your product or trash the competition – that’s the quickest way to turn the community against you. You have to become a part of your community and you can do that by acting one. What goes around, comes around. You can have a link to your website in your profile and signature, but don’t go around posting your link on random forums.
If you’re a hosting company, you might want to participate in Web Hosting Talk. Sell infoproducts? Check out WarriorForum.
Go to Google now and find all the relevant forums and discussion groups.
Join Twitter and/or Facebook
Get on the social media bandwagon. Create your Facebook page and sign up for Twitter. Depending on your field, LinkedIn and YouTube might be great matches, too.
Remember – social media is for building relationships, not selling. You should
never rarely shout ‘buy my product’ on Twitter or Facebook (unless it’s a special campaign and you it’s between a lot of great content). Make friends, follow great people (your prospects) and re-tweet their stuff. This helps to boost the relationship.
Relationship bank account
If you ever read Stephen Covey’s “7 Habits of Highly Effective People”, you might remember the term ’emotional bank account’ – similar to a bank account, you can make deposits or withdrawals from each of your relationships. This principle applies on social media, too. I called it the ‘relationship bank account’, and it’s the key principle to understand if you’re ever to get success on social media.
Every time you share something useful, entertaining or in other ways value-adding content on Twitter or Facebook, you make a deposit on to your relationship with the followers. Every time you ask for a sale or issue any other kind of self-oriented request, you withdraw from the relationship.
Make sure you deposit enough before making a withdrawal: share useful content (can be links to your blog), link to great articles out there, give tips on how to use your products. It’s okay to ask for a sale every now and then, but share at least 10 pieces of great content for every time you ask for something. Nobody wants to talk to people who only want to sell them something.
How to market on social media? There’s a ton of great content out there. Check Social Media Examiner as one of the best resources out there.
Pitch your story
If you have a great product that unlike no other (or slightly different), you can try to pitch it to the media and popular blogs / websites.
I’ve compiled a list of 36+ places you can submit your startup for some coverage in an earlier post.
There are also online press release distributors such as prlog.org,, and many others like that – but these won’t actually get anyone to read your press release. They are useful for link building though.
What you can do is try to identify journalists that write on the field of your product and shoot them an e-mail. Don’t pitch your product, but the story of why it matters.
Have an affiliate program
Help others help you. Somebody might come across your product and see that it’s a perfect for their audience (blog readers, newsletter subscribers, existing clients etc). They might recommend it anyway, but they’ll push it harder if there’s something in it for them. Hence it’s a good idea to have an affiliate program where you pay commission per every client referred.
Don’t be stingy – if it’s a digital product, a commission under 30% isn’t gonna cut it. Have it at least 50% – most likely your margins will allow this. It’s money you wouldn’t otherwise earn at all – better half than nothing. Think long term – how much money you might make off of a client in the long run. The hardest sale is always the first one.
So there you have it
If you were looking for a silver bullet, sorry to disappoint you. You better hear it from me – it doesn’t exist. There are no shortcuts and there is no substitute for hard work (and some luck).
Image credit: NoHoDamon
Related Posts
If you enjoyed this post, subscribe to updates
Get actionable conversion advice in your inbox.
Email once a week. Unsubscribe at any time with a single click.
Nov 19, 2012 @ 21:17:30
What’s up, everything is going perfectly here and ofcourse every one is sharing facts, that’s
truly fine, keep up writing.
Feb 26, 2013 @ 11:48:49
Hello Peep. Thank you for another amazing post!
I have a question. For many years I have had a blog for my video editing business and I also opened an online e-commerce store a few years ago, in which you did a mini-review. So my question is can I link my editing business website to my e-commerce site or should I start a whole new blog on my store?
Thank you for your time and have an amazing day!Actually, the House Bill, HB1581, fails to nullify Sections 1021 and 1022 of the NDAA. Instead, it attempts to transfer that power from the president of the United States to the Governor of the state of Washington. Nothing against our great governor, but NO ONE should have that much power. We are a nation ruled by laws, not men. However, the Senate version does NOT transfer that power to anyone else, and implicitly nullifies Sections 1021 and 1022, and provides for a penalty of a felony for anyone in WA state that does not comply. Senator Bob Hasegawa was very smart to realize the danger in allowing Sections 1021 and 1022 to be codified into WA state law! Perhaps, that is because his family had to deal with the indefinite detention of Japanese-Americans during WWII. You are a true American, Senator! I heartily endorse your bill!!
@JEFFinSEATTLE
I believe Jeff is correct .
The House Bill 1581 does indeed attempt to grant an exemption unto the authority of it’s own Governor, whereas the Senate Bill does no such thing.
Stopping the Feds should never involve violating your own State Constitution.
RT @TenthAmendment: Bipartisan Washington State Bills Would Nullify NDAA “Indefinite Detention”: #10th
NDAA and Occult Propaganda
1 the lie… TERRORISM
2 double cross… ANTI-TERROR LEGISLATION
3 trauma bond via shock and awe… al-Awlaki, Breitbart, Swartz
4 rendition… BILL OF RIGHTS
AMERICA RESPONDS: busy chasing tail…
Interesting how mainstream news doesn’t even cover anything NDAA-related. Chris Hedges, always offering thought-provoking journalism, has a case here that needs more public attention. We need citizen journalism now. Write about it; raise awareness.Articles tagged with: Sustainable Tourism:
Belize Hotels, Belize Travel Tips, Featured »
.
About Belize, Belize Travel Tips »
Featured »
»
>>IMAGE Testimonials, Belize Travel Tips, Belize Vacations, Headline, Maya »
>>IMAGE.
Uncategorized »
>>IMAGE …
Headline »
Travel Stories Contest »
.
Uncategorized »
.
About Belize, Belize Vacations, Belize Weather »
Belize Vacations »
.!
Belize Travel Tips »
_12<<
In a dream I am walking the Mayan Rainforest Trail through the vast nature reserve of Chaa Creek. My feet make no sound in the soft leaf litter. All my senses are alive. Strange, gloriously colorful birds flit through the green canopy, and animals I have seen only in pictures peer out at me from the thick foliage of the forest floor. The plants are not familiar to me, yet I sense their powerful beneficence.
Headline »
Sustainable Tourism has come a long way in the past 10 years. Now it’s not only about appreciating nature but also about helping to preserve it. For hotels and resorts, this means minimizing footprints by reducing energy and water consumption, purchasing eco-friendly products, fostering environmental awareness among guests, and empowering the local community through employment and profit-sharing programs.
References:This week is Open Education Week 2014:.
Mozilla is playing a role, through a week-long online discussion entitled Open Education and the Open Web. There’ll be a new question to prompt conversation each day in our Google+ Webmaker community..
Today’s prompt is simple. We’re just asking people to introduce themselves and respond as to what ‘open education’ looks like in their context.
You should join us. It’s totally fine to dip in and dip out. Take the first step:
One comment:A new study concludes the U.S. pharmaceutical industry might be wasting more than $50 billion every year in manufacturing expenses.
The finding is part of the largest empirical study ever performed of pharmaceutical manufacturing and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's monitoring policies.
The study was conducted by Jackson Nickerson, professor of organization and strategy at Washington University in St. Louis, and Jeffrey Macher, assistant professor of strategy and economics at Georgetown University.
"We undertook the project to understand how the FDA regulates and pharmaceutical manufacturers produce, so we could see where there may be conflicts that inhibit advances in manufacturing," Nickerson said. "Our policy goal is to understand both sides of the coin so that we could contribute to improving the regulatory environment, thereby altering the pharmaceutical industry's incentives to maintain and in some cases enhance product quality but for a much lower cost."
The researchers collected data from 42 manufacturing facilities and determined companies extensively using information technology displayed superior manufacturing performance compared with other firms.
They also found the lower in the ranks a company allows employees to make decisions, the higher the company's overall manufacturing performance.
Explore further:
Applying visual techniques to med school lessons
Please sign in to add a comment. Registration is free, and takes less than a minute. Read moreClick here to reset your password.
Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made.Comments about ‘Utah Jazz's 101-78 preseason win over Warriors filled with surprises’...no love for Hayward?....who put up an incredible stat line....double digit scoring roughly 8 assists and 7 boards...with 3 steals...although he shot poorly....he did it in just 26 minutes...give him an additional 5 who knows...a triple double?...if this is a sort of preview of what will happen in the season...and Gordon gets his shooting back....the guy could post 20 6 and 6 a night....but we all know this is pre-season...where a lot of bench players gets loaded minutes...but i think its a nice improvement from his previous years...where in his rebounds are under 5
Can somebody tell me why Marvin Williams is still on this team, he is one, big, wasted body/contract.
my mistake he only had 8 pts....on 4-11 shooting....but the spike in rebounds is nice to see
Hayward was impressive with a stat line like that. I like what I saw tonight with the effort. It is only pre-season but still something worth seeing. I was back and forth at the first of the game to decide how we were going to be this year. When our bench came in and turned things around it gave me a boost in confidence. Let's hope we can be consistant and get better every game.
Go jazz!!! better as his confidence increases. Last years core 4 all looked awesome. Burks definitely deserves to start over Jefferson in my opinion but I know it is important to have some fire power coming off the bench. What I would like to see however, and I'm not a coach I just play one online, would be having either Burks or Ian Clark start at the 2 and have the other one come off the bench. I was disappointed that Clark only played 5 garbage minutes because I have high hopes for that guy. Evans was a monster and if he keeps that up he will be a weapon for the Jazz. Keep it up men!!
dumprake: Williams is still on this team because he exercised his player option. When the Jazz traded for him, they knew they would probably have him for two years. Personally I think he still has something to offer when he returns from injury. He's a class act on and off the court and he has some skills. He's not going to carry the Jazz to a championship but you can say that about anybody on the roster. Nobody is a top 25 player in the NBA.
All: I've been a naysayer all off-season and one preseason game isn't going to change my mind. But I saw some very pleasant and unexpected surprises last night:
- Great hustle and hard work
- Tremendous rebounding, particularly on the defensive end of the court. GS was one and out all night long.
- Great defense. Almost no points in the paint (GS spent all night shooting jumpers) and the strong interior defense allowed the perimeter defenders to stay home which made it hard for anybody to make those jumpers.
- Lucas. Not the same player I saw in Toronto.
- McGuire. Energy and hard work. Could be a poor man's DeMarre Carroll.
As stated, so far, so good. Burke is the one to watch. He is the mover and shaker.
I saw everything I've been predicting last night...hustle, defense,and everybody involved in the offense....Burke poerforming up to his capabilities....Hayward playing the epitome of the team game.....Kanter a beast under the boards....Favors guarding the paint....Evans proving he can do more than jump. It's only a pre-season game, but if they play them all like they played last night, they'll be in every game they play.
I hope the Jazz hierarchy, including Corbin, don't listen to those "wanna be coaches" Harpring and Bolerjack. Burke needs to be starting, with Lucas coming off the bench...not the converse of that....Don't lose sight of the fact that we are building here....Burke needs to get to know those guys, and those guys need to get to know Burke..... like Tony Parker, Tim Duncan, and Manu Ginobili know each other. That's how good teams are built.
I did NOT like Hayward and Burks splitting time at the 2...Sit Jefferson and start Burks.
Trey took 14 shots, last night. Stockton never averaged over 11.9 shots for his entire career.
@ gehelmke umm.. Corbin's line up obviously worked and you believe your line up is better?
Let's let the coach - coach?
This Jazz has very few offensive threats this year and points will be tough to come by until the guards learn how to play in the NBA.
I am more excited about the defense. All the guys on the floor are athletic and play great defense. Every shot underneath was contested and the Jazz got most of the rebounds on defense. Defense will keep Utah in games until the offense comes around.
It is easy to see that Trey Burke has talent but he can't jump over guys like he did in college. The Jazz will win 35 games this year.
Standard disclaimer: I realize it is only one pre-season game, at home.
I haven't been as excited for a season to start in many years and the Young Guns did not disappoint. In fact, they exceeded about every expectation I had and I have been very optimistic about their ability.
Is it too early to ask all the naysayers/haters to start eating crow?
That was the best team basketball I've seen the Jazz play in a very long time. Very enjoyable! How refreshing to see every player giving effort, playing defense, and most of all enjoying the game. I saw many more smiles on players faces than in the past couple of years.
No, they weren't perfect and there's a good chance they struggle to compete for a playoff spot (and, frankly, I hope they do) but they are going to be much better than most "experts" have predicted but they are going to be so enjoyable to watch and root for. GO JAZZ!
I, too, am incredibly excited by last night's game. It was a good start, understandably against a tired opponent; but, nonetheless, better than I expected and all I hoped it would be. Jeremy looked good, John Lucas impressed me (I wasn't familiar with him at all), Burks had nice energy, the biggies looked buff (Karl will make them even buffer), etc. I am totally back with my NBA-Jazz "fix" and look forward to many pleasant surprises under the radar. I hope the other teams look past the Jazz and we bite them in the backsides, surprising everybody!
Go Jazzboys! (Finally!!!)
Its preseason....
@ IndeMac:
Any time a team can score more than a hundred points a game, and especially while holding their opponent to under 80, I would have to say the points aren't as hard to come by as you're claiming. It's what the team does together as a whole that counts more than what individual players do.
Win or lose, this is going to be a fun team to watch. They play and compete hard and act hungry to compete. That's when it really gets fun. They did a lot of that in this game, which hopefully is a precurser to many more such games in the future.
Burkes is a stud and a class act for the way he handled his designated assignment of coming off of bench instead of starting. He comes across as a true team player when doing whatever is asked of him.
Unlike some of the more recent years, there will be multiple crowd favorites with this team. I'm now genuinely excited for this season.
If you think about it...and we hit the lottery...we would end up having a very young and athletic team...poised to go deep in the playoffs in a few years...Add Jabari Parker...we get a legit scoring threat...Hayward would be the utility guy...pretty much like AK but can shoot...we got Burke to man the point....and we have Kanter and Favors...and we seem to forget we have Ante Tomic's rights....if we cant convince him to play for utah...might as well trade his rights...for a pick....Burks as good as he is...i know he is better of starting....but to me...if we do get Jabari...Burks get first dibs of the bench and average 25-30 mins...as a 6th starter...and could backup both Hayward and Burke....and we still have Ian Clark...and Raul Neto coming in next year...i know that's a lot of youth...but the growing pains would be worth it...if this team gets chemistry and play as a team...its a risk worth taking...
Initially, probably like everyone else, I was upset about Burks coming off the bench. However if he can accept the role as 6th man, and be a Ginobili-type player for the jazz, that would be huge. Lets be honest, JL III isn't going to put up scoring numbers on a nightly basis and I would rather have Burks being the main scorer off the bench over Jefferson or Williams, but that is just me. The guy can just score and he is outstanding around the rim regardless of who is there defending him. I think he is better suited with the 2nd unit because he can have the ball in his hands, where he is at his best. Jefferson is better as a starter because he won't demand the ball and he can spread the floor with his 3pt shooting.
I am excited to see how the jazz progress this year...above all if they stress defense, then they'll be fine.
GO JAZZ!
@Kakashi, Everyone has given up on hopes of getting Tomic but Lindsey said in an interview on 1280 the zone earlier this year that they were going to be talking to him. I wonder how that turned out.
@dumprake, I wouldn't write Williams off just yet, he is a good player who played with a painful injury last year, he could turn out to be a nice surprise this year. Don't forget he is also a capable backup at power forward as well as small forward so could be a valuable player off the bench when he gets healthy.This product is no longer available.
You can try these similar gifts instead.
Travel Bug Magazine Art Print
Where was their most recent vacation? Was it to a great American city with their family? Was it to an exotic beach with the person they love? Take a picture from their travels and display it with this personalized print.They are not picky eaters at all--they will of course eat cucumbers, as their name suggests, but also squash and melons and even hawthorn leaves. I'm very protective of my Zephyr squash that's just starting to come in, so I've been vigilant about the beetles.
More than vigilant. More like a beetlecidal maniac. I prowl the rows, capturing and crushing. There are very few now, but I don't want them to make it to the point in their 6- to 9- week life cycle where they make more beetles. Only two showed themselves today, and both met quick deaths by squishing.
There seems to be some interesting research on drenching the soil with rhizobacteria, which simultaneously promotes plant growth and decreases the production of the phytochemical that encourages the beetles to feed. There are no innoculant blends yet, but it seems like such a great idea--stacking functions--to add beneficial bacteria to the soil and discourage beetles at the same time. There aren't any organic pesticides that are specific to the D.S.C.B. -- just broad spectrum pesticides that would kill beneficials too.
So for now it is prowl and squish. Wish me luck.Daily Tech - The Amazon Kindle eBook Reader Is Here
Like us on Facebook
- The Amazon Kindle costs $399 (includes free 2 day shipping) and offers access to 88,000 books — Engadget
- Singapore bans a video game for same sex alien make-out scene — Switched
- T-Mobile and Motorola temporarily pull the new Sidekick after confirming a power defect — Crave
- The first OSX Leopard update is now available — Apartment Therapy
- AT&T gets LG Vu, Sony Ericsson K850, and iPhone business edition? — The Boy Genius ReportLamborghini Reventon by Schwarze1
The 2008 Lamborghini Reventon, perhaps one of the most extravagant car designs to date.
- Take the time to do research and have yourself a library of reference pictures of the subject you're drawing. It gives you a good sense of how it's meant to look and just gets you more involved in what you are drawing.
- Be practical. You don't need the best quality stuff to produce good quality work.
- Thumbnail! just let your ideas loose on paper, without really thinking about details. Just getting that initial look to look good. You're better off spending 5 minutes fixing up a thumbnail than 30 mins finding a mistake in your final drawing halfway through.
- Some accidents can actually help make a drawing, so don't be too frantic.
- Look at the art that appeals to you and think about the elements of the drawing that make it work.
- Practice, Practice, Practice - best way to learn
That's some I know off the top of my head, but yeah, those are some important ones. Hope to see more of your work on here.
The design on the bottom is based from the pattern on the Reventon's seats and the type is in a plaque that is bolted on the car's centre console.
**jealousy ensues***
It just depends on how often and how long you have been drawing for. I've been drawing constantly for 12 years , so your mileage may vary.
But trust me, keep at it, and don't give up at what you can already do now.
Nice and smooth shading <;
it's a really nice car, it just looks so awesomely ridiculous. xD
But you've done it real justice in this drawing.
Nice work!
I'd be head-over-heels if I even get to sit in it
Thank you so much for commenting on my drawing.
Hehe, my friends and I were discussing our favourite cars, and one of the guys was saying how much he wanted a Lamborghini, coz they were fast.
Both the girls said they wanted a Toyota prius (which just takes the fun outta life, seriously)
then they turned to me, expecting a Mercedes or a BMW or something.
My reply? "A KOENIGSEGG!"
I reckon even the guys were surprised. xD
how long have you been drawing for?
your lines are smooth and beautiful.
i really want to see how you colour with coloured pencils.
beautiful car, beautiful job.
Yeah, I have to say that I'm more proficient in sketching because it helps me practice on drawing very smooth lines without the aid of rulers or any other instrument. Thanks for your comments.
The drawing is basically done in just using an HB pencil (rendering for bodywork) I am currently on the hunt for Smooth Bristol Boards and Prismacolor coloured pencils.
I will get around to posting something that is done in colour pencils someday.
You started when you were 3?
DDD:
I've probably only had like, 5 solid years of actually drawing/painting.
And then a year of photoshop XD
Bristol? Prismacolor... oh my.
I've been taught to use Derwent.
Hope to see those coloured pieces laters.
It was kinda hard to draw the car with all the different angles. But I have to say that it's an awesome car.important email C T X E for you to stare at
Expand Messages
- Financial analysis and stoock recommendation on stoocks taking off Investment tips and stocck recommendations helping to earn more
Laast seeveral dayys this stock was fallling ddown and it is time to bbuy now, because it is ggoing to explode on Fridaay. It is undderestimated greatly. You see the Voluume is incrreasing, that means investors bbuy cheaap sttock.
C T X E - CCANTEX _ENERGY_CORPP.
Check the stockk which is ready toexploode: C T X E . P K
CURRENT_PRRICE: $0.55
Expetced prcie at the end of the week: $1.0! stocck market analysis for beneficial cooperation
This sttock is greeatly rrecomended by agressive iinvestors in a short term.
Don't loose a chance to earnn. Brokerage info and insider data to boost stockk profits Climbing parameters of sttock booming and market growth
............................
A problem shared is a problem halved. Appearances are deceptive Opportunity seldom knocks twice. Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Be first at the feast, and last at the fight
Your message has been successfully submitted and would be delivered to recipients shortly.Los Angeles' Chris Paul (3) puts up a shot beside Oklahoma City's Kevin Durant (35)The Athletics are interested in Magglio Ordonez
Feb 4, 2012, 5:30 PM EDT
We.
- crisisjunky - Feb 4, 2012 at 6:00 PM
This is just a case of Magglio being Manny…..
(for like a month or so, until Manny can continue being Manny)
-
- ptfu - Feb 5, 2012 at 1:30 PM
This is all part of a new Moneyball type strategy of going for quantity in hopes of finding quality. Sign a lot of old guys cheaply who used to be good. Maybe you can wring some production out of one. Yeah, you’ll end up with a lot of failures but so what? Cut ’em and move on. If it works, you get some production for cheap. Plus you get veteran leadership (obviously doesn’t apply to Manny) for the kids on your roster.
Keep turning that roster over, Billy, and work your magic.
-
- alexo0 - Feb 4, 2012 at 6:22 PM
Former above average hitters who are past their primes and no other teams are interested in are the new market inefficiency.
-
- ricofoy - Feb 4, 2012 at 8:04 PM
Who is this imposter making these decisions for the A’s? Did the real Billy Beane get abducted by aliens?
-
- JBerardi - Feb 4, 2012 at 8:28 PM
The best GM in the world won’t make a bit of difference when ownership orders him to pair payroll back to whatever loose change they can be dug out of the clubhouse couches.
-
- ptfu - Feb 5, 2012 at 1:59 PM
Both of you, go read or watch “Moneyball” again. You’re having the same reactions that the book/movie describes so well.
-
- detroitcityryda - Feb 4, 2012 at 11:23 PM
Maggs can still play ,thanks for all the memories in the tiges jersey especially the walk off at comerica in the alcs . dude was a beast, all hail god though
-
- kgfugitive - Feb 4, 2012 at 11:42 PM
Bean won the lottery with Frank Thomas in ’06. Why not expect lightning to strike twice? It’s not like that penny pinching org has any other option.
-
- APBA Guy - Feb 5, 2012 at 12:15 AM
Completely depressing. Not even the Circus clown aspect to amuse us with.
-
- humanexcrement - Feb 5, 2012 at 11:51 AM
The A’s got lucky a few years ago and managed to squeeze one last good season out of Frank Thomas, and since then they’ve tried and failed with a succession of creaky-boned former sluggers. When will they learn? What is the maximum they could possibly get out of a guy like Ordonez, and what maximum effect could it possibly have on the standings? Might as well roll your money up and smoke it, Billy.
-
- cmrb1952 - Feb 6, 2012 at 11:35 PM
well, I think Maggs will something amazing this year. He has been determned to recver and come back to baseball. 38 is not that old, people. He had a bad year that wasn’t even that bad if his anklevwas healed rght. He seems to be doing a lot better with hs recovery this time.
He had a LOT of great years.
He could be very dangerous!!
GO MAGGS!!!
-
-)Google does good; a ‘PSR’ for suicide prevention
Looks like PSAs (public service announcements) are continuing the jump from old media to Google’s new media search-based world. In what can be called a PSR (public service result), Google has started displaying the national suicide prevention hotline phone number in response to search terms signaling possible suicidal intent. Doing a search on “suicide methods” or “I want to kill myself” results in a prominent red telephone with the suicide hotline number, regardless of what their trusted algorithms would otherwise have displayed.
Good for you Google, you did good. Real good. I must say I’m impressed: giving away prime real-estate to help people in unbearable pain is a smart good thing to do (just don’t let it go to your head—doing good is not the same as not doing evil and you are still evil).
But nothing is perfect and here are a couple of suggestions for improving this service:
1. Expand the range of search terms included.
For example, a search on “efficient suicide” does not result in the potentially life-saving red telephone (although “painless suicide” does). Google could even partner with researchers and clinicians to find actual data on what search terms were used by people who do try to kill themselves.
2. Vary the visuals that carry the message. People can obsess about suicide: picking at the idea over and over. For those online searchers trapped in repetitive loops of suicidal thinking there will likely be many, many searches. But when people encounter the same image over and over habituation sets in and the message get’s ignored. So, to be noticed it would help to have the message packaged with several different icons or looks.
3. Add the varying message to multiple pages. The current widget only shows on the first page of search results. Google should add it on all the pages, and in varying format, to make sure the message catches the eye of the people who need to see it.
The press attention has so far been deservedly positive, such as in the NY Times, the LA Times, and HuffPo. These reports also mention how this is Google’s second PSR: the first being a link to poison control in response to relevant search terms.
Let’s hope they don’t stop here. With Google becoming our default digital background comes responsibility. Making potentially life-saving information easily accessible independent of their algorithms is an important step towards fulfilling that responsibility. I wonder what other PSRs might be useful enough to be worth doing.
Any ideas?
[for those following the "A Clinical Portrait of Excessive Online Porn-Use" series, the fourth installment will be posted Friday]
Post your comment »
Post Your Comment
T/S Members
Log in with your True/Slant account.
Haven't Registered Yet?
Called-Out Comments All commentsKendall-Jackson Vintner's Reserve Merlot 2008
Merlot from Sonoma County, California
Winemaker's Notes
98.2%.
Critical Acclaim
Wine Enthusiast - "A fine, complex Merlot, appealing for its array of cherry, smoked meat, balsam, soy and pepper flavors. Shows lots of class and finesse for the price. Easy to find with production of more than 50,000 cases." Wine & Spirits - "This merlot overdelivers: wine with some class, the fruit maintaining firmness and tension the way a plump cherry is held within its ripe skin. Decant it to let the juicy black cherry flavors emerge from behind the caramel sweetness of oak.
Best Buy"Intricate.Inside This Issue
2014 Map the Meal Gap Report: New hunger data is in, and we’re analyzing what it means…
Spotlight: Western Maryland: Our branch in Hagerstown is on the move.
Beneath the Safety Net: We’re more than a food source for pantries, shelters, and kitchens across the state.
Spring Gleaning:Partnerships help get produce to families in need—fast!
In & Out: Summer Clubs take over where Supper Clubs leave off—making sure that no kids fall through the cracks.
Meet the New Website: Our new site is live and packed full of information!I use music a lot in my classes, especially with Beginning English Language Learners. When I search for lyrics on the Internet to songs I want to use, I can usually find them. However, most of these sites have incessant and obnoxious pop-up ads.
I’ve found a few sites that are less annoying and have placed links to them on my Teacher’s Page under Movies and Music For ESL.
There’s a new site added to that list. It’s called Lyrics Mode. It looks like they have a nice selection of lyrics — at least I was able to find ones to songs I like to use. It has the actual music to at least some, too. And it seems easy to use, with no annoying pop-ups.
January 22, 2008 at 11:00 am
This is just what I need, believe it or not — not for the classroom, but for my band () . I hate the pop-ups of other sites.
On this site, I just searched for a song that I want our band to learn () and found it easily enough, with video, too. Nice.
KevinOn 01/15/2013 12:33 AM, Toby Thain wrote: >> Transputers are cool. I've gotten two T800s wire-wrapped onto a >> preexisting SBC of mine, but haven't gotten it talking yet. (it's not >> difficult, I just have to get back to the project) > > Oh, man, if that were documented well, it could be exactly what I'm > looking for! I wouldn't mind building a replica of someone else's useful > design. It'll probably be spring or summer before I get back to it, but I'll get you all the info. It's not tough. In the meantime, I'd recommend picking up one or two of the IMSC011 link adapter chips that are sitting on eBay right now; you'll need one. -Dave -- Dave McGuire, AK4HZ New Kensington, PAApartment living can be tricky, and being that you're in close proximity to other people, it's an arrangement that's not without compromise. If you share a paper-thin wall with your neighbor, then noise is going to be a factor. Arguments, music, a blaring TV, they can all have the tendency to disrupt your sleeping patterns, or have you reaching to turn on the waterfall setting on the white noise machine. However, despite the fact there's always some curmudgeonly neighbor who wants to be able to hear a pin drop in their apartment, a certain amount of everyday noise is acceptable. Still, what can you do about noisy pets? While cats are known to tear up banisters and shred furniture, they're quiet pets. On the other hand, dogs bark, and barking can quickly become abrasive, especially if the neighbor's hound is howling at the moon in the middle of the night.
A Pet-Free Apartment
While there are often restrictions on the size or breed of dog you can have in an apartment complex, many places allow pets. There are even designated common areas where people are allowed to walk their dogs. This is the bottom line: If you're worried about having to deal with a kennel-like apartment of noisy pets, then don't move into an apartment that allows pets in the first place. There are plenty of apartments out there that don't allow pets. Of course, instead of a yappy poodle, you might have to block out the noise from a bass-heavy stereo or a 2 a.m. argument. Who knows? When it comes to apartment living, neighbors are always a wild card.
Sit, Talk, Stay
When you're dealing with the ongoing noise of a neighbor's pet, the last thing you want to do is pack up and move. Before you lodge a complaint with the landlord or resort to the un-neighborly move of calling the police, try talking to your neighbor. In other words, explain the problem to them in a non-confrontational way. Is the neighbor even aware their pet is noisy, or are they at work during the time that Fido is making a ruckus? These are the types of things that need to be discussed at length. Some neighbors will be receptive to complaints, while others are bound to get combative and defensive. If your complaints don't register the first time around, try talking to them again. However, if a couple of conversations don't prove fruitful, then it's time to lodge a formal complaint with the landlord.
While carpets and curtains are known to be used to cut down on apartment noise, chances are unless you have a soundproof wall, the sound of a barking dog (or even the squawk of a tropical bird) is going to find its way into your apartment. However, once the landlord is made aware of the problem, your neighbor will probably do everything in their power to quiet their pet. Too many complaints from too many people can result in a resident being evicted.Surely I’m not the only one who is really excited about Matthew Williamson’s menswear capsule collection. The creative designer is going deep into color and vintage throwback patterns like bold geometrics and paisley on scarves, sweaters, and t-shirts. London, New York, and Dubai are getting his initial capsule collection in next month. [via selectism]">
Spouses/Children:
Maud Sarah Melinda BOVETT
Richard married Maud Sarah Melinda BOVETT, daughter of George Walter BOVETT and Sarah Jane LAWRENCE, on 20 Feb 1918 in Plymouth, Devonshire, England 833,886.,887 (Maud Sarah Melinda BOVETT was born in 1899 in Plymouth, Devonshire, England 888.)
This site is a member of WebRing.
To browse visit
here.
Home | Table of Contents | Surnames | Name List
This Web Site was Created 29 Jun 2014 with Legacy 8.0 from MillenniaOne of the major pillars of the James Bond mythology was missing from the first two (pretty fantastic) movies featuring Daniel Craig as Bond. In the upcoming Skyfall, that will be remedied as we Q is set to rejoin us. Bond’s go-to guy for all the cool gadgets the spy is known for will now played by British actor (and Craig’s Layer Cake co-star) Ben Whishaw.
Producers Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli commented: “It’s a real thrill to confirm the return of Q in SKYFALL played by the enormously talented, Ben Whishaw. We are delighted to have this beloved character back in the series.”
I really dig that Q is back. I don’t think he will be as gimmicky as the previous incarnations were as the series is a lot more serious this time. I have a feeling it will be more of a dry, subtle British humour take on things which works for me as well.
Skyfall opens October 26 in Europe and November 9 in the U.S.
About The Film
Bond’s loyalty to M is tested as her past comes back to haunt her. As MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost.
Discussion — 4 ResponsesBurke Talks Jobs In La Crosse Thursday
The Coulee Region Business Center has been helping small companies get
started for decades...and sometimes, candidates who want a boost at election time go to the center, too.
Mary Burke, Democratic candidate for governor, stopped at businesses inside the center yesterday. Burke says it's important to give entrepreneurs some help in making their business ideas come to fruition:
Burke actually did buy one of those dog hair removers before leaving the incubator on Thursday.Megan McArdle points out that the thought that one can have innovative pharmaceutical companies delivering new drugs at low cost under government direction is a fantasy. You can have lower costs, perhaps—though the military procurement process is hardly encouraging—but you cripple innovation, slowing progress against disease.
Archive for January, 2008
Drug-induced fantasies
Posted in economics, liberty, tagged medicine, pharmaceuticals on January 31, 2008 | Leave a Comment »
Naming the Enemy
Posted in liberty, philosophy, Religion, terrorism, war, tagged Islam, jihad, liberty, terrorism, war on January 31, 2008 | 3 Comments »
George Weigel names the enemy, and asks why so many are so unwilling to do the same:.
He has a suggestion: we must fight philosophically as well as militarily:.
Islam and Democracy
Posted in Politics, Religion, tagged culture, democracy, Islam on January 31, 2008 | Leave a Comment »
Shrinkwrapped takes a balanced look at some deep and disturbing questions about the compatibility of Islam and democracy, and notes the complexity of the issues involved. Cultural as well as religious issues seem important to this question. Islam in Indonesia and in East Africa has, setting aside recent radical influences, seemed to evolve in relatively peaceful directions, while Islam in most Arab countries has generally been accompanied by tyranny and aggression. In some places and times, Islam has been a religion of peace; in others, it has been and continues to be a religion of war. Since 1973, the latter places have had the resources to cause trouble on a global scale, and that doesn’t seem likely to change anytime soon.
Hawaiian Censorship
Posted in liberty, tagged censorship, freedom of speech on January 31, 2008 | 1 Comment »
Michelle Malkin publishes the cartoon that the state of Hawaii is trying to ban. Why, by the way, are Clinton, Obama, and McCain all supporting a movement that threatens democracy in Hawaii?
European Intolerance
Posted in Equality, Religion, tagged discrimination, Equality, gay rights, tolerance on January 30, 2008 | Leave a Comment »
Bruce Bawer reports on the growing intolerance of gays throughout Europe.
Do Christian Leaders Believe in Christianity Anymore?
Posted in Religion, tagged Religion on January 28, 2008 | 3 Comments »
Bruce Thornton analyzes a response to Muslim leaders that seems to indicate that Christian leaders don’t believe in their own religion anymore, or at least aren’t willing to defend it or the civilization that it spawned.
In Light of the Last Post….
Posted in Religion, tagged Religion on January 28, 2008 | Leave a Comment »
A quote from Kierkegaard, Fear and Trembling:.”Karl: > It would be of help to know what kind of computer and which Modem? I > hope the Modem is a serial port type. Why would the kind of computer matter for this? It's an IBM Aptiva (a tower). The modem is a Diamond (I think SupraExpress) V.90 ? (just below a V.92), serial. Antonio: > Could you try to use wvdial to dialout? It'll be Christmas till I get to that machine again. > /etc/wvdial.conf looks like this: > [snip] > Then add your username/password and be set. I have to create that file (with an editor) - yes? Ric: > If you're running KDE kppp works great. I'm a gnomite. :) > I use it all the time. Keep in > mind that your init string is the single most important line to edit > properly. hmmm ... I was wondering if I need to put something in there (it's blank). In troubleshooting, I tried 'at', but that gave an error.After four years of waiting, two New Orleans men are finally on the verge of receiving compensation for a wrongful murder conviction that sent both to Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola for 27 years.
Greg Bright, 55, and Earl Truvia, 52, filed for compensation in 2007, but had not seen any progress until Tuesday morning when Orleans Parish Criminal District Court Judge Robin Pittman signed their compensation request.
Bright and Truvia are now entitled to $190,000 apiece -- $150,000 in standard wrongful conviction compensation and $40,000 in loss of life claims, though the money has to be allocated by the Legislature before they can collect.
"We're all very happy this struggle is almost over," said Kristin Wenstrom, New Orleans Innocence Project attorney and counsel for Bright and Truvia in Tuesday's proceedings. "But, no one won the lottery today. No one would ever trade 27 years for any amount of money."
When their petition was filed in 2007 the Louisiana statute required that applications be filed in the 19th Judicial District Court in Baton Rouge. But, during the same year, the statute changed to its current requirement, which calls for filing in the district of conviction. After lengthy change of venue proceedings, the petition settled in the jurisdiction of Orleans Parish in 2009.
Since the change, the state attorney general's office -- the state's representation in wrongful conviction compensation cases -- claimed Bright and Truvia failed to properly serve notice to the office and contested their compensation application.
In what Wenstrom claimed to be a surprise move, the attorney general filed an answer Tuesday to grant Bright and Truvia full compensation without contest.
"After reviewing the petition and the supplemental application for compensation, without comment as to the facts, the state has no objection to the petitioners application for compensation under the statute," read a statement by the attorney general's office.
The office declined to comment further as to why it dropped its claim.
Under state law, wrongfully convicted citizens who can properly show their conviction has been reversed or vacated and have been cleared as factually innocent can apply for compensation. This compensation amounts to $15,000 per year for up to 10 years incarcerated, as well as loss of life expenses, which compensates for lost education time, job skill training and other opportunities missed due to imprisonment.
Louisiana ranks as the third lowest in the country for the amount compensated to those wrongfully convicted.
Petitioners must file in the district of original conviction and, following a court ruling, must then submit their claim to the state Legislature so funds can be set-aside in the state budget.
Bright and Truvia must now petition the Legislature before the state budget is ruled on in the current session or wait until the next regular session.
The two men were convicted in 1976 of the murder of 15-year-old Eliot Porter the previous Halloween. They were given mandatory life sentences, but in 2001 the Innocence Project took up their case. The organization discovered the men were victims of a bad defense attorney and beneficial evidence that was never presented to the jury.
In 2003, after their sentences were overturned by a judge and charges thrown out by the Orleans Parish District Attorney's Office, Bright and Truvia walked out of prison free men.
At Tuesday's court appearance, Bright said he was approached by someone representing the attorney general's office and given an apology for everything that had happened. Bright would not disclose the man's name, but said the man claimed to be motivated to become a better prosecutor after coming to understand Bright's story.
"That moved me more than the money ever could," Bright said. "I never received any type of apology from the state before. He understood that the money was just a drop in the bucket for me and my family."
••••••••
Jake Clapp can be reached at jclapp@timespicayune.com or 985.898.4833One Day in Pompeii at the Franklin Institute
Interactive exhibition exploring the ancient volcanic disaster
One Day in Pompeii exhibition at the Franklin Institute. Credit: Franklin Institute
Description
Dates:
November 9, 2013–April 27, 2014
Overview
Experience the fateful day of an ancient Roman City during One Day in Pompeii, the latest exhibition at the Franklin Institute.
Making its Northern American debut, the interactive exhibition examines the lives of the residents of Pompeii both before and after the massive eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 A.D.
The sudden disaster preserved parts of Pompeii in volcanic ash including roads, buildings, mosaics and even city residents eerily frozen in their final moments. Since the site’s rediscovery and excavation more than 250 years ago, Pompeii has offered an ever-evolving glimpse into everyday life during the height of the Roman Empire.
The exhibition features more than 150 authentic artifacts on loan from the collection of the Naples National Archaeological Museum. Projections, audio and video displays will offer visitors a chance to explore city locations including the market, a temple and baths.
In addition to fascinating artifacts, the exhibition allows visitors to experience the deadly impact of Mount Vesuvius with a simulated CGI eruption.
Tickets & Hours
Timed and dated tickets for One Day in Pompeii on the following days:
Sunday-Wednesday: 9:30 a.m.–5 p.m. (last entry at 3:30 p.m.)
Thursday-Saturay: 9 a.m.–9 p.m. (last entry at 7:30 p.m.)
Daytime Admission:
Includes general admission to The Franklin Institute and one Fels Planetarium show.
Adults: $27.50
Children (3-11): $21.50
Evening Admission:
Includes admission to Pompeii only. Available Thursday-Saturday after 5 p.m.
Adults: $18.00
Children: $11.00 (ages 3-11)
Advance ticket purchase is strongly recommended. Call (215) 448-1200 or use the button below to purchase tickets online.
Details
222 North 20th Street
Philadelphia, PA 19103
(215) 448-1200
Website
In the neighborhood
Accommodations
Sheraton Philadelphia Downtown Hotel
201 N. 17th Street
(17th and Race Streets)
Philadelphia, PA 19103
(215) 448-2000
Website
- Four Seasons Philadelphia
- Embassy Suites Philadelphia – Center City
- Sonesta Hotel Philadelphia
- The Windsor Suites Philadelphia
- Le Méridien Philadelphia
- View more hotels
Museums & Attractions
The Awesome Fest
2601 Benjamin Franklin Parkway Philadelphia, PA 19130
Website
- Clothespin
- The World Is an Apple:
The Still Lifes of Paul Cézanne
- Making A Classic Modern:
Frank Gehry’s Master Plan for
the Philadelphia Museum of Art
- Washington Monument
- Yinka Shonibare MBE: Magic Ladders
at the Barnes Foundation
- Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
- Sister Cities Park
- Philadelphia Museum of Art
- Monument to Six Million Jewish Martyrs
- View more attractions
Restaurants & Dining
The Fountain Restaurant
1 Logan Square
Philadelphia, PA 19103
(215) 963-1500
Website
- McCrossen’s Tavern
- The Barnes Foundation
- The Comcast Experience HD Video Wall – Comcast Center
- Kelliann’s Bar & Grill
- Campus Philly CollegeFest
- Sabrina’s Café & Spencer’s Too
- West Tavern
- Made In America Music Festival
- Dilworth Park
- View more Restuarants & Dining
-[ MSU Warns Students of Phone Scam By Erin Schattauer January 29, 2015 Montana State University Police issued a warning today about a phone scam targeting MSU students. Read More Category: Bozeman News, Newsletter Tags: bozeman, montana, montana state university, scam Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!A day after British newspapers reported the story of a young Iranian gay man who was denied asylum because he faced certain death upon return to Iran, the Home Office denied asylum to an Iranian lesbian. Pegah Emambakhsh fled to England after her lover was arrested by Tehran police and reports indicate her partner faces the possibility of being stoned to death. Under the Iranian Punishment Act, lesbians found guilty of sexual relations can be sentenced to 100 lashes. But, for a third offence, the punishment is execution.
In turning down the request of Ms. Emambakhsh, the Home Office said that provided Iranians are discreet about their homosexuality, they will not be persecuted! The Netherlands and Germany have announced a moratorium on all deportations involving gay and lesbian Iranians. Omar Kuddus, of Gay Asylum UK asked: “How many more young Iranians have to die before the British govrnment takes action?”
What has happened to the generous spirit of Great Britain to those who are persecuted in other lands? How can a government agency utter the completely ridiculous statement that if one is “discreet” then death will not be forthcoming? The Labor Government of Great Britain was founded by men and women who were dedicated to the concept of freedom for all people not just in their own land, but all over the world. Something has happened to the Labor government and its spiritual values.Who Was the Third Ari at the ‘Entourage’ Premiere?
Guys named Ari were everywhere (relatively speaking) at Tuesday night’s premiere party for the new season of “Entourage,” which took place at New York City’s American Museum of Natural History.
Jeremy Piven, who plays hard-driving Hollywood agent Ari Gold, was in attendance. So was Ari Emanuel, the real-life Tinseltown dealmaker on whom the character is based.
But there a third Ari — a mystery Ari, if you will — also living it up at the party. He was hanging out, in fact, with “Entourage” executive producer Mark Wahlberg, who also invited a number of childhood friends.
The Shmooze hasn’t yet figured out the connection between the third Ari — Rabbi Ari Shapiro is his full name — and “Entourage.” But given his first name, we imagine he fit right in.On Monday 08 December 2003 11:20, Arafat Medini wrote: > > Your... That's a little funny. We all know what they meant by these names. Anyway, I wouldn't mind if they used them in the condition that they show enough respect for those names (i.e. not using them as a game character the player controls ..etc) >... > Agreed, and anyway I once saw in the official Civilization site some history notes and they were really honest (original Civilization game makers) only that they give a few fake pictures for the prophet and Abo Bakr Al-Seddeek that is hand drawn I think. -- Mohammed Yousif We _will_ restore OUR Jerusalem.Sheraton Lisle Hotel
No availability found through our partners. Please contact the business directly or check some of our recommended alternatives.
- " src="" alt="Hyatt Place Chicago/Naperville/Warrenville" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Extended Stay America - Chicago - Naperville - East" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Travelodge Naperville" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="SpringHill Suites By Marriott Chicago Naperville / Warrenville" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="HYATT house Chicago/Naperville/Warrenville" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Days Inn Naperville" class="accom_photo">
How has this hotel rated in the past?
Location
Amenities
- Suites
- Shuttle bus service
- Room service
- Swimming pool
- Restaurant
- Free High-Speed Internet
Photos of Sheraton Lisle Hotel
Travelers also recommend:
-
-
- More recommendations
TripAdvisor Reviews Sheraton Lisle Hotel
Travel Blogs from Lisle
Revisiting familiar haunts
... chips with a dipping sauce were provided free of charge to accompany the drinks. A highlight for me was the Peruvian corn which accompanied a couple of the dishes - the kernels were larger, paler and sweeter than regular corn, with a nuttier texture. We declined the offer of dessert or coffee, and returned to the apartment in time to watch the Chicago Blackhawks win the 5th game of the Stanley Cup playoffs; the score is now 3-2 in favour of the LA ...
On the Trail of the Elusive Pygmy Hippoo
... or divorces or just enjoying a night on the town. JD ordered me a Long Island Iced Tea, which was our beverage of choice when we used to visit Jimmy’s Bar in Peoria back in college. When the cocktail arrived it was in a three-foot tall glass and probably contained enough alcohol to sink a ship (or at least make you feel like you were on a sinking ship). We drank about half of it between the two of us and left the rest for the bachelorettes.
Sunday was ...
Here's To Status
... the forecast for the next day was for colder weather and hotels close to the airport were booked solid. We were first booked on a flight to Phoenix provided that we could retrieve our checked bags from a particular baggage holding site for cancelled flights. While I went off to get the bags my wife remained with the agent to get the new printed boarding passes. Within a minute of my retrieving the luggage, I got a call from my wife where informing me that the ...
Planes
... get something stitched on it. When I told him what I wanted I then had to explain all over again. Thankfully he was a White Sox fan (I had a 50/50 chance) so he completely understood where the phrase came from and totally agreed with it. I suppose if he hadn't agreed I would've only had one person to blame #StupidPhegley.
After I had the cap done I decided to grab a bite to eat and as I wasn't too far away I decided to grab another 'Cheezborger' at ...
Cultured in Chicago
... to midday, pre-game drinks out on the patio with the girls from last night, who decided to join us in the participation of America’s Favourite Past-time. The experience was awesome, a fun game that requires minimal attention and allows for plenty of banter, eating and drinking. A fruitful day of nacho’s, helmets, big fingers, getting on the big screen (twice) and fireworks… Sox win!!
After a delicious Chinese dinner at Dee’s with the girls we continue ...Killer Brown Gravy
6!!TAMPA Following a first half during which it shot a dismal 10-of-36 from the floor and committed 10 turnovers, No. 7-ranked Texas Tech needed a spark coming out of the locker room Friday.
Senior forward Keitha Dickerson was up to the challenge.
Dickerson scored 14 of her team-high 16 points in the second half, including eight during a 10-2 run starting the half in the Lady Raiders' 60-44 victory against South Florida before 425 in the USF Sun Dome.
Dickerson also grabbed 14 rebounds, marking her second consecutive double-double and fifth of the season.
''Well, Keitha is really consistent for us,'' Texas Tech head coach Marsha Sharp said. ''She had 16 points and 14 rebounds, and that has been a consistency for us.
''We are excited to get the win. I think we knew that South Florida was a really athletic team and, particularly on the defensive end of the floor, can do some nice things.''
The victory gives the Lady Raiders (8-0 overall) their best start in program history, topping the 7-0 mark of the 1984-85 team.
Forward Aleah Johnson scored 14 points and grabbed six rebounds for Tech.
Freshman Plenette Pierson was held to eight points, marking the first time this season she has not scored in double figures.
Monica Echeverria led the Bulls with 16 points and nine rebounds.
Holding a slim 23-21 advantage at halftime, the Lady Raiders stormed out to a 33-23 lead with 10:52 remaining in the game.
South Florida (7-1) answered with a 6-1 run, cutting the lead to 34-29 with 9:27 to play, but the Bulls would not get any closer.
''We came out and tried to step up and accept the challenge,'' Dickerson said. ''We know that we struggled in the first half, and in order for us to win we all had to come out with a different look on our faces and go to war.''
The Lady Raiders buckled down on the defensive end in the second half, and limited the Bulls to just 10-of-27 shooting.
Additionally, USF shot 2-of-11 from behind the 3-point arc and the free throw line.
''They were putting pressure on us, and they were extremely athletic,'' USF head coach Jerry Ann Winters said. ''This was perhaps the most athletic team we will face all year long. They have speed and quickness at almost every position most of the time on the floor with very few exceptions.
''In the second half we came out and we didn't play hard on the defensive end and didn't convert shots on the offensive end. How are you supposed to beat the No. 7 team in the country if you cannot do those things?''
Sharp said Tech's defense, which forced USF into 27 turnovers, has been the constant this season.
''I think something that did remain constant for us was our defense,'' she said. ''To be able to force 27 turnovers and hold someone to 38 percent was our strength obviously and it has been all year. We continue to control things on that end of the floor for us, and it's the reason we were able to win.''
It seemed as if neither team wanted to remain unbeaten in the first half.
Trailing 5-0, Tech scored its first basket with 16:37 to play, starting a 19-2 run that put the Lady Raiders up 19-7 with 10:52 to play in the half.
But the Bulls countered with a 12-0 spurt, tying the game at 19 as Tech went more than nine minutes without a field goal.
Dickerson said the team got complacent during those moments in the first half.
''We just stood around a lot,'' she said. ''When things aren't going our way we tend to do that. That won't get us very far. We know we just have to keep working hard and eventually shots will fall and we will get on a run.''
The Lady Raiders next play at Central Florida Sunday.
Sharp said the offensive efficiency needs to improve for her team to continue to grow.
''I think this may be the best defensive team I've ever coached,'' she said. ''The challenge we have right now is to make our offense match that. I think we are athletic enough on that and if we can get on the same page offensively and make decisions I really think we have a chance to be good. Right now we have a lot of work to do there and it is something we have to
address.''
Lubbock Avalanche-Journal © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThe Summer Waves 2014 discount tickets can be found online. The coupon codes for Summer Waves discount promo code is a savings of $10 per ticket. The cheap Summer Waves coupon will discount the price by half.
The Summer Waves Summer waves Discounts Coupon Codes for Waterpark Discount Tickets are the best offer
Summer Waves Discounts 2014 Tickets. Promo Code OffersLearn something new every day
More Info... by email
Business copywriting is the process of developing advertisements and informative articles for different types of goods and services. Professionals who write copy come up with creative, original slogans and ideas on how to grab the attention of the general public. Copywriters usually specialize in generating advertisements for print publications, websites, television commercials, or radio broadcasts. A large corporation might hire a team of business copywriting experts to create advertisements regarding the various products and services offered by the company. The majority of professional writers, however, work at private consulting firms or provide contracted freelance services to many different clients.
A writer first communicates with clients or company executives to get a general idea of what is expected in an advertisement. He or she may be asked to come up with a simple, catchy slogan or construct an entire brochure or educational pamphlet on a certain good or service, such as a travel cruise. Writers frequently go through several drafts before perfecting their ideas and getting them down on paper. Flexibility and patience, therefore, are extremely important in business copywriting.
Many copywriters, especially those who create online and print advertisements, are engaged in other aspects of an advertising campaign. A professional may be asked to design an entire Internet banner or website, which involves not only clever writing but also detailed computer programming and visual editing. The copywriter must understand what types of colors, graphics, and sounds are most likely to capture the attention of an Internet user and persuade him or her to click on an advertisement.
Some highly skilled business copywriters create commercial scripts for television and radio broadcasts. A copywriter usually conducts research about the type of product or service that is being offered and speaks with managers or representatives from the broadcasting company to develop a concept. Based on the company's wishes, a writer might construct witty dialogue, create a funny or embarrassing situation, or provide detailed, serious information. Business copywriting for radio and television usually involves the input of several writers, audio and video editors, and advertising managers to create successful, entertaining campaigns.
An individual who is interested in business copywriting can pursue many different educational and training paths to enter the field. Most professional copywriters hold college degrees in journalism, advertising, communications, or other related fields. Many new writers begin their careers as freelancers, where they may exclusively write copy or broaden their services to include article composition, editing, fiction and nonfiction writing, or grant proposals. Individuals who find employment at consulting firms or large companies usually enjoy many advancement opportunities with enough time and experience. Successful business copywriters often pursue careers as advertising or public relations managers.
One of our editors will review your suggestion and make changes if warranted. Note that depending on the number of suggestions we receive, this can take anywhere from a few hours to a few days. Thank you for helping to improve wiseGEEK!The slasher film, arguably the horror subgenre most susceptible to endemic sequelitis and its viewers to a repetition-induced rash. With 12 Jasons, 9 Freddies and even a quadrilogy of Slumber Party Massacres, do we so much gasp “Don’t go in there!” anymore as state with a certain matter-of-factness, “Goin’ in there are ya? Fine”? There are exceptions of course.
”Black Christmas” (1974) is one of the original North American slashers, a Canadian production featuring now knownsilent Canuck talent Margot Kidder (”Superman”), Andrea Martin (of Canada’s “SCTV” fame) and Romeo and Juliet’s Olivia Hussey as Jess, the “final girl.” In Christmas, she finds herself tormented through the telephone lines by a psychopath who babbles in multiple personalities. He takes shelter in the attic of the girls’ sorority house in the opening minutes, above their heads and under their pretty noses. What better home-base from which to call them, then pick them off, one by one.
The film contains a bucket full of slasher movie tropes more popularly attributed to John Carpenter’s ”Halloween” despite Christmas being made four years earlier. But other films that pre-date even Christmas, such as those of splatter-maestro Hershell Gordon Lewis (”Blood Feast”, 1963) and Mario Bava (”Twitch of the Death Nerve”, 1971), have also guided the genre. Regardless, we now know these tropes in our sleep: the ensemble of young female victims, the stalking camera lens, the heavy breathing and the ever-tardy local authorities. Just out of the nick of time they come-a-runnin. “A Nightmare on Elm Street” actor John Saxon pre-peats his role in Christmas as the hard-jawed police chief. He’s brought into the story after the first of the group, the innocent Claire, goes missing. Her father is very concerned. This isn’t like her at all, and by nightfall a search party is sent about the town. Who would have thought though that she sits so close, cold in a rocking chair just beneath the roof. No one does, but it plays as a completely believable omission and has to for the story to work.
Christmas differs from many of its peers in one important way: we learn next to nothing about this lunatic. His face, his motive, even his one true voice is kept largely a secret. As it turns out, there is a reason for this; it unfolds in the second half, but until then our imaginations are free to do that unnerving thing that they do. From ”Psycho” to ”’Jaws” to “Psycho” to ”The Texas Chainsaw Massacre”, it’s hard to protect yourself as a viewer when you don’t know what you’re dealing with. The film is also unique for its kind in that it is hanky-panky free. Not that it wasn’t on screenwriter Roy Moore’s mind. The sex is delivered in dialogue form only, occasionally through the calls but mostly through the character of Barb (an effective Kidder), the token perv, and her death is the grisliest of the lot. A dirty mind begets an even dirtier demise – another slasher convention is born. But does it all work? Absolutely. “If this movie doesn’t make your skin crawl…It’s On Too tight!” goes one of the film’s many tag lines and ”Black Christmas” lives up to the promise, without the gore expected by today’s filmgoers and without a villain using a signature mask or weapon. What it does have, and exploit well by director Bob Clark (”A Christmas Story”, ”Porky’s”), is a simple idea that most of us have at least considered in our minds – that someone else is in the house. If you live alone, possess a ladder-accessible attic or deep closets…this might not be the movie for you.
Now here’s another simple idea – Santa punishes the naughty…with an axe. It belongs to ”Silent Night, Deadly Night”, a movie that fails on almost every level save motherhood, having given birth to four sequels I probably won’t be subjecting myself to. The film was controversial even before its release, for obvious reasons. Its television spots depicted Saint Nick in ways that would likely disturb children and/or necessitate family counselling. The TV ads were pulled and then not long into its theatrical run, the film itself. For what it’s worth (nothing), it outgrossed Wes Craven’s original ”Elm Street” on its opening weekend (according to Wikipedia).
The story: Christmas Eve, 1971. Young Billy and his parents make the long drive to visit Grandpa at a Utah mental facility. The old man is unresponsive at first, but when left alone with his grandson he comes alive to pass on a piece of festive advice. “You see Santa Claus tonight, you better run boy! You better run for your life!” Thanks Gramps. We never see him again, but his warning comes to pass on the drive home. Billy’s parents are murdered by a thief masquerading as Mr. Ho Ho, psychologically scarring the youngster into believing that Santa will violently punish the wicked. The years that follow in a strict Catholic orphanage only hammer home the point that “Punishment is necessary. Punishment is good.” Words from the Mother Superior naturally, a ruler-smacking tyrant naturally. Already you can see where this is going. By the time Billy (Robert Brian Wilson) is old enough to strike out on his own, he has all the makings of a psychopath.
The story lazily gestures towards certain social issues (violence shaping personality, the implications of child rearing), but Silent Night has no greater aspiration than a hockey goon’s, to bludgeon the audience with one simple, meat-fisted, juvenile promise, in the film’s case to show Kris Kringle spilling blood. The performances are at times unintentionally laughable and not helped by scenes that suddenly abandon the genre. My favorite example shows actor Wilson playing the dutiful stockboy (in a toy store no less) in a musical montage better suited for a Chris Farley movie. Billy moves a box. Billy helps a customer. Billy assembles a Mr. Potato Head. This shows that Billy wants to be good. Good, but the problem here is that once he finally cracks (he’s asked to play Santa), he’s a villain with bells but no mystery. His actions are reprehensible, even disgusting, but not frightening in the least because we know him too well (and because Wilson is scary like a candycane).
Finally, the film is visually dull. Compare with Christmas, which had a comparable budget but far more interest in utilizing the tools of cinema to envelope the viewer: shaped lighting, discriminating focus, teasing shadows and those all important silences. ”Silent Night”’s creative palate again proves that “bad Santa” is all it has. The film is artless, pointless and even for an exploitation genre, tasteless. In one scene, a young girl is approached by Santa/Billy after he’s killed the guardian and her boyfriend. He asks her if she’s been naughty or nice and reaches into his pocket for a box cutter. We’re meant to think that he’ll kill her if he’s given the wrong answer. When she finally responds “good” he hands her the bloody cutter as a gift. Film critic Gene Siskel took the filmmakers to task for this scene and the film in aggregate. “You people have nothing to be proud of even if you made a few bucks off of all the negative publicity.” I’d have to agree.
And the “winner” is: Black Christmas
Google+
YouTube
RSSComment: Re:Persistence is not omnipotent. (Score 1) 385
Yep. The inability to perform adequate self-assessment lies at the core of Dunning-Krueger.
Yep. The inability to perform adequate self-assessment lies at the core of Dunning-Krueger.
REAMDE was a little hard to get through, but that's because he jump-cuts more abruptly and in a shorter fashion, with fewer details, than other books. Still a great story and the big cat near the end was utterly satisfying......
Loved the Baroque Cycle to death, but then I love big, picky books. Thomas Hardy is not my enemy....
I've read Anathem several times and have enjoyed it a lot, the internal contradictions notwithstanding. The lack of explanation of the interaction between the cloistered and common worlds rang a bit false - I'd like to have seen some more concrete stuff - but it's a great space opera. And the last hundred and fifty pages are just plain fun.....
+ another one for Redmine. Works pretty well, easy to customize, relatively clear, and sends a bunch of email to ensure that relevant parties see updates.
Don't you mean DMSO?
The controllers for guitar games are kind of lame.....
I'd like to see a real instrument as a controller, with wired frets etc; that way you could practice while playing the game, and actually learn something while gaming.
Ken Macleod's The Night Sessions deals with AIs and religion, and it's a bit unnerving, because the AIs in the book interpret scripture in ways that are clearly at variance with what was expected by those proselytizing to those AIs. It tacitly makes the point that no one can really identify an AI's motivations, as they're inherently different from human minds and consequently have drives of which we're not necessarily aware.
(plus it's a rollicking good read - all of Macleod's SF work is)
P=NP
Yep. I have had to fight with them on so many levels, in both personal and professional settings; they were bad actors. They've brought regulation on themslelves because they've done bad things and then they've tried to shut down discussion of the issue while stonewalling any form of redress. I can't wait for them to become a utility, as in France, where the speeds to the curb are a damn sight faster than here in the Valley....
...and painters and interior decorators often need to be represented by a licensed contractor.
LIcensing is a relatively low-impact way of vetting businesses - a business that lacks certification often will cut corners elsewhere as well.
Typical libertarian 'the market will decide' twaddle. What they miss is that by the time the market decides - if it does, which is somewhat of a gamble - real harms will already have been done, and redress may not be possible.
Naah, the 1%-libertarians would just whine that the regulation that doesn't allow you to poison others without sanction constitutes prior restraint.
Comcast will suddenly get religion and actually start providing the speeds they advertise....
Even if Boeing stopped building 747 variants tomorrow, they'd be around for ages. They're the mainstay for long-haul travel, and dwindling sales probably are more related to market saturation - as in, there are enough in the air now to meet current demand - than any inherent shortcoming in the design.
I suspect that there are more refinements to come - it's just too useful an airframe to discard. It may take Boeing a bit to roll in some of the working dreamliner tech but it seems reasonable that they'd try to do that when time and demand permit.
SharkNebula, now on SyFy!
The world is no nursery. - Sigmund FreudThank you, Tim Tebow. If you used to drop on one knee and pray to Jesus Christ, you were some sort of freak. Tim, you "mainstreamed it". Thanks.
Thank you, Eli Manning, for reminding us that a "Hail Mary" every now and then won't kill us. It might even change the course of the game.
3 comments:
how appropriate!
It's amazing how many sports celebrities and announcers complained about the attention Tebow got for his praise of God. Seems the same don't complain as much with the display of unsportsmanlike conduct or arrogant "rubbing it in the face" not to mention just plain stupid displays of individual celebration when their whole team is woefully behind in the score. In fact, it is often praised and replayed. Where is the complaints then? It was refreshing to hear a Christian stand up for himself and say I'm not just a Christian at church; it is who I am everywhere at every time! He's a winner and a hero in my eyes no matter what the scoreboard says!
Tim Tebow's kneeling is so much less offensive that the language on many pro athletes.by Mariana Dale
In the past year the food bank has experienced a 10 percent increase in requests for help than the previous 12 months.
But you—yes you, right there!—can help out on this Thursday, Nov. 15. The Community Food Bank of Southern Arizona is hosting their annual "Thanksgiving on the Mayflower" event at the Sprouts (formerly known as Sunflower Market) parking lot on North First Avenue and East Limberlost Drive. They'll be out before sunrise and after sunset, 5 a.m. to 7 p.m., and enjoying tuneage from 94.9 MIXfm.
The goal is to fill the Mayflower (semi-truck, not colonial ship) with tasty non-perishables. If you'd rather pull out your wallet than tote grocery bags, they will also be accepting cash donations. The food bank does a little magic and can distribute $9 worth of food for every $1 donated, according to their website.
In addition, Tucson Electric Power will match donations received on site. That's double the warm fuzzy feeling!
For more information, head on over to the Community Food Bank of Southern Arizona website.- Willamette
- News
- News Archive
- 2010
- September
- 'Is Art Worth a Life?'
Adolf Hitler presents Hermann Goering with a birthday gift, Berlin, Germany, 1938. Courtesy of the Library of Congress, Washington, DC
Current News
Multimedia lecture recounts Allied officers’ work to save artistic treasures
On Oct. 12 at 7:30 p.m. in the Mary Stuart Rogers Music Center, Robert Edsel will deliver a multi-media lecture on the work of the Monuments, Fine Arts, and Archives section of the Allied armies and its officers during and after World War II. Admission is free, and Edsel will sign copies of his books after the lecture.
Edsel is director of the Monuments Men Foundation and award-winning author and producer. His lecture, "Is Art Worth a Life? Hitler, War, and the Monuments Men," traces the work of MFAA officers, a group of men and women from 13 nations who helped rescue Europe's artistic and cultural treasures from the Nazis.
After Germany's surrender, the Allies began to discover art treasures hidden in castles and salt mines in Germany and Austria. While the Allies sought to return these stolen treasures to their rightful owners, the Russian army viewed them as spoils of war. Allies and Russians raced to find and secure the stolen works. By 1951, when the MFAA was decommissioned, officers had discovered and repatriated five million artworks.
Many of these officers would go on to become cultural leaders in post-World War II America, including James Rorimer, director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and S. Lane Faison, Jr., director of the Williams College Museum of Art, among others. One of these Monuments officers was a young sculptor and art historian from Michigan, Mark Sponenburgh, who would go on to enjoy a successful career as an art educator in Oregon. In 1990, Sponenburgh donated his art collection to Willamette University and set the stage for the creation of the Hallie Ford Museum of Art in 1998.
Robert Edsel is a former Texas oilman who has devoted the past decade to gaining recognition for MFAA officers and their important work. He is the author of two books, Rescuing Da Vinci and The Monuments Men. He was also co-producer of The Rape of Europa, a documentary to be shown at the Hallie Ford Museum of Art, and he published Beyond the Dreams of Avarice: The Hermann Goering Collection, by Nancy H. Yeide. Edsel received the President's Call to Service Award in 2008.
Financial support for Edsel's lecture has been provided by the Hallie Ford Museum of Art, the Sixteenth Annual Speakers Series of the College of Law, the College of Liberal Arts Office of the Dean, the Center for Ancient Studies and Archaeology, and the Hogue-Sponenburgh Lectureship Fund of the Department of Art History at Willamette University. Additional support has been provided by the City of Salem's Transient Occupancy Tax funds and the Oregon Arts Commission.
09-10-2010This past Sunday, upon my return from a much needed vacation, I found that I had received several communications wondering if TWIS was cancelled. Not understanding where the rumor had started, and a bit confused from my recent sun, surf, and sand infusion, I investigated.
It turns out the rumors are both true and untrue, as rumors will tend to be.
The rumors were probably ignited when the TWIS.org website went down sometime within the past two weeks. I wasn’t aware of the problem until my return, and fixed it as soon as I was able. For those interested, something triggered Apache service on the server to shut off. Simple problem, but a pain since I wasn’t around to fix it.
Then, rumblings began about a week ago about Leo saying that TWIS was cancelled. I spoke with Lisa Kentzell, CEO of TWiT.tv, today about the topic, and was informed that TWiT is restructuring. Part of the restructuring involves no longer supporting 3rd party shows, of which TWIS is one. As many of you already know, TWIS is my program, and actually predates TWiT by several years. Technically, TWiT cannot cancel TWIS. They can, however, remove it from their schedule… which they have done.
So, what does this news mean for TWIS and all of you minions? The answer is that I don’t really know yet. I am considering options for continuing to broadcast TWIS on my own. Google+ offers a possible platform through which TWIS might easily and seamlessly continue. Alternatively, I might consider other platforms like Justin.tv and UStream.tv. I have Wirecast and can use it. We might think about moving to another network. Or, there is always the possibility that this signals the end for TWIS.
I have made no decisions yet, and would love your feedback and advice. TWIS is nothing without you! Whatever we do, I want it to be the best decision for the entire community.
For the time being, TWIS will continue to air on TWiT.tv on Thursday evenings at 7:30pm PT. We will probably do our last show on the TWiT network within the month of July. You will be kept in the loop, so expect to hear more from me here and on all the social networks where we have a presence.
TWiT has been an amazing home for TWIS over the past couple of years. The entire team at TWiT has been supportive and helpful in ways that can’t ever be quantified or, for that matter, paid back properly. I want to thank Leo for giving us a place in TWiT.tv’s lineup for so long, and everyone else for the hours of work that went in to making the show happen (especially our trainee engineers ;). From the bottom of my heart, I wish the very best to TWiT.
–Kirsten
aka. Dr. Kiki
Pleasec don’t let it stop you from making TWIS I’ve been listening on podcast since way before TWIT and want to listen to TWIS every week for the rest of my life. It’s my aall-time fave podcast and has been for years now. Whatever you do, hi-fi or lo-fi, video or no video, live or recorded, I’ll be eagerly checking for new episodes every week from day 4-5 on… Video was nice for a while, I very much enjoyed watching the few times I was up early enough in my timezone to watch (thanx for the anouncements on Facebook leading me there in time!), but it is not at all a nessecary feature. It always has been and still is primarily a radio-show. An incredible radioshow that few networks would have the courage to spend an hout of their buisy bizzy schedules on,so viva los podcastos! If there would be any chance of you and Justin getting back together in one studio for recording it would be da bomb, I’ve found from the separation on it has lost a bit in its direct interaction, although after a few episodes adjusting you got back to almost the same togetherness, the communication between you’s two was best when you could still kick him in the shins… Justin got caught once after the lifebroadcast for over an hour just talking away being questioned by the chatboard and the engineers. His stories about his first years at TWIS and how he got the job were utterly enjoyable!
Anyway. I could go on and on and on, but it all comes down to: I LOVE you guys, TWIS is YOU and JUSTIN (and have I mentioned Blair’s a treasure? I HOPE you can keep her around as well, please!), and no media- station- or whatever change can bring that down.
I want my TWIS. I dearly hope you want it too.
No!!!
This can’t happen!
I only discovered you guys a week ago (due to finally finding a podcast app on my Blackberry that works in the UK, and browsing around and finding you!)
My app downloaded the last 6 months+ of casts and I am slowly working my way though them (8 down 25 to go….)
Loving the show!
Thought from me….
Really echoing some of those above… maybe go audio only/Podcasts only? (being in the UK I’m asleep when you guys stream live – and I don’t have any figures but I’d imagine only a third (max) of you audience is able to watch the live stream????)
Really hope you find a way to continue… loving the show, such a good round up of sciencey news that’s not just the popular headline grabbing sensationalist stories that hit the media!
Spreading the word amongst friends and colleagues over hear,
A
Wow! Bad news! I hope you guys can keep the show running. I will say that I’ve never heard of TWiT, I catch the show after the fact via Itunes, so obviously, that’s a viable channel to keep the show going!
I am sorry to hear about your problems. Do you still have the radio show in Davis? If you do you can post a podcast of the show. If you do please post it immediaely after you do it.Otherwise it becomes outdated. Best of wishes. Stan
Please find a solution. It can’t happen like that – we need the show.
Please, please find another provider! I so appreciate the show – it is amazing.
Oh no! TWiS is one of my favorite podcasts and my wife and I have been listening to you for years! We never watched the videos but it’s been a weekly treat to catch up with the podcast via iTunes over the weekend. Hoping you can continue in audio – I love the format and the show is a real highlight of the week. Donating in hopes you will continue!
I have been an avid listener for years, and love the relationship you have with Justin.You are a hell of a team. Please continue!
Hi Kiki, Justin and Blair,
I first started to watch on TWIT, and will continue to watch when you go elsewhere. I think that going to another network is a bad idea, you could end up in the same situation.
I also believe that charging is a sure way to kill the show. I have seen it tried to many times and almost all of the shows died or nearly died. This is even more so now that so many people are just barely making it if they even are making it, with the economy the way it is.
The Google hang out is not a bad idea. I usually watch live, and will continue to do so, if it continues to be at night here on the east coast. If you put it out on Ustream or Justin I will watch. I am not sure of any other choices, but I will try them!
I hope to find out what you are doing soon! Good Luck and Good Science.
Hi,
Dr. Kiki, I think the show should continue. It is not impossible to run it through Ustream or any service that you may have mentioned that can stream video. The chat element is something that is easily resolved, although, since this show predates TWiT, I do not know if you already have the solution: irc on freenode and starting a TWiS channel. If the need for moderators is needed an APB can be sent out. I do like the live element, and hope that can remain. Either which way, I will continue to be part of the audience.
Its thanks to twit that i was about to discover twis so i would be rather sad if you stopped doing the show as its really my only source of Science News in English lol plus it always helps to have you explain some of the larger terms
What ever form you pick for the future of This Week in Science be it on Ustream JTV and if need be Google+
Oh, by Newton’s apple, don’t stop!
Please don’t stop!
I only listen to the podcast, being far from my native San Diego, but I know the radio show aspect is important to you and Justin.
Do what you can, do what you must, but please stay on the air… Remember, it’s the only way to hear your show from off planet!
-Brad
I’d like to see this show continue, I wasn’t aware that TWiS depended on TWiT and so I thought only Dr. Kiki Science Hour was cancelled. I greatly appreciate the work you’ve done on both shows and it would be great to have TWIS up and running again.
“Best of luck and good science to you”
Dr Kirsten Sanford
Thank you for the Week in Science – You would be very surprised to find that the BBC in the UK has cut its Science output in the last six months – Radio wise
It’s great to listen to an informed conversation between two or more? scientists that’s not dumbed down to make it accessible – If possible, can we have one last TWIS re the Higgs Boson – That would be a gem of a show
Thank you for all your work in popularising Science from the inside out.
Mike in Cambridge.
Kirsten,
I love this show. Please don’t be discouraged. You and Justin are a great pair. Stick with that.
Scott S
Please, I need your show! I am a Biology teacher at an University and I have some of my students listen to your programs as fun assignments (especially my non-majors). There needs to programs like yours. I listen through my iTunes. I need real science in a FUN format. You make my day!
Debbie Borgen
Midland, TX
I have been following your shows via TWIT.tv. I hope very much that you will continue in an accessible format.
I find Dr. Kiki to be a great presenter and her shows fill a much need void.
As a consumer, I would appreciate an expanded version of TWIS. I realize that this is a lot of work to prepare.
As far as “Science Hour” is concerned. Perhaps 60 minutes is a bit longer than the attention span of many. Writing for myself, I would like more structured presentations from your guests rather than the interview format.
I have not seen the audience numbers for your shows, however, the commercial reality is that a certain critical mass is necessary for them to be supported by entities like TWIT. Some of the platforms like USTREAM seem to inject ads at random intervals which I find wrecks the viewing experience.
I would prefer the option of a pay per view portal.
I love this show, been listening since I was a grad student in Biology. I’m in Canada and I’ve only ever listened to the podcasts, so as long as you keep putting those out, I’ll keep listening and loving!
I listen to a LOT of sci. streams, and TWIS is my ONE MUST-HAVE. When I switch platforms, your show is ALWAYS the first I seek out and subscribe to. Can’t count the number of amazing research projects/articles I’ve heard about on this show first! You guys always keep me up to date!
Hope this all works out for you.
Your show is great! I listen at work every week there’s an episode. I hope that you find a way to continue your good work. Or, asking all of us, pleading if necessary, to help in any way we can to support the show and keep things going. I’m certain that this awesome show will continue (one way or another)… Thanks for the work so far!
Cheers!
Mykael David Lazzeri BSN BFA MTA
“We see what our knowledge tells us we see.”
-James Burke
Although saddened by the news that TWiT would no longer carry TWiS, I understand their business decision. This being said, I am ready to pay to be able to continue viewing TWiS. Now my demographics are probably outside of the Bell curve for this show, I do appreciate the way you and your team present science.It’s a change to the often sterile atmosphere surrounding science 😉
A great show. One that will not be replicated on the big tv network. Carl Sagan would be proud of you guys.
Don’t you dare give up now. See this as the opportunity it is as become more resiliant. Whatever happens it was great. Now make it even greater.
Victoria. Bc
Hello Kirsten and Justin and the rest of staff including the baby. I love your shows and at work I listen to them every week. I loved the hour of science, and I especally love Justin’s music. I wanted to hear more about bubbles, but everything you talk about is relevant and interesting, so keep up the good work and let us know when you can be on the air more often. I get you through an apple app from the itune store. I am a 70 year old custodian and need something to think about besides my old body and the exercise it is getting each night. I have been a Science Science Fiction fan for years and it is nice to get the science in a way I understand it without the time of a story. Thank-you
But your shows are so awesome! Please don’t let this happen, guys. Isn’t there something that we, as your fans, can do?
Don’t give up, guys! If you make it over this, you’ll shine more than ever!
I agree that your shows are awesome.please make sure they will continue.thanks you!a big fan
Yes,we can do something.We can pray that the shows will broadcast forever,because they are fabulous.Keep us posted please!
If you guys stop I will no longer seem interesting to strangers. “Did you know?”
Piggy back with Star talk, you just gotta be ready for Neil!
Please don’t let this happen!Your shows are extraordinary!Please keep us posted!Thanks!
dont do it…. the best show ever. I love the way you guys react together and the current topics are always interesting, and an inspiration to many young minds over the glode.
from Scotland
Dougie x
Definitely getting worried here – no podcasts on iTunes since February. I’ve heard of Spring Break but this 6 week hiatus may be taking it a bit too far. Please don’t stop, you are the best, and also the wackiest.
There’s several busy people working at it. Meanwhile show your support, donate or buy something from Zazzle.
It’s sad your TV show Kiki cancellation. Maybe g+ hangout will be usefull for your mission.
<3
Greeting for both of You especially for Pipi sorry for Kiki
I just donated $25 in hopes to keep the show going. Keep up the science!!!!!! This podcast is the very one that put me down the road in helping promoting science in general.
How about talking to Dan Benjamin at 5by5 an express pedicure and facial package (up to a $82 total value)
- 30-minute express pedicure includes a soak and a lotion application along with a cuticle trim and a nail buff and polish (a $34 value)
- 30-minute express facial includes cleansing, exfoliating, and hydrating treatments as well as a facial massage (up to a $48 value)<p>
$39 for an express pedicure and peel package (a $82 total value)
- Express pedicure (a $34 value)
- Chemical peel uses a custom use of glycolic, lactic, and salicylic acids to resurface and brighten skin (a $48 value)<p>.
The Gist
What some people are buzzing about:
Tips
94% of 877 customers recommend
“Danielle was an amazing stylist. friendly, precise, And just all around great stylist. my hair looks wonderful! ”
“Ask for Joy - GREAT massage therapist!”
“Thank you Leah and the rest of the staff for getting me in the same day and having me leave a satisfied customer! I will see you again in 8 weeks. :-)”
- A
14165 James Rd.
Rogers, MN 55374
+17634250038Get DirectionsWith.
I think Electro looks pretty sweet. I can’t wait for this movie!
This Electro looks pretty interesting, although I would not have complained if he had looked like he did in the early comics: green and yellow suit with lightning bolts on it. I liked that, also.
I agree he looks great to me and so does that new Spidey suit
@ Prof Pro
I really hadn’t given any mind at all to this movie, until I saw that cover.
I mean c’mon…
… if you call yourself a comic book fan that cover should get you excited.
You are correct.
Sweet Jesus f*cking Christ can you ever have something happen without people b*tching about it? God damn, no matter what they could’ve done with Electro people would’ve disliked it, and I can guarantee there will be people calling the Rhino stupid too. Because the comic-book versions were so ‘cool’ and ‘awesome’.
I personally thought that was Electro, screen-personified. I cannot think of a better way they could have made him work unless they had just thrown him in a super powered suit of some sort. I’m very fascinated with the ears in particular, and think that Electro’s metamorphosis will be painful and on-screen (at least I hope)
Still like Tobi McGuire as Spider-Man (he looks the part more than this guy), but this is shaping up to be a hell of a movie.
Spider Man for Avengers (eventually plz)
Uh, actually I think Rhino is kind of a big droopy dumpy-drawers….
Thank u lol.
Me personally, I don’t think the Green/yellow electro would work in the movie because of it’s slightly darker tone. It’s to comical looking.
Tell that to every spooky clown in a horror movie.
So here is a guy, creating a post BITCHING about people creating posts bitching about something.
His ear…
“I HAVE BECOME A BEING OF PURE ENERGY!”
“WITHOUT PAAAAAAAAAAANTS!”
@Ultimate ACW: 007 Reloaded: “Oh, now you sound like my hot-to-trot girlfriend!”
It looks like Electro’s ears have burned out but his head looks “fine” as it would like if man is a living energy?
Dunno, feels like those burned out ears are his weakest part. But can’t wait how Foxx looks in a screen.
He used a Q-Tip & went in too deep.
I wasn’t someone who complained when the set photos were released. I was optimistic and wanted to wait for the official images to be revealed. Now that we do have an official pic… meh. I’m sure Jamie Foxx will do a great job (great actor) but that’s about it. I’m not going to hate or anything, but I just don’t like what I’m seeing. Still looking forward to the movie, but I guess it’s just personal preference.
What was you expecting to see?
I don’t know, this pic just hasn’t won me over yet. I’m not a fan of the Ultimate version of Electro (Dr. Manhattan rip off) and the suit here just looks like a Prometheus space suit. I don’t think it looks terrible, but I would have preferred something more like the design in The Spectacular Spiderman TV series.
My first thought was definitely Prometheus space suit.
That underbite…. scary
I can’t wait to see what the costumes look like for Scorpion and Mysterio, if they ever do them. They are my choices for the next Spidey villains.
Scorpion for sure. I wouldn’t mind seeing Vulture, although I guess we’re going to get something similar enough in Captain America: TWS’s Falcon. So Scorpion, Shocker (even if they can’t do him anymore, because Electro covers the “electric super villain” aspect to general audiences), and just do a really good Venom and Carnage and I’m happy. Doc Oc’s been done perfectly already, and GG’s coming – although it sounds like they’re going to completely screw it up, if those rumors are true.
This Spider-Man costume looks so much better. Thank god.
I know, right?
I honestly don’t get the difference on the Spidey suite, it looks the same to me
i like the way you fry boy
lol +1
The name’s Electro. The E is silent.
Spiderman movies only got the sandman and dr octopus accurate. The rest
Look like something out of cracked magazine.
1. The green goblin- power ranger ripoff
2. Harry osborn goblin- batman on a glider
3. Lizard- character from V or the movie enemy mine
4. Venom- skinny wimpy looking topher grace
5. Rhino- looks like the cartoon goofy tick with giamattis face
6 electro- blue man from universal or pinhead
So no sony needs to stop destroying the spiderman villians.
Shut up ahole
Shut up
You actually do have kind of a point. I thought the mask for the Green Goblin was fine, but the rest of the suit just didn’t work. As for Venom, the suit was fine, but he was too skinny. But The Lizard looked terrible…
It’s amazing how egg like Garfield’s head is in the spidey costume. He looks just like spiderman in the costume!
He really does, which is a huge improvement over the Toby Maguire version.
Great, now all I see is an egg when I look at him aha.
excited and pleased with spidey’s new costume..simpler more bad-ass, more like in the cartoons, more likely for someone to make it himself
Yeah, it’s pretty much perfect… I love the eyes now.
I’m sorry for what you thought was “trolling” I just not excited for “The Amazing Spider-Man 2″. I know you are but I’m not.
Whatever.
I really don’t like how Foxx looks as Electro.
I love both costumes, they look great.
I think it looks great. I also agree the green and yellow would looked to kiddie or comical.
It was possible to make it slightly Green and Yellow, instead of Prometheus Gray on Blue-Gray (guess they raided the wardrobe department for left overs).
The stupid thing about his costume is the fact he is wearing metal. If he is a being of pure energy then metal is a weakness (as is water). Maybe they will call him arc-man as he starts to short out across his own suit, and ground out into the nearest sewer grating?
As for Spiderman’s suit, my main problem is that it shouldn’t be called a “redesign”. Its’ just the same suit from the original trilogy with new eyes. I thought it was just kind of lazy to simply go back to that suit. Don’t get me wrong, I LIKED the suit from the trilogy, but why do we need to see it again? I thought the suit in The Amazing Spiderman was fine. I thought they did a great job with that redesign, but now it just seems like they changed it back out of pressure from hate from a few fans.
If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. They improved Raimi’s costume with what minor issues it had.
Its similar to the raimi suit, but not identical at all. the only real similarity is the use of the brick pattern on the costume again. the blue area now has more of a rubbery texture and the seams in the blue areas line up with lines the costume had in ASM. the old ASM costume will be in the film also, and they will show peter upgrade his design for what is probably his second try and a costume.
Not identical, but pretty close. Coloring, webbing, look…
The only differences are the eyes and the logo’s. I just wish they could have at LEAST left the logo alone and kept how it was in TAS (with the spider symbol bigger and aligning with the blue).
Because it’s classic Spider-man. Why did they have to change it? I love the way it looks now. It now has the best of all three worlds – Webb’s general design, original Raimi colors & patterns, the classic comics mask/eyes).
I thought the suit in ASM had some problems, but overall, I really liked it. If you reboot a franchise you should make it look separate from what came before it. Like I said, I like the new comic looking eyes, but other than that, I just don’t really see the point in going back to the Raimi suit (which was fine, but again, I prefer a new revamped look for a new series).
I also thought TASM suite was fine. If anything better to start with a new and revamped look.
I love Spidey’s new suit! Reminds me of the Raimi Trilogy Spidey suit.
Electro looks pretty cool, too. Would have preferred the green-yellow look, but WTH, can’t have everything you want.
Now I’m wondering if and when they’re gonna mix Spidey into the Avengers…
Man I love that Spiderman suit. That is The Amazing Spiderman come to life. I really enjoyed the first movie and it looks like everyone is stepping up there game on this film. Im looking forward to some original content and villians without a re-tread of the origin story. Cant wait for it!
The last film cost 230 million dollars to make. The Amazing Spiderman made over 750 million at the box office. Amazing Spiderman 2 will likely cost around 375 million do produce and market. They will have to make 800 million just to break even. And that factor will not be determined by special effects. It will be determined by how good the story is. Film industries are here to tell good stories. They need to get that through their head. Maybe then they might not make the same mistake with “The Lone Ranger”. Lets be honest. The Lone Ranger was terrible.
Not sure where you get your numbers from but Amazing Spider-man was made for $230M (estimated), and Grossed $262M as of early Oct. 2012. Far from the $750M that you quote. Likewise, if it costs $375M to make then they only need $376M to have a $1M profit. Since half their movies fail, you may be talking about their minimum 2:1 investment to return that they expect, but if so you need to state it. Even so, that ROI breaks down after about $75M as returns are diminishing. Sure they hope for an Avatar, but more often they get an Amazing Spider-man that gave them +$32M which is better than what both Pacific Rim (looking like it could be a $60M loss) and Lone Ranger ($100M+ loss) are going to do.
Prometheus 2 will probably be just as bad. Few are going to trust Scott considering he was just caught lying about Lindelof being the main reason for the duplicity in Prometheus. Scott was already planning the trilogy before Damon got there, but Scott wanted us to think it was a prequel to Alien to drive opening weekend numbers up. Still, Damon should have walked immediately, so he is just as guilty as Scott.
He was talking about worldwide gross.
That Electro looks pretty cool, looking forward to seeing the Rhino, and others but I really hope to see mainly The Doc Ock in this version of Spiderman, as well as Scorpion, Kraven, Venom and Carnage.
I really think Raimi’s Doc Oc was perfect and classic and should be left as it was. Plenty of other villains to go around that still need to be done.
Out of all the Spiderman villains in the Raimi trilogy, Doc Ock and Sandman are the most unnecessary to redo. Maybe in 10 years or so (after the Mark Webb series) but for now, I prefer seeing other Spiderman villains being brought to the big screen, or maybe a new version of Green Goblin.
I just wanna see Venom done properly FFS
This is completely inevitable, this movie franchise needs to show some risks you take with some things that gear you when you take ones that seem impossible but you`re just too afraid to take
So far I’m liking what I see
Electro looks cool, but I’m not liking the new/old Spidey suit. It looks like they just refabbed one if Raimi’s suits. I don’t mind a return to a more traditional pattern, but the raised webbing, the material, I just don’t like it. I prefered the home-made feel of the other suit. The spandex material, the silk-screened webbing and emblem. It just looks more like something a highschooler with limited income would cobble together from sports apparel.
I loved the Raimi suit, but that worked for it’s time. Those movies came out at a time you didn’t need to ask certain questions in superhero movies (things like suits or extremely complicated Bat caves and fortresses can be built with ease without the audience giving it a passing thought). Now, those questions don’t slide so easily in Superhero movies. In The Amazing Spiderman we got to see him make the suit and it worked for this world. This new suit (or just reuse of the Raimi version) just doesn’t fit in this new universe. I still like it (I think the mask and the eyes look great) I just don’t think it really fits here.
I guess I’m not a huge spidey fan cuz I couldn’t care less about the suit.
OMG i am a huge Rhino fan i never thought for a million years i would ever see them choose Rhinooooooo
thank you very much i’m excited now i hope rhino gets fair screen time as electro
Electro looks like Mr. Freeze’s father’s brother’s nephew’s cousin’s former roommate. I’m okay with that.
That means absolutely nothing!rwhron@xxxxxxxxxxxxx wrote:
ftp'ing a multi-megabyte file gives about 16-20k/second
throughput. I first noticed this on 2.6.0-test4, but
the slowness may have existed longer. The destination
machine was running Solaris 8.
samba copy between the two machines is fast in both directions.
irc dcc protocol stalls down to about 1k/s (host specific?).
maybe someone can look into this?
--
Florian ZwochSurface Pro first-impressions review
.
For the past five days, I've had the privilege of using Surface Pro, which goes on sale February 9, as my primary PC. That's not enough time to fairly evaluate the tablet, which is why I write a first-impressions review. I'll add much more as my month with the device progresses. For now, I will share my early reactions, while offering context about Microsoft's objectives for the product and how well it achieves them. Unquestionably, Surface Pro isn't for everyone. But it could be for you.
Before We Start
I should begin by giving some personal context. For June 2012, I planned to spend the month using an Android tablet -- ASUS Pad 300 -- as my primary PC. Then, unexpectedly, as May closed, Google and Samsung announced the Series 5 550 Chromebook. I spent the next month on that computer and never looked back.
For February, I prepped for the Android experiment again, this time with Google Nexus 10. But, again, a surprise switch; I got Surface Pro for review on January 31. So the grand tablet as primary PC is on again with different device and one likely to darkly color any future Android adventure.
I come to Surface Pro from a perspective probably unique to most other reviewers -- Chrome OS and working solely in a browser for the past seven months. I'm also new to Windows 8, which will get separate review in a few weeks. My experience with the operating system was brief -- the Consumer Preview on an 11.6-inch Samsung slate for a few weeks in April 2012.
So I bring fresh eyes to hardware and software but with muscle-memory experience using Windows the way we all remember it. Hopefully my unusual starting place brings fresh perspective. I believe so, but you tell me after reading the review.
Which? Pro or RT?
Surface is not one but two tablets, selling at juxtaposed prices, aimed at different market segments and using distinct system architectures. Anyone considering Surface should ask which is better choice, hence why my review starts with question: Which one? Surface Pro stands out from RT in three distinctive ways: Speed, screen and software. I'll explain how in this section and the next.
Surface RT competes with iPad and costlier Androids and like them uses ARM architecture. The operating system, Windows RT, looks like 8 Pro but appearances deceive. Both present two motifs -- the more traditional Desktop and newer Modern UI. But only on Surface Pro can users expect to install and use legacy applications coded for x86 chips. If you have need to run any Windows software, Pro is the only choice. RT users can expect to get apps from the built-in Windows Store -- some of which run in Desktop mode, Office 2013 being one of them.
Pricing matters. The two tablets look similar at first glance, but Surface RT is considerably slimmer and lighter -- about the same as iPad or Nexus 10. Price starts at $499 versus $899 for Surface Pro. Microsoft prices the thinner tablet against iPad and the other meets MacBook Air and Windows ultrabooks. Contrary to FUD spewed by the Apple Fanclub of analysts, bloggers, journalists and other writers, Surface Pro is not overpriced and doesn't compete with iPad. Stated correctly: iPad can't compete with Surface Pro. Performance and broader capabilities simply aren't comparable, which is one among many reasons why the new 128GB iPad, which went on sale today for as much as $929, is overpriced compared to Microsoft's flagship tablet.. Price: $899 (64GB); $999 (128GB).
Surface RT specs. 10.6-inch ClearType HD Display with 1366 by 768 resolution; Nvidia T30 processor; 2GB RAM; 32GB or 64GB storage; 720p front- and rear-facing cameras; accelerometer; ambient-light sensor; barometer; magnetometer; Wi-Fi A/N; Bluetooth 4; Windows RT. Dimensions and weight: 10.81 x 6.77 x 0.37 inches and just under 1.5 pounds. Price: $499 (32GB); $599 (32GB with keyboard cover); $599 (64GB); $699 (64GB with keyboard cover).
Keyboards. Microsoft offers two different keyboard covers, Touch and Type, which retail separately for $129.99. Type keys are more traditional and physically prominent. Touch Keyboard is more recessed and my preference.
Value proposition. RT comes with Office 2013 Home and Student, while Pro, which uses digitized display, has a stylus. From that vantage point, Surface RT is hybrid device -- touch and keyboard, tablet and notebook alternative -- while the costlier model is more tribrid, by adding the stylus.
For anyone looking for value, the lighter model makes sense. Everyone else, particularly those wanting benefits of touch, keyboard and existing software, should chose Pro.
For those buyers wanting better battery life, Microsoft claims 9 hours (or more) for RT and 4 to 5 hours for Pro.
In retrospect, Microsoft chose wrongly by releasing Surface RT first, October 26 concurrently with Windows 8. Particularly looking at the tepid computer lineup from partners, Surface Pro would have really stood out and sold better than RT -- or so I believe. Also, the market better accepts perceived price cut than increase. Surface RT released now would look like a bargain compared to the costlier tablet.
Scratching the Surface
Hours after unboxing Surface Pro, I handed it to my wife. She spoke the words I had thought in first reaction: "Heavy" and "fast". They stuck with me for the past five days, as I adapted to the tablet's heft and its speed spoiled me. The slate weighs 907 gram -- that's the aforementioned 2 pounds, Americans and Brits. Nexus 10 is 603 grams (1.33 pounds). But the VaporMg chasis gives extra sense of heft and also ruggedness. The case is considerably thicker than most other tablets, but tapered such it seems to disappear. The design approach reminds of some Lenovo ThinkPads.
In the hand. The tablet's weight and heft will trouble some users. My concerns dispatched within a few hours. But the real test is to come. Prolonged use over several weeks will reveal much.
Heft is well-packaged. Surface Pro is a luxury car, a classic sportster with defined lines and metal exterior. By comparison, my ARM Chromebook looks and feels like a fiber-glass Ford. Better: Yugo to Aston Martin. There's something Euro-car about the smoky exterior and boxy, slanted sides. Surface Pro's handsome, rugged design is a Siren's call to the hands. To touch, to feel, to caress.
Fast setup. The tablet sets up in seconds if you're a fast typist. Process is little more than powering up, connecting to WiFi, entering in Microsoft Account ID and choosing default or advanced setup (former for me). The process is similar to other portables running Windows 8 Pro. But from there, Microsoft's tablet pulls ahead.
Stunning screen. The display is beautiful -- exceptional for the size class, and that conceding iPad 4 and Nexus 10 have higher resolution; but they aren't digitized. Microsoft maximizes the enjoyment by providing beautifully designed stock Start screen apps. I haven't seen them look better on any other Windows slates (Hey, I hang out at Microsoft Store doing some Windows shopping).
The screen is 400 nit, but feels brighter. That's comparable to MacBook Air (hint, hint again about the competing product).
Performance. Then there is the speed. The beast roars and runs fast. Windows Experience rating is 5.6, held back by the graphics processor. The sold-state drive is 8.1 and 1.7GHz Intel Core i5 processor is 6.9 -- on a scale of 9.9. But overall responsiveness feels like a 10. For sense of speed in the real world, which is the best benchmark: Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 4 installed in less than 60 seconds (before the required reboot).
Real storage space. My Surface is the 128GB model, and I received it with about 90GB free space. I recommend using it for apps and storing data in the cloud. Microsoft SkyDrive is easily accessible from the Start screen. The 64GB model only has 23GB of free space, which won't be enough for data and the demanding apps I expect most users will install. Pay the extra $100.
Big benefits. There's something to be said for maturity. Youngsters tend to believe they know better, that they're more modern. But Android and iOS, even Chrome OS, are new kids in town. By comparison, you can feel the maturity in Windows 8, on Surface Pro with Intel Core. Performance is smooth, software responsive and feeling of solidness everywhere. Software, hardware and services integration is tight -- the best I've seen on anything. Yes, more than Mac laptops or tablets.
Simple example of maturity related to usability: The Start screen presents different options for my Epson Artisan 730 WiFi printer -- including driver update. Windows 8 Pro found the networked peripheral and provides what I need to use it, unprompted.
Surface Pro is the computer you waited for and proves that Microsoft should have designed and sold its own PCs long ago, and leaves me feeling something strongly: Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer is indebted to former Windows & Windows Live president Steven Sinofsky and should be careful about who's fired next.
You Need to Read This
Surface Pro is the most important platform product to come out of Microsoft since Windows NT 4. The operating system was foundational for what followed, Windows 2000 and XP, particularly. NT 4 represented in-house developers' thinking about what a modern OS should be and the capabilities that should extend to developers. The same could be said of Windows 8 and RT, but more. Microsoft seeks tighter integration between software, hardware and services. Surface Pro culminates all three, providing existing customers a lifeline to the past while extending forward to new digital lifestyle -- anytime, anywhere computing.
Like Windows NT 4, Surface Pro is a transitional product. Microsoft's platform goals are more about Modern UI and doing away with the Desktop motif. But the company has a longstanding tradition, unlike Apple, of ensuring backward compatibility for older apps -- and to a fault. This approach has often held back future Windows development. Surface Pro runs older apps via the Desktop, while offering the familiar keyboard experience many longstanding PC users demand. But tablet size, touchscreen, Modern UI, cloud service integration and other attributes push forward. Windows 8 Pro and this tablet together seek to be the best of the past, present and future. It is a haughty ambition.
Windows 8 and RT fulfill design ambitions Microsoft tried to bring to market in the 1990s. Modern UI derives heritage from the Active Desktop, which the software giant released before its time. Internet pipes reaching businesses, or even consumers, weren't fat enough in the late 1990s, and there wasn't enough quality content. But Microsoft had the right idea. Live titles transform the desktop into a living, breathing thing. It responds to you, anticipates you. I simply cannot express the sheer value, when set alongside aspects of the overall user interface. titles add richness and movement to Surface Pro running Windows 8 Pro.
.
Surface Pro's screen is the most accurate I've ever used. Even touching text in this document hits the right spot every time. Cutting and pasting is easiest on any touch device tested. The little circle that marks the finger's touch looks good and works even better. Dragging it with my finger highlights text. Accurately.
But where touch brings Surface Pro alive is the Start screen chock full of tiles with content in motion. The user experience is far superior to Android or iOS. The desktop looks so alive, so quickly responds to touch, I could swear that it breathes.
Beneath the Surface
More than Surface RT, Pro users will spend time in Desktop mode. Apps and usability across motifs matter much, but more function of software than hardware.
Windows 8 reviews. My colleague Mihaita Bamburic posted a lengthy Windows 8 review in October, while developer Robert Johnson delivered a compelling series:
- Windows 8 is a compelling story
- Windows 8 simplifies computing
- Windows 8 is a graphic shift in computing habits
I highly recommend these four for getting a good sense of what to expect from Windows 8 Pro. My perspective here is more about usability on Microsoft's tablet and how it matches up to the design goals laid out in the previous section.
Apps availability. Microsoft is with Windows 8 where Apple was with OS X in 2001 -- presenting developers and users with dual-motif. But integration between Desktop and Modern UI is much tighter and moving between them smoother than was the Mac environments.
Apple struggled to get developers to create apps -- thanks largely to Windows XP, which released the same year. Microsoft sees similar developer distraction from Android and iOS. If it's any measure, major apps took nearly four years migrating to OS X. Windows has an advantage -- a built-in app store that promises developers payments rather than piracy.
Tragically, the app selection isn't sufficient and won't be for some time. That makes the software you have now all the more important and another reason why Surface Pro is better choice than RT. My colleague Martin Brinkman writes regular column "Best Windows 8 apps this week". On Friday, he reported 27,282 apps available from Windows Store -- the majority of which won't matter much to hardcore Pro users. They'll want productivity apps and real PC games.
I hope that with Surface Pro's actual release more apps will go native. But it's hard to imagine developer enthusiasm when Microsoft misses with Office 2013, which can be accessed from Modern UI Start screen but runs in Desktop mode. The company sets a terrible example for developers and does deep disservice to customers. Office, as the primary productivity program I expect Pro's target market will use, should be fully usable from the new motif. The few native Windows apps Microsoft provides are simply exquisite and demonstrate what Office could have been as Modern UI flagship application.
Some of the Desktop apps turn the stomach. Chrome is butt ugly. I blame Google developers for making no real effort to support Surface Pro, and I understand there is some bad blood because of third-party browser restriction on Windows RT. Surface Pro's magnificent display makes Chrome look all the worse, while Internet Explorer is a gem. Fonts are major reason.
Generally, Google is a lost cause on Surface Pro. The search giant develops beautiful apps for competing iOS but largely ignores newest Windows. How strange is that? I resort to accessing Gmail and Google+ in Internet Explorer 10 on Modern UI. The services stun, they look so good on Surface Pro's screen.
Desktop Mode. Functionally, the two motifs demonstrate fine workmanship -- they so seamlessly mesh. Usability is another matter. Moving from one motif to another is jarring, in part because the one is so exquisite and expansive. Where Modern UI feels alive, Desktop is dead -- dull, uninviting. It's a graveyard, by comparison. I don't want to work there.
While the more familiar motif, Desktop doesn't respond to the user the way Start screen does. Touch is often rejected, rather than welcomed. The touch accuracy I praised earlier is for Modern UI. In the other motif I sometimes struggle to get even the close button to respond. From that perspective, Surface Pro disappoints, particularly since the whole point is backward compatibility to existing apps. Which run where? In the graveyard.
While Microsoft reaches for the future, Desktop can't escape Windows' past. On February 1, I received the Nexus 4 ordered from Google Play for my wife. On Groundhog Day, I prepared her Galaxy Nexus for sale and used it as opportunity to look at Surface Pro media transfer capabilities. Windows 8 Pro easily detected the handset and offered several tools via Desktop mode. I dragged the DCIM folder with photos to the desktop. While looking over pics, I wanted to post one to Google+. The file manager presents "Share" as one default option in the menu bar. Excellent! But the Share feature is for enabling access to other users, not posting to social networks or emailing, which is what I intended. Surely some commenters will bark: "What did you expect? This is how Windows works". Yes, but sharing now means something quite different to many people.
There are reasons then why in the previous section I refer to Surface Pro as a transitional product and allude to Windows NT 4. Microsoft's tablet offers many compelling features and represents a vision for the future, which likely is Windows 9 running on the device. For the present, users must contend with two motifs and sometimes conflicting (and confusing) ways of working. That said, the shortcoming -- quirks, if you will -- give the product personality and dimension. iPad and iOS are flat, manicured landscapes by comparison. Surface Pro and Windows Pro are together the jungle -- rich and lush throughout but not free of barren areas.
The point: I much prefer working on Surface Pro, and even the Desktop graveyard has its charms. But do bring along a keyboard.
How I Surface
Microsoft's tablet challenges me, because I come from a different place than the target customer. As mentioned about 2,500 words ago, I moved from Chromebook, working in a browser for about seven months. Google's motif is fairly contained, with most mouse movement restricted to tabs across the top of the screen. Surface Pro demands more work with fingers going every which way, such as pulling down a thumbnails of open web pages rather than simple tabs.
Modern UI. To my surprise, I find all the movement kind of refreshing, even fun, like using more of my senses -- and fingers as tools -- to get work done. Additionally, I find Modern UI absolute joy to use -- on this machine. Yes, the motif demands more work, such as seemingly endless scrolling left or right. But the design appeals and draws me in. It's immersive and as previously expressed alive.
There is something about Modern UI that is different on this computer. I've spent some time at my local Microsoft Store using Windows 8 or RT on various PCs or tablets. My reaction, like when using the Samsung slate last year, was ho-hum. But Modern UI enthralls here, and I largely credit Surface Pro's bright, crisp display and smooth, speedy performance.
Touch and type. I interact with Surface Pro using fingers on screen or keyboard in both motifs. The tablet has a kickstand that tilts the display back at a satisfying angle. I attach the Touch Keyboard, which gives audible electronically-generated sound when tapped. I adapted to the keyboard in less than an hour of typing this review, which I started writing on WordPress in IE10 almost immediately.
During the workday, Surface Pro rarely leaves the desk, although over the month will go on jaunts to the coffee shop to see what shakes up. At night, I sometimes sit the slate on my lap and work. While the default on-screen keyboard is too large for my tastes, typing more than satisfies. Here we go with another benefit of the screen. I can type just about as well on-screen as off, Microsoft's keyboard is so responsive. No Android tablet or iPad that I've used compares.
I simply can't express the importance of this benefit, which works in concert with another: Surface Pro's screen is viewable from pretty much an angle -- clear and crisp, with no distortion. As a hybrid device meant as tablet and laptop, the latter concerns. Kickstand and Touch Keyboard aren't lap friendly. But Surface laid in the lap is highly functional with touch keys and brilliant display. I can work this way, and so can you. It's superior to iPad or, say, Nexus 10 similarly used.
I interchangeably use trackpad and touchscreen. Microsoft makes a Surface mouse, but I don't need it, and neither should you if you really give touch a chance.
Battery life. I can't get give comprehensive report on battery life. Several discharges in different usage situations will be necessary. That said, while writing this review, I unplugged the power cord at 9 am PST today. Ninety minutes later, set to "balanced mode", Windows 8 Pro reported 55 percent charge left, or 3 hours 5 minutes. At 12:30, 36 percent and 90 minutes remaining. At 1:30, a message flashed across the screen warning just 10 percent charge remained. Fifteen minutes later, with 8-percent warning, and Windows claiming 23 minutes usage time left, I plugged in. Likely then, charge would have gone 5 hours. That's on par with marketed battery life.
Challenges. Being fresh to Windows 8, I don't know fully where usability ends and my ignorance begins. For example, the group chat service we use at work doesn't have a Windows 8 app. So I use IE10. Problem: I get no notifications, and the service disconnects when I work in other tabs. Same can be said for Gmail or Google+. Now matters would be much better if I lived a Microsoft lifestyle connected to more of the company's services and other devices. Start screen would display much of what I need.
Users spending more time in the Desktop graveyard can expect typical third-party apps and services support. As for Metro UI, Surface Pro isn't the problem but application maturity, which will come over time.
Wrapping up, potential users will want to weigh applications against everything else, what's needed or wanted. Surface Pro demands changes to longstanding habits and will jar some users traversing the two motifs. Adapt if you can and be rewarded but expect some usability penalty along the way.
Surface Pro is Jack of all trades, attempting to be many things and doing some better than others. Imperfections glare because the broader experience is so clean -- and fun. There are shortcomings, but returning to the auto analogy they are easily overlooked. Idiosyncratic is the word sometimes used to describe the best, classic cars, which are appreciated more for their beauty and handling.
Surface Pro's shortcomings, like those of classic cars, add character. In a sea of sameness, where so many PCs or tablets are hard to tell apart, Microsoft's slate stands out. If only other device manufacturers made as much effort as Microsoft to truly innovate. By that measure, Surface Pro achieves greatness, faults and all.
Photo Credits: Joe Wilcoxor Join Now!
« back to Coffee Lounge forum
Tom Coster
home | projects | blog
120 posts in 1737 days
07-21-2011 12:02 AM
Topic tags/keywords:
norm
tv
video
I am having serious withdrawals. There is nothing better that watching a quality woodworking TV shows, except being in the shop myself. Nobody has filled Norm’s spot yet. Tommy’s Rough Cut show is the only decent one I’ve seen but there is not enough shows yet. Has anyone watched George Vondriska over at WWGOA? I wish somebody would put him on PBS. Maybe if enough Jocks got together? Man, I miss Norm.
-- Tom, MI, SC
DrDirt
3049 posts in 2641.
-- "Before I refuse to take your questions, I have an opening statement." Ronald Reagan
Dusty56
11743 posts in 2587
1421 posts in 1404 days
#3 posted 07-21-2011 12:58 AM
I agree. NYW was the best WWing show on.
MikeGo
76 posts in 1402 days
#4 posted 07-21-2011 01:09 AM
I miss Norm too. I can only see him on the NYWS site.
-- Mike, Marietta,ny
rance
4157 posts in 2059
994 posts in 1537228 posts in 2562
69 posts in 1550 days
#8 posted 07-21-2011 05:03 PM
Call your local PBS station and get them to show The Woodsmith Shop – put on by Shop Notes/Woodsmith Mag guys…very good show. But I agree, I too miss Norm!!!!
Bertha
12951 posts in 159270 posts in 193923 posts in 1779.
#14 posted 07-21-2011 08:49 PM
Rance: I’m sorry I’m missing something. Who is Steve?
agallant
493 posts in 1785 days
#15 posted 07-21-2011 08:56 PM
I miss David MarksAbout the Fellowships
Application & Selection
Current Fellows' Profiles
Alumni Profiles
Participating Agencies
Placement in Japan
Frequently Asked Questions
Application Packet
Selection Criteria
Major Program Requirements
Information Sessions
Fellowship Family Perspectives
Featured Fellows
Alumni Outreach
10th Anniversary Series
Alumni Presentations
Toshiba Japan Discussion Series 2005-2008
Abe-Mansfield Fellowship Symposia
Detailees (Agency-funded): Fellows who are detailees receive salary and benefits (including health care coverage) through the sponsoring federal agency during the two-year program.
Non-Detailees (Program-funded): The Foundation pays the salary of non-detailees during the two-year program and any increase that may occur during the Fellowship period as though the Fellow were a federal employee. Because the authorizing legislation does not require the Foundation to pay any benefits to non-detailees, the Foundation will not pay any retirement benefits, but if funding is available, the Foundation will contribute to the U.S. government portion of the Fellow's medical insurance costs.
See Section 254(B) and Title 5, United States Code, Part 3582(C), for details relating to reemployment and benefits.
Allowances of the Mansfield Fellowships are subject to the level of annual Congressional appropriations and the Department of State Standardized Regulations. U.S. agencies may contribute to the Fellows' allowances.
The Fellowship program provides Japanese language training in the Washington, D.C., area during the first year, and, if funding is available, a monthly stipend of not more than $500 to any Fellow who must relocate to the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area. The available stipend may cover the period October through June and is prorated for the number of days the Fellow resides in Washington, D.C., during other months. The program does not provide for relocation, housing or family education costs that exceed the stipend amount. The program cannot provide Japanese language training for other members of the family.
The Fellowship program, as specified in the authorizing legislation, provides the following allowances (to which Fellows would be entitled as U.S. government civilian employees overseas under the Standardized Regulations of the Department of State):
A living quarters allowance, which substantially covers the cost of housing arranged by the Mansfield Foundation and may cover the cost of furniture and utilities.
A post allowance to cover Japan's high cost of living.
An education allowance to help parents provide children with educational services ordinarily provided without charge by U.S. public schools (kindergarten through twelfth grade).
A shipping or excess baggage allowance of up to $1,000 for personal belongings of Fellows and their families in their move to Japan.
Round-trip, economy-class airline transportation on an American carrier for each Fellow and his or her immediate family members (spouse/children only) who live in Japan for at least six months.
About the Foundation | Asian Opinion Polls | Mansfield Fellowships
Foundation Programs | Publications & Outreach | Support the Foundation
© 2005-2009 The Maureen and Mike Mansfield FoundationGE is one of the many companies that has added photo sharing app Instagram to its arsenal of social media tools. Up until now, professional photographer Noah Kalina has been running the company’s Instagram and Tumblr accounts where the photos are shared, but now they’re on the hunt for a new ‘Instagrapher’. And they’re going straight to the source.
The company is using the app itself to find its next hire. To get a shot at being GE’s official Instagram photographer, all you have to do is share your photos on the app, but be sure to tag them #GEInspiredMe.
There are four categories related to GE’s work, which you can use as a source of inspiration for your shots. The categories, Moving, Curing, Powering and Building, leave a lot of room for you to get inspired, creative, and take some pretty impressive photos.
Submitted photos will then be shared on GE’s Facebook page, where fans can vote for their favourites, and then a team of judges will select the finalists – who not only get a chance at a pretty cool job, they’ll also get a free trip to the UK to visit a GE factory where their skills will be put to the test.
To find out more about the competition, check out GE’s Facebook page, and watch the video below:
To see how other companies are using Instagram to promote their brand, check out our list of 10 of the app’s early adopters.- Outdoor Lighting
- Post Lights
- Line Voltage Outdoor Post Lighting
- Hinkley Lighting 2207SZ Cape Cod Medium Outdoor Post Light Sienna Bronze
Hinkley Lighting 2207SZ Cape Cod Medium Outdoor Post Light Sienna Bronze
Product Item#
2207SZ
List Price:
Price:
$279.00
(You save $139.50)
Product Description
Sienna Bronze finish with clear seedy glass.
Item Details
- Product SKU
- 2207SZ
- Finish:
- Sienna Bronze
- Dimensions
- 21.25″ Height x 11.25″ Width
- Voltage
- 120 Volt
- Lamp Type:
- Candelabra
- Maximum Wattage
- 40 Watt
- Number of Lamps:
- 3
- Material
- Solid Brass
- Glass Type
- Clear Seedy Glass
- Listing Type:
- Yes
- Weight
- 17 lbs
- Theme
- Cape Cod
- Family
- Lanterns
Find Similar Products by Category
Customers also viewed
$748.50$499.00 $868.50$579.00 $223.50$149.00 $418.50$279.00 $538.50$359.00In the days, weeks and months prior to her death Monday morning on the tracks just north of the San Antonio station in Mountain View, Heather Russell had been systematically and brutally beaten, friends and colleagues said. They insist there is more to her death than a suicide, and they don't want police to close the case.
Read the full story here Web Link posted Thursday, May 7, 2009, 1:03 PM
Town Square
Friends question circumstances behind suicide
Original post made on May 8, 2009
Posted by anonymous
a resident of Old Mountain View
on May 8, 2009 at 7:56 am.SHARK TOOTH DIVE
Venice is the"Shark Tooth Capital of the World". Our waters were prehistoric feeding grounds for the ancient giant shark, Carcharocles Megalodon. On one of our specialized Shark Tooth Dive charters you can find giant shark teeth, manatee bones, whale bones, prehistoric horse bones or other unique fossils. All fossil dives are in the 25-35 foot depth range allowing for plenty of bottom time.
The average visibility in our diving area is 4 to 9 feet although teeth can be found in as little as 2 ft visibility.
We offer daily Shark Tooth Dive trips, except for some holidays. The Shark Tooth Dive is always weather dependant.
On dive days, we'll tell you what time to meet when you book your dive. A Shark Tooth Dive is a 2 tank dive; tanks and weights are included in the price, $84(plus tax).
Each diver is required to present a Dive Certification Card upon check in. For the dive you will need a fine mesh bag for holding the fossils you find and a compass. We sell shark tooth bags in our shop, designed especially for the job. for finding the best sites. It is US Coast Guard certified for 12 divers.
If the excitement of finding a rare tooth or other unique fossil appeals to you, then join us for a Shark's Tooth Dive!
Combination Dive
We also offer a Combination Dive. This is a 3 tank dive that will include an artificial reef, a ledge and a Shark Tooth Dive. This is a great way to see all the types off diving we have here. We offer this dive 2 times a month. Check the calendar page to see availability.
Locations will be chosen based on the current conditions.The depth of the artificial and ledge dives ranges from 45 to 55 feet and the Shark Tooth Dive is in 20 to 30 feet. Tanks and weights are included in the price, $125. We provide bottled water and our world famous cookies.
This dive is suitable for beginner Open Water divers. Each diver is required to present a Dive Certification Card upon check in. and safety gear for a fun and safe trip. We are US Coast Guard certified for 12 divers.
Custom Trips
We can also customize a trip for your group. Spearfishing,sightseeing whatever you want. Price will be based on how many divers and type of trip. Please call for more info.
Rental Gear
We have a full line of quality rental gear for your convenience.
SAVE THE BAGGAGE FEES - RENT IT!
Reg $15
BC $15
Tank $10
Nitrox $15
Wet Suit $15
Mask W/ Snorkel $5
Fins w/ Boots $10
Hood,Boots or Gloves $5
Dive Flag $8
Weight .35 per lb
Bubble Watcher
The cost for a Bubble Watcher is $42 and is contingent on space available.Looking for a leisurely lunch near AGO or Union Station
My husband and I are coming into town on Thursday to take in the Diego & Frida exhibit at the AGO, and would like to have our annual "Christmas Lunch" afterward. This has become a "splurge meal" tradition for us - we're willing to spend up to $100/person, and would prefer to take our time enjoying a few glasses of wine and ideally sharing several small plates.
We're probably about a 7/10 on the adventurous scale. I'm not a huge seafood fan, but he is - oysters would get bonus marks from him.
We'd also like to be either close to Union/Go station or easy access to TTC. We've enjoyed the wine bar on Church in the past, but I'd like to try something different this year.
I appreciate your suggestions!
-
I like Biff's for lunch....
Oysters might be available at lunch. They're usually available at dinner time.
Frank's food hasn't been impressing me much the last couple visits.Thanks."
This exercise resulted in some needed changes. Some changes were easy, such as making sure that I received e-mails addressed to the secretary of state rather than having them filtered through staff who determined what was important enough for me to see. I reasoned that I should be accountable to the taxpayers for e-mails directed to me. Other decisions were hard, such as recognizing that some long-time state employees did not share my sense of urgency to provide taxpayers the best customer service in state government.
For three-plus years, we've been challenging the status quo and unleashing the creativity and enthusiasm of our staff members, who share the same vision I spoke of during my time in the legislature. I still remember a hot Wilson County night in 2009 when I told a crowd of approximately 200 about the new customer-centered government we were beginning to deliver. Then, as now, we are focused on creating value in each and every transaction for our customers – the taxpayers.
It has been my privilege to share this message with thousands of citizens in civic and community groups in all parts of our state, and I have been overwhelmed by the positive response. You can take heart at the pride our employees take in setting a new standard for state government. They are more productive than ever. When I took office, our departmental funded positions totaled 444. By this time next year, that total will be 387 – but instead of using these numbers as an excuse to do less, we are never complacent in our efforts to meet the highest standards of accuracy, customer service, and accountability.
In fact, when I served in the legislature, I often spoke of a state government that treats every tax dollar as a sacrifice on the part of the taxpayer. I am pleased to have the opportunity to put those words into practice now as I lead the Department of State. Our 2013 budget, currently pending in the legislature, will be down to just over $26 million with an additional $500,000 to be returned to the general fund! This is a $4 million decrease from our 2009 budget of $30.6 million. You can rest assured that we understand your hard-earned taxpayer dollars are not Monopoly money. Our employees are committed to good stewardship of these resources -- after all, they are taxpayers as well.
We have been willing to make a lot of hard decisions; we have enjoyed many successes and have learned from our setbacks. I am proud of the “can do” attitude our people demonstrate. They are engaged, they are tearing down walls, and they are setting a new, higher standard for state employees.
Often people will call, e-mail, or tell me in person when I see them at their civic group, “I know you don't hear good news very much, but let me tell you about my experience...” Usually I smile and thank them, knowing that in our department compliments easily outnumber complaints and that our people are shattering long-standing stereotypes about state employees.
While this is a brief overview of the last three-plus years, I am even more excited when I think of what is left to accomplish as we build a culture that will be the envy of any organization, public or private.
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to serve you and our fellow Tennesseans – you are my customers. If I can ever be of assistance, please contact me at (615) 741-2819 or e-mail me at tre.hargett@tn.gov.NB -:
· In the second quarter (March 31-June 29), NBCSN posted its most-watched primetime quarter ever, highlighted by the NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs, averaging 722,000 viewers - up 14% from '13 (632,000).
· In the key Adult 18-49 and Adult 25-54 demos, NBCSN set quarterly primetime records averaging 354,000 and 375,000 Q2 viewers, respectively.
· NBCSN also set a record for second-quarter Total Day viewership with an average of 191,000 viewers - up 25% from '13.
VIEWERSHIP HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE FIRST HALF OF 2014:
·.
· The 10 best weekday daytime audiences in NBCSN's history were provided by its 10 weekdays of Sochi coverage and the network's five highest viewership totals for weekend daytimes also came during coverage of the Sochi Games.
· NBCSN televised 62 Stanley Cup Playoff games, averaging 1.227 million viewers - the best Stanley Cup Playoffs ever for the network. The 2014 Stanley Cup Playoffs ranked as the most-watched NHL playoffs on cable since 1997.
· NBCSN delivered the Premier League's three most-watched months ever on U.S. sports cable, averaging a record 476,000 viewers in February, as well as 442,000 viewers in March, and 414,000 viewers in January.
· Over the first six races of the 2014 season on NBCSN, Formula One averaged 377,000 viewers -- up 111% from the first six races of the 2013 F1 season (179,000 viewers).
· Through five races, NBCSN's IndyCar coverage registered 390,000 average viewers, up 34% from the 2013 season (291,000).Pretend to be married...
Katherine Heigl (ex-Izzy Stevens, "Grey's Anatomy," "One For The Money," "27 Dresses") joined an all-star cast for "The Big Wedding" due out this fall. Her co-stars in the comedy film include Robert De Niro ("Meet The Parents," "Cape Fear," "Raging Bull"), Diane Keaton ("Something's Gotta Give," "The First Wives Club"), Susan Sarandon ("Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps," "Thelma & Louise"), Robin Williams ("Good Will Hunting," "Mrs. Doubtfire," "Good Morning Vietnam"), Amanda Seyfried ("Dear John"), and Topher Grace ("That 70's Show"). Check out the video sneak peek below.
Watch the Grey’s Anatomy Season 9 spoiler video.
Also check out our Reality TV Rush and our Celebrity ScoopStephanie Pratt Faces Six Months in Jail for DUI
Reality check for Stephanie Pratt: the Hills star might go to jail.
Pratt, 23, was formally charged Wednesday with suspicion of driving under the influence, TMZ reports. Her potential sentence: up to six months in jail and a $1000 fine.
Pratt was arrested (with $5000 bail) in the early hours of Oct. 18 after leaving castmate Holly Montag's birthday shindig at L.A. club Empire.
See stars of The Hills then and now
Two breathalyzer tests registered .08 and .09; the legal limit is .08.
Spencer's little sister has admitted in the past to drug and alcohol addiction -- as well as a battle with bulimia.
Check out Stephanie and others at the Us Hot Hollywood Party
On Tuesday, the star wrote via Twitter "inner peace...keeping the faith-its good to be reminded that its all about perspective".Success
Entrepreneurs
Motivation
Startups
Quotes
Life
Podcasts
Videos
News
About
Success
Entrepreneurs
Motivation
Startups
Quotes
Life
Podcasts
Videos
News
About
Authors
Posts by Joel Brown
Joel Brown
764 POSTS
312 COMMENTS
Joel Brown is the CEO and Founder of
Addicted2Success.com
. With a long time passion for Entrepreneurship, Self development & Success, Joel started his website with the intention of educating and inspiring likeminded people all over the world to always strive for success no matter what their circumstances....
5 Ways to Supercharge Your Morning Habits
Apr 18, 2015
There are a million and one articles out there about the top habits and the best morning rituals to follow. And that's awesome, because habits...
The Millionaire Who Read a Book a Day for 30 Days – Chris Harder
Apr 14, 2015
I recently caught up with the professional network marketer, millionaire and entrepreneur "Chris Harder" to find out what he discovered last month during his...
5 Ways to Master Your Money and Impact Millions of Lives – Tony Robbins
Apr 9, 2015
I'm still pinching myself, to see if this was all just a dream or true reality. Ive been putting this out there for a few years now,...
How to Discover The True Essence of Love & Success – Preston Smiles
Apr 1, 2015
Preston Smiles is a motivational speaker, love and happiness coach and Youtube star who empowers his audience to live a life of happiness and to love fully. The...
Achieving Success Through Meditation & Higher Consciousness – Deepak Chopra
Mar 27, 2015
This is a post I am uber excited to share with you. I was up nice and early at 2am Perth, Western Australia time this...
How to Dominate Instagram & The Digital Magazine Space – Nathan Chan
Mar 24, 2015
Nathan Chan is a bootstrapping entrepreneur that launched Foundr Magazine while working a full-time job. It has since been ranked in the top 10...
The #1 Fatal Mistake People Make Around Achieving Success
Mar 6, 2015
Neuroscientist, New York Times Best Selling Author and Self Development Expert "John Assaraf" shares the #1 fatal mistake people make around achieving success. He then...
How To Live a SuperHuman Life – Wes Chapman
Mar 2, 2015
In this podcast interview I go deep with Wes Chapman on what it means to live your life with purpose, to squeeze the juice...
Step Into Greatness (Motivational Video)
Feb 25, 2015
Tony Gaskins is one of the most sought-after speakers in the USA. He speaks on topics of love, business, success and self-development. He has addressed audiences for...
How to Turn your Adversity Into Triumph – Jack Delosa
Jan 30, 2015
We recently interviewed Aussie Multi-Millionaire, Entrepreneur and Investor Jack Delosa on the Addicted2Success Podcast, to find out how he made $25 Million by the age...
10 Powerful Habits Of The Super Successful (Infographic)
Jan 30, 2015
Habits are the key cornerstones to uber success. Habits are those little energy bolts of action that propel you closer to your goals. A majority...
3 Ways To Maximize Your Life & Riches – Tai Lopez
Jan 23, 2015
Joel Brown Interviews Multi-Millionaire Investor and Entrepreneur "Tai Lopez" to discuss Why Self Development is so damn important when it comes to living a...
101 Stay Strong Quotes To Inspire You to Never Give Up
Jan 16, 2015
It's hard to stay strong when you feel like giving up. It feels like your world is crumbling down around you, and there is...
4 Ways To Be an Epic Entrepreneur – Gary Vaynerchuk
Jan 2, 2015
I had the opportunity to sit down with Marketing Genius, Investor and Multi-Millionaire Gary Vaynerchuk in New York to discuss Entrepreneurship and what it really...
How To Live A Fearless Life – Peter Scott IV
Dec 29, 2014
"Peter Scott IV" is the Founder of the Fearless Mindset Academy and Creator of the 90-Day Fearless Fitness Challenge. He is one of the...
24 “Dwayne Johnson” Motivational Picture Quotes
Dec 27, 2014
He has graced the covers of many bodybuilding and fitness magazines and won his way into our hearts through his charismatic and kick ass...
(Motivational Video) Why Do We Fall
Dec 27, 2014
Why do we fall? Great question. But does it really matter if we do? What really matters is whether or not you get back up after...
How To Connect With The Super Successful – Steve Sims
Dec 22, 2014
Steve Sims is the founder of BlueFish, a concierge firm that organises amazing travel, experiences and parties for the rich and famous. Steve is a master...
Discovering The Real You – Alan Watts
Dec 18, 2014
Here is an amazing lecture given by British Philosopher, Writer and Speaker "Alan Watts". Who are you really? This is a great speech that reflects on...
36 Quotes From The Incredible Mind of Elon Musk
Dec 16, 2014
Possibly the coolest rich guy on the planet, and arguably more interesting than Steve Jobs. Elon Musk has made a massive dent in the...
How to Win In The Gym & In Life – Adam Ali
Dec 12, 2014
In this weeks Addicted2Success podcast Joel Brown catches up with Adam Ali aka "AdamWontLose" to talk about what it takes to win in the...
Living and Breathing Your Passion (Inspirational Video)
Dec 8, 2014
Here is a great video by The Journey of Purpose which contains very inspiring messages by Randy Pausch, Steve Jobs and Will Smith. This video...
Creating Mini Habits To Reach Success – Stephen Guise
Dec 5, 2014
Stephen Guise founded the award-winning Deep Existence blog in 2011. He has been writing about and researching personal growth strategies since 2004 and has written...
4 Effective Ways To Master Your Mindset – Jeffery Combs
Dec 2, 2014
World class strategy and mindset coach Jeffery Combs has mentored over 9000 individual clients and has been an entrepreneur for over 30 years. Jeffery's coaching...
32 Inspirational Abraham Lincoln Quotes
Dec 1, 2014
Abraham Lincoln is remembered as one of the greatest American presidents of all time. Abe Lincoln fought for equality within the US and was eventually assassinated on......
50 Inspirational Joel Osteen Quotes To Live By
Nov 27, 2014
Best Selling Author, Pastor and Inspiring leader Joel Osteen packs out a venue with 38,000 people every week to share gods word and his words...
1
2
3
...
26
Page 1 of 26
Trending
How To Make $25 Million By The Age of 27 – Jack Delosa
Oct 29, 2014
Australian Entrepreneur, Investor & Author, Jack Delosa has amassed a net worth of $25 Million at the age of 27. Jack has rubbed shoulders with...
5 Ways to Master Your Money and Impact Millions of Lives – Tony Robbins
Apr 9, 2015
How Multi-Millionaire’s Think – T. Harv Eker
May 1, 2015
Achieving Success Through Meditation & Higher Consciousness – Deepak Chopra
Mar 27, 2015
Featured
5 Ways To Trick Your Inner Critic
May 21, 2015
6 Steps To Success For An Entrepreneurial Mindset
May 20, 2015
6 Things We Can Learn From Mark Cuban And Bill Gates
May 20, 2015
POPULAR CATEGORIES
Success Advice
570
Videos
283
Motivation
155
Life
126
Quotes
98
News
91
Startups
72Call-A-Teller gives you the convenience and privacy of phone access to your accounts 24-hours a day. Just call..By: Mira Eitan
In 1884, a year before his death, Sir Moses Montefiore, then 100 years old, made his last donation to the new village of Rishon le Zion, birth place of the modern Israel wine industry. Over 100 years later a young Englishman with blue eyes made aliyah (immigrated) to Israel. The great, great grandson of Moses Montefiore’s heir had the same objective – to contribute to Israel and to advance Israeli wine. He began by specialising in the ‘on trade’ – hotels & restaurants – and then worked to progress the exports of Israeli wineries. This is the story of Adam Montefiore – The Ambassador of Israeli Wines!
CONTINUING THE FAMILY TRADITION
The roots of the Montefiore family began in Italy in a small village called Conca Montefiore. At the end of eighteenth century the family immigrated to England. One of the children was Sir Moses Montefiore, known from all the history books of Eretz (the land of) Israel as a philanthropist & founder of the cornerstone of modern Jerusalem. He was wine lover and we are told that he drunk a bottle of wine every day. When he came to Israel / Palestine he tasted the local wines and wrote even then, that Jews should plant vineyards & produce wine. Moses Montefiore put his thoughts into action by purchasing the first land to be owned by Jews with the express purpose of encouraging agriculture.
The Sebag family arrived in England from Mogador (Essaouira), Morocco over 200 years ago and became related to the Montefiore family by marriage. Sarah Montefiore, Moses’ sister, married Solomon Sebag. Moses Montefiore himself had no children, and when the time arrived, he looked to find an heir. He decided that the nephew he liked most, Joseph (son of his sister Sarah), would be most likely to continue his work but a condition was that he changed his name. This was how Joseph Sebag became Joseph Sebag Montefiore. From Joseph, a large family grew with children, grandchildren etc. One of direct descendents was called Adam!
In 1884, a year before his death, Sir Moses Montefiore, then aged 100 years old, made his last donation to Israel requesting that it should go to the new village of Rishon le Zion (then a settlement, today the 4th largest city in Israel.)
Over 100 years later, a young Englishman, with shining blue eyes landed in Israel. He was the great, great grandson of Joseph Sebag Montefiore and arrived for the same reason – to contribute to Israel and to the Israel wine industry. This is how the story of Adam Montefiore began at Carmel Winery (then Carmel Mizrahi) in 1990.
CHILDHOOD & WINE IN ENGLAND
Adam Montefiore was born in Kensington, West London to a famous Anglo Jewish family. As a young man, he lived in London with his three brothers, two of whom are today well known writers. After finishing his studies, and he searched for work experience. Adam, a practical man, wanted to enter the real world. In the end he did a Business Management course at Bass Charrington. This was then the largest brewery & drinks company in England, the largest hotelier in the world and they had extensive wine interests. Originally he had no connections with the drinks world, but there is a certain drinks culture in all Englishmen through the traditions of the English pub.
However Adam found himself absorbed in this new world, initially studying beer, and then wines & spirits. He learnt about production, how to taste and finally about the drinks market and took the WSET (Wine & Spirit Education Trust) courses & exams. England was a good place to learn about wine and Bass Charrington owned the Augustus Barnett chain of wine shops, the Bordeaux negociant, Alexis Lichine and wine & spirit shippers Hedges & Butler. They also owned Chateau Lascombes in Margaux and were agents for Chateau Mouton Rothschild.
He began as a regional sales manager selling wines, spirits, beer & soft drinks and learnt about the food & beverage world through the Bass public house, hotel & restaurant interests. Eventually Adam became director of Wine & Liquor Development for Bass Hotels (then Holiday Inn & Crest Hotels International, now called Intercontinental Hotels) responsible for the purchasing, marketing & selling of wine within the hotel group.
He was also responsible for compiling wine lists and wine education for wine waiters & sommeliers. He became known for the variety & quality of his wine lists and for the competitions he organised for sommeliers. He was a founder member of the Academy of Wine Service, formed to raise the standards of wine service. Eventually, in recognition for his work in this field he was eventually made an Honorary Member.
In this position he had the opportunity to work with wines from all over the world
and in the mid 1980’s he came across the wines of the Golan Heights Winery for the first time. He saw the big improvement in Israeli wine and was quick to put Israeli wines on the wine lists of sixty Bass Hotels throughout England.
THE LAST ZIONIST
He enjoyed his job in England, but something was missing. He had a nice house in a Cotswold village in Oxfordshire, England, but it was important to Adam that his children were brought up in a Jewish environment – difficult abroad. His family was very Zionist – so the only place to go was Israel! Adam had visited Israel seven times as a tourist, liked the country, the history, the food & the people. He was prepared to give up everything to make aliya and immigrate to Israel.
To make aliyah is difficult especially for a couple with three children, (Liam was then 13, David 6 & Rachel 3) without work or job offers & without knowledge of Hebrew. Adam was not sure if he would find work where he would be able to use his expertise in wine, but despite this, thought the risk well worth taking. In November 1989, he arrived in Ra’anana, which became his roots in Israel. Adam liked the country immediately. For the rest of the family it was more difficult and took longer.
He looked for a place within the wine industry but at that time there weren’t so many opportunities. He was in contact with all the wineries but to no avail. He then looked for work systematically in other drinks companies, food companies & hotels. After six months of searching, he finally received an answer & accepted an offer to work with Carmel Mizrahi with both hands. He was made responsible for Hotels & Restaurants – an area he was familiar with from his work in England.
AT WORK IN ERETZ HA’KODESH – THE HOLY LAND
Initially, Carmel was unsure whether or not to take him on. On the one hand, they saw a person with a knowledge & experience from the world of wine that no-one else could match yet. On the other hand he did not have the language. In the end, Avraham Ben Moshe, CEO of Carmel, decided to take Adam after weighing up what he could offer. Carmi Lebenstein , Sales and later Marketing Director, did not hesitate to warmly recommend Adam because she recognized the great potential. “I knew Adam could make a great contribution to the company” she said. “I took the responsibility to help him with the language, and wrote his letters for him in Hebrew. That’s how it began.” Adam was responsible for being the wine consultant for restaurants & hotels and began to get a reputation for the advice & assistance he gave. Much of his time was spent compiling wine lists in new stylish & informative ways, teaching people how to sell wine and also on wine education for the professional market.
His professionalism was appreciated by hoteliers & restaurateurs. “From Adam I first learnt it was possible to speak about wine for days on end without a break!” said Carmi. “All my memories are good – he was professional, a nice person, fun to be with. It was difficult for him to cope with the Israeli mentality at first, but he eventually adapted.” Carmi complimented him for pioneering wine by the glass, which did not exist previously, in order to overcome the customers’ opposition to the quantity & price of a bottle. He also taught waiters how to sell the second bottle to those that were prepared to buy.
Adam worked for Carmel for two years, learnt to be ‘Israeli’, studied the language & the local wine market. Wanting to progress & develop, he then moved to the Golan Heights Winery as Market Development Manager. From 1992 he dealt with sales promotions, training & tastings – concentrating as before on the ‘on trade.’
In England he had organised sommelier competitions with the participation of famous wine & food personalities. In Israel he started ‘Pras Yarden’ – The Yarden Award for Wine Service, which he organized & managed for five successful years. This was the first competition for wine waiters in Israel. Professional wine service improved year on year. He also organized the country’s first ever sommelier course with an emphasis on his special interest, matching food & wine.
AMBASSADOR OF ISRAELI WINE
In 1994, he became Export Manager firstly only for Europe, then later International Marketing Manager worldwide. To his regret he gradually gave up the education & training role, but he was able to devote himself to exporting Israeli wines.
He started the job, which was in effect ‘The Ambassador of Israeli Wine,’ marketing Yarden, Gamla and Golan wines. During a three year distribution agreement, he also worked with Tishbi Winery and later he was involved with the early years of Galil Mountain. Shalom Blayer, Managing Director of Golan Heights Winery from 1998, who worked with Adam for five years said: “Adam Montefiore is a man of wine culture. We did not have this sort of person in Israel; he was someone who understood all aspects of the business & knew how to deal in wine. In addition his knowledge increased all the time.” Shalom continued: “Adam is an encyclopedia about wine – there is no book or magazine about wine that he doesn’t know. His legacy to us was the professional library he set up. He has an interest & awareness of the written history & presentation of wine, which is not usual amongst Israelis. I enjoyed working with him & respect him. He is a good friend.”
After nearly 11 years at Golan Heights Winery, he returned to Carmel, where there were many new developments, including a new CEO & a new atmosphere of change. Adam was put in charge of the Export Department as International Marketing Director.
David Ziv, CEO of Carmel Winery, commented: “I am pleased Adam has returned to where he began. He has come home. Adam brought with him, both previously & now, his knowledge & experience. He gave us a great deal at the beginning, did excellent work at the Golan Heights Winery, and has returned to give more. Apart from his professionalism, he has excellent contact with people, an understanding of marketing and the ability to provide quick management solutions. Adam is also very modest. I see in him a very serious business partner in all the changes we are making.”
David Ziv adds: “I think he has a future in other things not just marketing.” Adam adapts quickly & we are happy he is with us.”
One of their first innovations was to form ‘Handcrafted Wines of Israel’ – a consortium of the finest boutique wineries in Israel (Amphorae, Bazelet ha Golan, Castel, Chillag, Flam, Hamasrek, Margalit, Saslove, Tzora, & Yatir wineries) which Adam set up & managed, to advance Israel as a quality wine producing country abroad.
VISION
Adam is an expert on our region. He obviously knows the Israel wine industry, but has special interest in the wines of the Eastern Mediterranean including Cyprus, Greece, Lebanon, Turkey. He believes that maybe Israel is too small to be noticed on its own. However if you take the Eastern Mediterranean as a wine region, it could create new interest. Adam says: “There has been a revolution in wine in the southern & eastern Mediterranean. We are in the heart of the most historic wine region. Israel & Lebanon are similar in size; the food & geography are similar. One day I hope we can work more together.” To promote awareness of this region and encourage the pursuit of quality, Adam arranged sponsorship of: ‘The Carmel Trophy For The Best Producer in the Eastern Mediterranean’ at the International Wines & Spirits Competition in London.
He says “Israel will always keep its place in the kosher world, but a lot of work is required if we are to be effective in the general wine market. I am very proud to represent Israeli wine. We make some really high quality wines.”
If you could change something Israel, what would you do? : “The lack of pride in Israeli wine bothers me. It annoys me if local journalists write only about imported wines and when restaurants do not give enough attention to Israel wines. We should support & cherish our own as happens in other countries.”
“We have a great range of wines in Israel, different grape varieties & terroirs, and young people who have learnt abroad have returned to further develop our industry. I am proud to be a small part of the revolution but this is not enough. Missing is the pride in the national product and this I want to change.”
SUMMARY
Whereas during the nineties, Adam Montefiore was an integral part of the team that built the successful brand of Yarden, since December 2002 he has been part of the rejuvenation and renewal of Carmel, and the launch of Yatir, one of Israel’s most exciting new boutique wineries. During his time in Israel he has been involved with the launch of some of Israel’s most famous wines like Yarden Katzrin, Galil Mountain Yiron, Carmel Limited Edition and Yatir Forest and been part of many of the positive changes that have occurred in Israeli wine. Now he is Wine Development Director of both of Carmel Winery and Yatir Winery.
In his spare time, Adam continues to write articles about wine for both Israeli and international publications. He wrote the forward and main essays in ‘The Wine Route of Israel’, the chapter on wine in ‘The Book of New Israeli Food’ and the main text for ‘Wines of Israel.’ He wrote the sections on ‘Israel’ and ‘Kosher’ for The Oxford Companion To Wine by Jancis Robinson. He also continues to contribute to Hugh Johnson’s Pocket Wine Book, as he has done for many years, and readily supplies information on Israeli wine to other famous wine journalists, always trying to advance the Israel brand.
However though a passionate advocate of Israeli wine, he is not complacent. “We are on a journey. Don’t look where we are now. Look where we were 20 years ago and think where we may get to in the next twenty years!”
Mira Eitan is the editor of Wine & Gourmet, Israel’s premier wine magazine.
She originally wrote this article for and updated it for ‘Em All a Big Fat Lip).
There are exceptions, of course, starting with the excellent post-punk single “Waiting” (which is reminiscent of The Replacements), and the country-tinged “Tiny Treasures.” But there’s not much enthusiasm or imagination behind many other tracks, including the moderately loud track “Rock and Roll Forever,” which sees the band nearly repeating themselves, as the chords sound a lot like the ones used to power “Right Hand on My Heart” from Mission Control. Elsewhere, “Couple of Kids” is just a plain but lame and uninspired attempt at a love song, though the next and acoustic track “Thank You” captures such a mood a little better.
In all, Enjoy the Company has some enjoyable tracks to be sure, but it is largely a bump in the road for The Whigs. However, just 10 years and four albums into their career, it’s too early to write them off. Mission Control is still their best album, but there’s plenty of time for Gispert and his band to record a true masterpiece. It just didn’t come close to happening this time around.
Photo credit: Joshua Black WilkinsPowered by SidelinesOne person was killed and two others are in critical condition after a crash Saturday in St. Johns County.
The crash happened around 9:15 a.m. on State Road 13 at Ranchwood Lane.
The Florida Highway Patrol said a Volkswagen Beetle driven by Barbara Holmes, 67, of Jacksonville, attempted to complete a left turn onto Ranchwood Lane, colliding with a Camaro driven by Stephen Pippin, 25, of Green Cove Springs.
Troopers said the right side of the Beetle struck the left side of the Camaro.
Holmes' passenger, 69-year-old Owen Holmes of Jacksonville, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Both Barbara Holmes and Pippin were taken to UF Health Jacksonville where they were listed in critical.We drove to Manuel Antonio with no hotel reservations and happened to stumble upon Villas Nicholas. We asked for a tour of the property and they happily took us to the different available room types. We opted for one with a huge balcony that overlooked the hills and ocean. It had a hammock that gave it the "vacation" vibe. The room itself was basic, but nice. I have to say the appeal really was the feeling of being on a tropical vacation. Views to die for, a room that was open and had nice accomodations, and good location. There was even a cat that I believe to be the resident cat, that liked to come visit with us :) This is not a place with lots to do. The pool is small with a small outdoor bar, but breakfast was delish and was walking distance to good restaurants and a really cool airplane bar. The beach is a few minutes down the hill, as well as the National Park (a must see) We only stayed in Manuel Antonio for one night, as we were sight seeing as much of Costa Rica as we could. Would definately return!Title and Link: Out of Focus
Author: L.A. Witt
Cover Artist: Angela Waters
Publisher URL: Samhain Publishing
Amazon Buy Link. :)
This is so totally up my alley. Thanks for the review Wave; from the blurb alone I’d have skipped this.
I don’t know what happened to my earlier reply but I’m trying again.
I loved the way the author handled the D/s relationship but most of all she didn’t insult my intelligence with the threesome aspect. The issues were all out on the table and the protagonists really had their their work cut out before they could achieve their HEA. You must let me know if you enjoyed this story. :)
I’ve already pre-ordered this and am impatiently waiting.
Hi Laura
I think you will really like this book. I sure did. :)
I have been excited for this since I read the excerpt a while back. Very excited!
jayhjay
The characters are exciting and fun so you’ll really love them.
Thanks for the great review, Wave! Glad you enjoyed the boys. :)
L. A.
Lori
I really loved the book and have re-read it already. :) You have to stop writing so fast.
Really glad you enjoyed it! :)
Slow down? Pfft. What fun would that be? ;)
Lori
I’m not normally a fan of m/m/m, but this sounds really good! One for the TBR shelf.
Finn
I like M/M/M but most of them disappoint – this one was an exception and I think you will really love the characters.
Thanks for the review Wave. I’m putting this one on my to-read list. I OD’d on BDSM books about a year ago and haven’t really touched them since, but this one might bring me back.
Do the POV’s shift within all the chapters or just Ch18? I usually prefer the POV shifts to happen at chapter or scene breaks – especially with threesomes. The pronoun “he” is a harsh mistress when you’re trying to figure who’s saying what in an M/M/M scene.
:???:
Diane,
The POVs only shift within that one chapter. Otherwise, each chapter is one POV. :)
L. A. Witt
Hi Diane
I think you will appreciate how L.A. Witt handled the BDSM in Out of Focus. As I said in the review, BDSM is important to the story since both Dante and Angel are Doms and they love to dominate their submissives, but they do so with a lot of sensitivity. BTW the sex is intense. :)
Re the POV shifts – every chapter is told from a different POV during scene breaks. In Chapter 18 it was different because this happened in the same scene. Dante, Jordan and Angel each had 3 POV’s and there was no break except for an additional line break, which doesn’t really show in Kindle format. This chapter was very short (10 PDF pages) so you can probably appreciate my confusion. However now that you know you will be able to watch for the shifts. :)
I am not a fan of books with threesomes (when it’s just sex, I love them actually :wink: ) But if the book is about a 3 way relationship with 3 guys falling for each other, well that’s when I have a hard time getting into them.
Buuuut, this is by LA Witt, and to me her books are must-reads, so I know I will be reading this and I know I will love it. Her sex scenes are so hot hot hot! :sex2:
Hi Daanquai
This book is definitely about three men who love each other, although it didn’t start out that way. L.A’s writing is what attracts me to her books, not the sex, because for me less sex is better, but even with the amount of sex in her books I can’t resist them.
What can I say? I think you will enjoy Dante’s, Jordan’s and Angel’s story and I really love the ending.
Thanks for the rec, Wave – I’ve been meaning to sample LA Witt’s writing for a while now (especially as we now share an editor at Samhain), and this sounds like the perfect book to start with. I’m on a BDSM binge at the moment, but finding really good books is hard work.
Actually, if you have any recs for well written BDSM novels, I’d really appreciate it. I just don’t want anything that glorifies what amounts to abuse and rape – that turns my stomach. Mind you, reading the more romantic stuff, I’m starting to become sick of the “perfect” Dom who always knows what’s best for his sub. Can’t the Doms be flawed and human too?
Hi Josephine
Out of Focus is definitely one of Lori’s best books. Her sense of humour is evident throughout and I love her writing. I have been reviewing her since the first M/M that she wrote, Rules of Engagement, and she’s come a long way since then. What I like about her is that she loves to experiment and her book Static demonstrates that in spades
I’ll get back to you with a few recommendations for BDSM books that I enjoyed and I’ll post them here. :)
One book that comes immediately to mind is Soft Focus by Jaye Valentine and Reno MacLeod and here’s a link to Cole’s review.
I hope you get it. Jaye and Reno are supposed to be writing a sequel to this book sometime soon.
Thanks Wave – that one looks great. I look forward to more recs!
I’m planning on writing a novel involving one character who is into the lifestyle, and I’ve ordered several non-fiction books to help me research, but some well written fiction would be a nice diversion from the whipping textbooks – LOL
If you need to talk to someone I would highly recommend James Buchanan who has written many books about the lifestyle.
James wrote a post almost 2 years ago on BDSM which is the most popular post on the site with almost 23,000 hits. Here’s a link to it:
I regard James as an expert. This is his email address
eroticjames@gmail.com
Tell him I recommended that you contact him – he’ll be happy to help.
You should check out some of James’ books, most of which are reviewed here.
PS: He loves rope play. lol.
PPS: I should mention that in his post James gives not only advice, but many links to various sites and books that you will find of interest if you want to write a book about BDSM.
Thanks Wave! I know I read that article ages ago, but it was great to revisit and find all those links. I was pleased to see I already have one of the non-fic books James recommends :smile:
Thanks for the review Wave – usually I don’t like threesomes but this one sounds like it really works. I’ll definitely be buying this on Tuesday!
Leslie
You won’t regret getting this book. There’s a lot of emotion as well as high intensity sex here, but the best part is that the relationship is believable. I really hope you enjoy Out of Focus.
Girl, you’re killin’ me with your reviews for books I can’t buy yet and desperately want to read. Now I’ll spend all Tuesday refreshing the publisher’s web site. :grin:
What about me Enny? I have had some of these books for over 3 months before I can review them. It’s harder for me to shut up about a book I really love that I can’t review for months. lol. :eek: Check this out – I have Josh Lanyon’s latest Mummy Dearest which won’t be released until some time in October. Don’t you feel sorry for me? :wallbash:
BTW the publishers love to have these books reviewed WAY in advance so they can be pre-ordered, but I would never do that to you. lol.
Poor Wave: :hug: Yes, I do feel sorry for you. Shutting up about exciting news it sooo hard for us girls :wink:
You may laugh at me but I forgive you. :grin:. :) I loved the characters and as I said in the review, Angel is my absolute favourite. This book would have been 5 stars for me, but I couldn’t overlook chapter 18 which confused the hell out of me. At least the warning worked for you. :)
Wonderful review Wave! I’ve only read one LA Witt book to date – Static – and that blew me away. I’m trying to find more BDSM books (just finished Concubine and loved it) and think I’ll be reading this next :):Search 10,855 area jobs with DC's #1 Source for Jobs
Browse jobs by Function
- Accounting - Accountant 169
- Administrative 714
- Analyst 676
- Education - Teaching 606
- Healthcare - Nurse 382
- Intern 327
- Management 1652
- Marketing 170
- Security / Public Safety 205
Browse jobs by Industry
- Construction 292
- Engineering 634
- Financial Services 389
- Government - Federal 23
- Government Contractor 106
- Healthcare 909
- IT 1493
-.Adopting Ordinance
AO Adopting Ordinance
Government Code
Chapter 100 General Provisions
Chapter 105 Elections
Chapter 107 Administration
Chapter 110 Mayor and City Council
Chapter 115 City Officials and Employees
Chapter 117 Industrial Development Authority
Chapter 119 Conflicts of Interest
Chapter 120 Open Meetings and Records Policy
Chapter 125 Municipal Court
Chapter 130 Library and Library Advisory Board
Chapter 135 (Reserved)
Chapter 140 Taxation
Chapter 150 Boards, Commissions and Committees
Public Health, Safety and Welfare
Chapter 200 Police Department
Chapter 203 Fire Prevention and Protection
Chapter 205 Animal Regulations
Chapter 210 Ordinance Violations
Chapter 215 Nuisances
Chapter 220 Human Rights
Chapter 225 Emergency Management and Civil Disasters
Chapter 230 Solid Waste and Recyclables
Chapter 235 Parks and Recreation
Chapter 236 City Tree Board Ordinance Violations and Yield Intersections
Schedule III Parking Restrictions
Schedule IV No Through Truck Traffic
Schedule V School Bus Loading Zones
Schedule VI One-Way Streets
Schedule VII Snow Emergency Routes
Schedule VIII Commercial Vehicles Prohibited From Using Certain Streets
Schedule IX Flashing Signals
Schedule X No Through Traffic
Schedule XI Commercial Vehicle Traffic — Weight Restrictions — Local Deliveries Only
Land Use
Title IV Notes Notes and Appendices
Chapter 400 Planning and Planning and Zoning Commission
Chapter 405 Zoning Regulations
Chapter 410 Subdivision Regulations
Chapter 415 Floodplain Management
Chapter 420 Stormwater Management Regulations
Chapter 425 Historic Preservation Commission
Building and Construction
Chapter 500 Building Codes
Chapter 505 Dangerous Buildings
Chapter 510 Streets, Sidewalks and Other Public Places
Business and Occupation
Chapter 600 Alcoholic Beverages
Chapter 605 Business and Occupational Licenses and Regulations
Chapter 607 Merchants and Manufacturers
Chapter 608 Peddlers and Solicitors
Chapter 609 Vendors
Chapter 610 Auctions and Auctioneers
Chapter 615 Pawnbrokers
Chapter 620 Taxicabs
Chapter 625 Businesses Supplying Utility Services
Chapter 630 Cable Television Regulations
Chapter 635 Adult Businesses
Utilities
Chapter 700 General Provisions
Chapter 705 Waterworks System
Chapter 710 Sewers
Chapter 715 Cross-Connection Control
Chapter 720 Electric Current Distribution System
Cross ReferenceIf you’re thinking of relocating when you retire, you may want to consider one of the best cities in America.
Conde Nast Traveler had readers rank their favorite cities in the United States, and the list is a look at some of the best places not only to live, but also to retire.
Check out the list below of the Top 5 locations (or check out Conde Nast’s full list of 10 here).
#5:.
#4: Honolulu, Hawaii
Reader Rating: 79.5
Fresh seafood, great beaches, stunning vistas and treks to waterfalls and hidden parks are all part of Honolulu’s charm. The Big Island is a major draw for not only tourists, but retirees looking to escape from the bustle of life in the U.S. without leaving the U.S.
The city always gets high marks from Conde Nast readers, who have voted it up the list in recent years.
#3: San Francisco, California
Reader Rating: 79.9
Sure it’s cold in July, but for the farmers’ markets, great bars and restaurants, and proximity to everything you could possible want from a city, San Fran is one place that is hard to beat.
Ride the trolleys and get fresh baked sourdough bread, tour the piers or just have a picnic at one of the city’s amazing parks.
#2: Santa Fe, New Mexico
Reader Rating: 81.2
An artist mecca, Santa Fe has blossomed like a flower in the desert — boasting an array of art galleries, hot eateries (especially the tongue-torching kind), and historic architecture and Old World culture.
Its outdoor markets are not to be missed, with arts and crafts that are as unique as the city itself.
#1: Charleston, South Carolina
Reader Rating: 83.2
If the southern hospitality doesn’t hook you, certainly the charm and old Southern style will. Charleston offers great shopping, fine dining, and interesting boutique shops — all within walks that leave you spellbound by its colonial beauty. Stroll along the water or through a live oak-lined park — stop for a drink to beat the heat in the summer or in the cooler months try a carriage ride through the historic downtown.
It’s no wonder this is the favorite city — and not a bad place to spend the rest of your days in wonder, and peace.This has been a season of leggings, especially for those us who have been feeling the sweet consequences of the holidays & blizzards in the north-east. However, that’s no reason to get lazy about your style, especially when leggings come in all prints & patterns. Floral leggings are a stylish play on stretchy bottoms & the possibilities of outfits are endless, thanks to my friend, Kristen, who came to me with this idea. In my latest Fabulous in 4 Ways post, instead of styling just one pair of floral leggings, I sought out four must-have & affordable pairs to wear for day, work, date night, & weekend looks.
When headed out on daily errands, coffee with the girls, or planning your next dinner party, floral leggings work, allowing for a mixture of textures to enrich your daytime look.
SHOP: leggings ($24.99) in multi @Bluefly, sweater ($24.90) in navy / orange @Forever 21, boots ($55.00) in taupe @ALDO, bag ($25.16) @Chic Nova, & stud earrings ($5.00) in gold @Wallis.
Depending on your office environment, floral leggings are also a possibility for your work look. When it comes to casual Friday or a business casual dress code, try leggings with a mini dress, boyfriend cardigan, or long blazer.
SHOP: leggings ($14.69) @Lord & Taylor, sheath dress ($17.80) in black @Forever 21, ankle booties ($19.97) in grey @Nordstrom Rack, tote ($17.99) in black @Shoptiques, & necklace ($8.74) @Target.
When it comes to date night, instead of a classic LBD, try floral leggings with some metallic detail, which instantly dresses up your look. Pairing them with a pop of color & luxe accessories is the perfect way to dress to impress.
SHOP: leggings ($14.00) @Boohoo, blouse ($28.27) in red @Romwe, boots ($25.99) in black @Shoes.com, clutch ($21.99) in gold @6PM, earrings ($9.80) @JC Penney, & necklace ($8.74) @Target.
I love weekend looks because they present a combination of casual & chic. If you’re going to a B&B, traveling to a vineyard for a four-day weekend, or reading a good book & drinking hot chocolate, layering cozy separates in lightweight fabrics can transform the way you enjoy your down time.
SHOP: leggings ($10.00) @H&M, blouse ($19.99) in pink @MANGO, cardigan ($12.95) in black @H&M, ballet flats ($11.99) in black @Wet Seal, tote ($21.00) @Shoptiques, stud earrings ($6.93) @Express.
Do you dare to wear floral leggings? How do you like to style them? Would you wear floral leggings on a date or to work? For more stylish posts, check out Megan Fox & Felicity Jones’ latest red carpet looks, Viktor & Rolf’s Spring 2015 Couture collection, how to wear the fringe trend for spring inspired by Scarlett Johansson & Heidi Klum, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley’s street style for less, & affordable ear cuffs & front to back earrings from Nasty Gal & River Island. Happy Styling!Simpson, Morag Macdonald
(2001)
Thomas Aquinas' concept of freedom in the context of his treatment of God's knowledge of future contingents.
PhD thesis, University of Glasgow.
This thesis examines Thomas Aquinas' concept of human freedom in the context of his treatment of God's knowledge of future contingents.
Much has been written about Aquinas' attempt to solve the problem of how humans can act freely if God knows all future things, but little of that work comments on a major underlying assumption in his treatment of the problem - namely, the concept of human freedom presupposed. This thesis therefore seeks to establish the nature of the freedom that Aquinas was assuming in the important discussions of God's knowledge of future contingents.
Chapter 1 sets out Aquinas' statement of the problem and his solution to it, that since God is outside time, he knows things not as future but as 'present'; and knowing x as 'present' imposes no necessity on x itself. Some criticism of Aquinas' solution is reviewed. It is noted that although Aquinas' approach seems to imply a concept of freedom which includes the possibility of doing otherwise than one does, other interpretations are possible. It is noted also that modern commentators hold differing views on what Aquinas' concept of freedom is.
Chapter 2 examines the link between contingency and freedom and makes the point that, for Aquinas, contingency in human behaviour seems to arise from the peculiarly human way of bringing things about i.e. by voluntary action. As a preliminary to looking at his analysis of voluntary action, Aquinas' distinction between 'human acts' and 'acts of man' is noted and a further distinction drawn between 'simply' and 'fully' voluntary acts. It is concluded that the nature of freedom will be found in Aquinas' description of human, or fully voluntary, acts.
Downloads per month over past year
Glasgow Theses Service
LEGAL: Disclaimer | Freedom
of Information | FOI Publication Scheme | Privacy |
© UofGPan).
The German Panzer IV H Platoon contains:
- 5 x individually sculpted Panzer IV H tanks
- 5 x tank commanders
- German stowage
- 10 x rare earth magnets
- Panzer IV decal sheet
Free worldwide delivery on all Flames of War.
Adding non-Flames of War items to an order that includes Flames of War items will incur a postage charge but you will only be billed for delivery of these additional items.On Saturday, July 9, 2011 city residents turned out for the ACT (Atkinson, Capitol, Teutonia) Festival, held in honor of the late Will Perkins, Jr. who owned Perkins Family Restaurant. The festival included live music, food, and a health fair. Many city officials turned out to participate, and a neighborhood family was honored. Pictured to the top are officials, Sen. Lena Taylor, Ald. Milele Coggs and State Rep. Barbara Toles. Pictured at the bottom are the dancing sensation the Jazzy Jewels. (Photos by Robert A. Bell)Date:
September 4, 2014
Location:
Marriott Philadelphia Downtown
1201 Market Street
Philadelphia, PA 19107.
If you're serious about becoming a diplomate, this course could make the difference.
Presented by leading educators and clinicians, this course focuses on preparing the candidate to succeed in the oral portion of the board examination.
Participants will have the opportunity to be part of numerous mock examinations and will learn skills to deliver an impressive performance. Learn about the various domains contained in the American Board of Pediatric Dentistry examination, successful test taking techniques and how to be prepared for this type of high-stakes clinical examination. Additionally, participants will learn how to organize, remember and present pediatric dentistry information and literature.
At the conclusion of the course, participants will have gained a better understanding of how to prepare for the exam including:
Schedule (tentative)
Thursday, September 4
8 a.m. - 8:30 a.m.
Registration and Continental Breakfast
8:30 a.m. - 8:45 a.m.
Part 1: Introduction and Logistics
8:45 a.m. - 9:05 a.m.
Case 1
9:05 a.m. - 9:25 a.m.
Case 2
9:25 a.m. - 9:45 a.m.
Part 2: Case and Examination Structure
9:45 a.m. - 10:05 a.m.
Case 3
10:05 a.m. - 10:25 a.m.
Case 4
10:25 a.m. - 10:40 a.m.
Break
10:40 a.m. - 11:10 a.m.
Case 5
11:10 a.m. - 11:40 a.m.
Part 3: Strategies for Success
11:40 a.m. - 12 p.m.
Case 6
12 pm - 1 p.m.
Lunch
1 p.m. - 1:40 p.m.
Attendees Administer Cases 7 and 8 to Each Other
1:40 p.m. - 2 p.m.
Part 4: OCE Case Anatomy and Case 10
2 p.m. - 2:15 p.m.
Case 9
2:15 p.m. - 3:40 p.m.
Part 4: OCE Case Anatomy
3:40 p.m. - 3:50 p.m.
Break
3:50 pm - 4:05 pm
Part 4: OCE Case Anatomy
4:05 pm - 4:20 pm
Case 11
4:20 pm - 5 pm
Cases 12, 13 and 14
5 pm - 5:30 pm
Questions/Wrap Up
This course is eligible for 8 hours of continuing education credit.
Invited Faculty:
Paul Casamassimo, D.D.S., M.S. - Dr. Paul Casamassimo is professor and chair of the Division of Pediatric Dentistry at the Ohio State University College of Dentistry. He has been involved in the Oral Clinical Examination of the American Board of Pediatric Dentistry since its inception, providing cases and administering the examination. He has also served the board in the past in development of its former written examination and reading list. He is a diplomate of the ABPD, past president of the AAPD and practices pediatric dentistry in a hospital setting.
Dr. Henry W. Fields, Professor, D.D.S., M.S., M.S.D./b>- Dr. Henry W. Fields is professor of orthodontics and served as dean of The Ohio State University College of Dentistry from 1991 through 2001. He currently teaches undergraduate and graduate students in pediatric dentistry and orthodontics and maintains an intramural practice. Additionally, Fields assumed the position of Division Chair of Orthodontics on November 1, 2006. A native of Tipton, Iowa, Henry received his BA from Dartmouth in 1969, his DDS and MS in pediatric dentistry in 1973 and 1975 respectively, and his MSD in orthodontics from the University of Washington in 1977. He was engaged in teaching, research, patient care and administration at the University of North Carolina from 1977 until 1991.
Location:
Accommodations:
$185 single/double occupancy
Reservations can be made by calling the Marriott Philadelphia Downtown hotel directly. Be sure to mention the AAPD in order to get our special room rate, and be sure to ask about any early departure and cancellation fees. Reservations can also be made online by clicking here. Room rates listed do not include applicable room tax, currently 15.5 percent.
To take advantage of our discounted AAPD room rate, make your reservation no later than August 4, 2014. Marriott Philadelphia Downtown Hotel is accessible by the following major airports. Distance and average taxi transportation costs are as follows:
Philadelphia International Airport: (10 miles) $26 one way
Online
Click here to download a registration form. Fax registration form to AAPD Meetings Department at (312) 337-6329 and please call the AAPD to confirm that your fax has been received.
Deadline for early registration is August 4, 2014. Space is limited with registrations being accepted on a space-available basis. Please note that space may fill up prior to the early cut-off date. After August 4, 2014,.The chief of one of Australia’s largest apparel chains has urged retailers to alter their business models rather than hope for a cyclical recovery in sales.
“With Zara and Hollister and Gap coming into our space the world has changed," Mr Perlstein told The Australian Financial Review after stunning the market on Friday by flagging a threefold increase in December-half net profit. He said overseas travel, the strong Australian dollar and price discovery through online shopping had permanently changed consumers’ perceptions of value.
“They’ve seen what prices are in store – that opening of the eyes is the most profound event that’s taken place, in my opinion," he said.
“If retailers are not acknowledging there are structural changes they won’t do this [investment] – therefore it will be at their peril."
Mr Perlstein attributed Specialty Fashion’s increase in first-half profit – from $6.2 million to a forecast $18 million – to its decision to radically restructure its supply chain, establish an in-house design and development team to differentiate its product range from those of local and overseas rivals and to develop a fully integrated digital and online strategy. “What we’ve done in terms of our supply chain is a complete rewiring of our DNA," he said.
“We used to only think about the month we were looking to buy for – we are now thinking about that month 12 to 18 months in advance," he said.
The group is now sourcing 55 per cent of its products directly from China, Bangladesh, Cambodia and Vietnam – reducing costs – and is aiming to directly source 70 per cent over time.
After establishing a 10-strong design and development team at its Sydney headquarters, Specialty Fashion is now designing and developing more of its product range, rather than relying on suppliers to dictate styles, fabrics and colours. Online sales have risen from 2 per cent to 3.6 per cent of total revenue after the launch of e-commerce sites for all the group’s brands. For some labels, such as City Chic, which caters to plus-size women, online sales exceed 15 per cent.
Higher average selling prices and lower product and freight costs helped Specialty Fashion boost gross margins by 477 basis points to a record 62.4 per cent in the December half, making the retailer one of Australia’s highest-margin retailers.
According to a Macquarie Equities report released last week, the average gross margin of Australian listed and unlisted apparel retailers rose by 370 basis points to 59.5 per cent between 2006 and 2011.
However, most of the gross margin gain came not from major changes to business models but the strength of the Australian dollar, which rose 34 per cent over this period.
The cost of doing business as a percentage of sales for apparel retailers soared 520 basis points to 52.1 per cent, squeezing profit margins as occupancy costs rose 190 basis points and labour costs 110 basis points.
Macquarie Equities estimated – and Mr Perlstein agreed –that the average apparel retailer needed about 1.7 per cent sales growth to offset further rises in labour and occupancy costs.
However, many retailers, including Myer, David Jones and Noni B, are struggling to achieve sales growth in the face of subdued consumer sentiment and structural changes such as the stronger Australian dollar, the entry of dozens of overseas retailers (online and through bricks and mortar stores), price discovery through online shopping and higher savings rates as households rebuild balance sheets.
Those that have failed to radically overhaul their business models are struggling to increase sales and earnings.
Last week, for example, Noni B flagged a 21 per cent to 29 per cent fall in first-half net profit after flat sales in the six months ending December.
“Retailers that are continuing to improve, either reducing prices or improving product quality, are best positioned," says JPMorgan.
“Retailers that do not innovate and improve the consumer experience will struggle."
Mr Perlstein is confident the worst is over for Specialty Fashion, which has suffered a $30 million fall in profits over the last two years and withheld dividends last year.
With $45 million net cash on the balance sheet, Specialty Fashion may be in a position to reinstate dividends this year.
The board will meet in the next two weeks to consider capital management.
Brokers have increased their full- year profit forecasts from about $6 million to $20 million after Friday’s earnings upgrade, sending Specialty Fashion shares up 38 per cent to 97¢, a near two-year high.
“We’ve done the base business model changes, we’ve done the big stuff and now it will be good consistent meaningful investment along the way," Mr Perlstein said.
The Australian Financial ReviewThe Lobster takes place in a future where single people are given 45 days to find a mate before being turned into animals The post Alchemy Acquires The Lobster, Starring Colin Farrell and Rachel Weisz appeared first on ComingSoon.ne.... Show More Summary
Ever felt societal pressure to find 'the one' and settle down? Don't worry so have the characters in Yorgos Lanthimos' brilliant, dystopian film The Lobster, who, upon becoming single after their partner dies or dumps them, are granted just...
Colin Farrell is not the only star to have recently done well by the classic gray suit. Mad Men star Jon Hamm took on the staple for a screening of the the show’s final episode. Wearing Brioni, Hamm took to a gray houndstooth super 160’s...Show More Summary
Spoiler alert: Interview reveals certain details about the film The Lobster. While Hollywood has piled on a number of reboots on Colin Farrell’s lap, read Fright Night and Total Recall; the Irish actor continues to revolutionize hisShow More Summary
Following up a chic, cool gray suiting number from The Lobster photocall, Colin Farrell kept his style momentum going as he celebrated the film’s premiere during the 2015 Cannes Film Festival. Posing for pictures, Farrell, who is currently...Show More Summary. PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Colin Farrell The night before, Colin [...]
Colin Farrell looks super dapper as he attends the premiere of his new movie The Lobster held during the 2015 Cannes Film Festival on Friday (May 15) in Cannes, France. The 38-year-old actor was joined on the red carpet by his co-stars Rachel Weisz, John C. Reilly, Lea Seydoux, Ben Whishaw, and Jessica Barden. Earlier [...]
Colin Farrell signs autographs while touching down at the airport for the 2015 Cannes Film Festival on Thursday (May 14) in Nice, France. That same day, Ewan McGregor was spotted landing at the same airport. Colin is in town for his film The Lobster, a dystopian near future about single people who are obliged to [...]
… READ ON... More »
Oh wow Colin Farrell looked really good at Cannes – dlisted Kesha talks eating disorder, sudden fame, more – Celebitchy Is Robert Herjavec begging Kym to marry him?! – Celeb Dirty Laundry Girls star confesses to buying Kim’s selfiesShow More Summary
Face of Dolce & Gabbana’s ‘Intenso’ fragrance, actor Colin Farrell, was spotted in Cannes wearing a grey suit from the label while at the photocall of ‘The Lobster’. Colin is set to take over the summer season with a lead role on the second season of HBO’s hit show, ‘True Detective’.
The post Colin Farrell Goes Grey in Dolce & Gabbana at Cannes appeared first on The Fashionisto.
Do you feel bad about being single? Well, Colin Farrell's new movie, The Lobster, which debuted at Cannes this morning, takes the culture's anti-singlehood feelings to their logical extreme. The English-language debut of Greek director Yorgos Lanthimos (Dogtooth, Alps) imagines a future in which the law decrees you must couple... More »
Colin Farrell checks out his bloody knuckles in this brand new trailer for the second season of True Detective! The 38-year-old actor is joined in the trailer by Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch, and Vince Vaughn. PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Colin Farrell “This girl’s gone missing. Nobody cares. The interior is poisoned and [...]
The new season of True Detective is almost here! On Thursday, HBO released a new one-minute trailer for the upcoming season, which is set in Los Angeles and stars Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Taylor Kitsch, and Rachel McAdams. HBO unveils...Show More Summary
New characters. More intense feelings. Loud noises. Pointy things going into wooden things. Colin Farrell in a cowboy hat. That's right. It's the latest trailer for the second season of HBO's True Detective. This longer trailer tells us a whole...
Murder, missing kids, whispering in dark rooms, Colin Farrell. Here you go: This is the long-awaited “real” trailer for season two of HBO’s True Detective. Read more...
Rachel McAdams, Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Taylor Kitsch, and multiple teaser videos on Instagram have us hooked. Is is June 21 yet?
Colin Farrell picks up some flowers and packs up his car on Mother’s Day Sunday (May 10) in Los Feliz, Calif. The 38-year-old True Detective actor recently opened up about how he keeps his body in tip top shape. He told Conde Nast Traveller that he’s a big fan of hiking, hot yoga, and green [...]Scan negatives the awesome way: by taking pictures of them
Next Story
Colorware brightens up your iPhone 4… for a price
If you don’t want to spend the bills on a high-quality negative scanner, but do want to get some of those old black and white 35mm rolls backed up digitally, this one’s for you. Basically, all you need to do is get yourself a toilet paper roll or two, stick them together, mount the film at the other end in an old slide mount, and stick the whole thing on the front of your camera.
I’d recommend a short telephoto lens on a crop sensor — around 75-120mm ought to be fine. Get a strong light source behind the film, double check your focus, and start snapping away.
[via DIY Photography, Gizmodo, and Wired]
0
SHARESWyo. soldiers recognized Aug. 18
Date posted: September 5, 2013
SHERIDAN — Wyoming Army National Guard’s Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 2nd Battalion, 300th Field Artillery, based in Sheridan, presented awards and promotions Aug. 18.
Capt. Aaron Ohnstad of Guernsey received an Army Commendation Medal for his time as the commander of HHB, 2-300th. He has been a member of the Guard for 18 years and works as a technician with Camp Guernsey Joint Training Center.
1st Sgt. John Zorbas of Buffalo recently received an Army Commendation Medal for his time as the first sergeant of HHB 2-300th. He has been a member of the Guard for 28 years and is the operations noncommissioned officer with the battalion.
Capt. Shawn Stensaas and 1st Sgt. Michael Taylor, both of Cheyenne, accepted the HHB commander and first sergeant positions, respectively, from outgoing commander Capt. Ohnstad and 1st Sgt. Zorbas.
During the ceremony, Taylor was also promoted to the rank of first sergeant. Taylor is an Active Guard and Reserve Soldier for the WANG, working full time in Cheyenne.
Stensaas is a jailer for the Laramie County Sheriff’s Department.
Reader Comments
Tell us what you think. The Sheridan Press offers you the chance to comment on articles on Thesheridanpress.com. We power our commenting forum with facebook comments. Please take a look at our participation guidelines before posting.By Meegan Holland | The Grand Rapids PressTommy Allen of Rapid Growth wrote an insightful ArtPrize piece on the power of your vote as the top 10 entries are announced.
Allen hosted a party complete with deejay Wednesday night at San Chez bistro as a last-minute push for his "Kissing Booth" ArtPrize entry. But his Rapid Growth article encourages people to carry on the momentum created by ArtPrize and keep the conversation alive.
The blog Good.Is talks about lessons learned from ArtPrize, in an article titled "What an Art Prize in Michigan Can Teach Us About Building Better Cities."
Come to MLive at 6 p.m. today for live coverage of the ArtPrize top 10 announcement.
It said ArtPrize proves that huge projects can come together in lightning-fast time. It also noted that the project gave artists permission to be entrepreneurial. We've certainly heard many an artist say they've learned a thing or two about promotion - and some have been irritated by the more aggressive self-promoters (or publicity hogs, whatever's your take).
SmartPrize on Twitter has been following the event closely, and says it's "here to help educate and assist voters to make smART choices during ArtPrize."
SmartPrize raised the issue of having different prize categories: "We are ... thinking a Community Spirit Award would be appropriate. Maybe a local benefactor will be inspired to do further awards."
WOOD-TV reported that four ArtPrize volunteers were robbed as they walked near Wealthy and Fuller. But hey, that robbery could have happened to anyone - ArtPrize related or not. In fact police arrested the suspects after another alleged robbery at Lyon and Lafayette, according to WOOD.
WZZM-T provides video on the Living Breast project, by Denise Milito, River House Condos.Pittsburgh Steelers running backs Rashard Mendenhall
and Isaac Redman
were unable to practice Thursday. Both players are currently listed as questionable and will likely be game-time decisions before their Sunday Night Football game against the Cincinnati Bengals. Mendenhall is dealing with an Achilles' tendon injury and Redman is recovering from a knee injury. The pair combined for a measly 22 yards on 11 carries last week during the Steelers' 26-23 loss to the Tennessee Titans.
Fantasy Analysis:
If both players are inactive, Jonathan Dwyer
would be the presumptive starter ahead of Baron Batch
and Chris Rainey
. Cincinnati ranks 21st in the NFL in rushing yards allowed (116.8 ypg). Point being, this is a solid matchup for whichever back takes on the featured role. The problem is that fantasy owners will already have their lineup set by the time Pittsburgh hits the field during their late game. It may be best to avoid this situation unless there is a report that strongly suggests Mendenhall will be ready to play.Gig Ryan has
published five books, with another forthcoming from
Brandl and Schlesinger. She is
poetry editor for The Age.
Dignitaries
1.
The light abides, the hailing trees
rattle around the house with a shrinking list
gradually cancelling all that you need, the tap
of life drips in the sink
Weeds weave and the grey tiled factory roof fills your
window
Factory birds pipe like an alarm
2.
She's doing the "mastering"
Dust green light treacles across the floor
in their expressive house
His voice clings like gladwrap, favoured servant
Bored by the men's music
I'm so into not having a car
and find you in my dreams
my talisman, my completion
budding through years
3.
The father beats his wife and kids, but basically
a "good bloke" and by the end loveable
The film's patriarch chant
"Counselling the murder victims
here in Ekatarinberg, the main highway
for top-grade heroin,
I've had a great hit,
That's Thursday, 8.30"
Night plucked from its box
Receipts dangle, the coiled phone snaps
reassess the opening gift, the gaffe
4.
"I cut him when my eggs halved
Now I rub preservatives into my books and skin
curiously satisfied with life's bricks
I inject my heart to enter your city
"And light is thy fame"
The household junkie puffs her libation to the keyless
tenant
It was time out but hammed"
5.
Proust's decorated parents he says, interviewed
Ten pages of the unassuming novelist
Coldness beseeches the window's logs
Irreconciled CD
dreams running and screaming
Unused to how to, the couples knock like boughs,
stretched tryst
The sorrow of, ladled
Dunced words you puddle like a friend
Home to the wrecked passage
and heated desk
6.
Already the day's gone
Grey clouds stretch through wire
and the last birds call
The factory's instruments clip and saw
Industry bangs shut like a bell
and belief pricks the footpath into shards of past
moments
7.
Our leader says sophistry, as in no amount of
Money and sundries spill out of the couch
Screened goody comedians spar a charm of ignorance
Clumps of work spread out
In the silent world, day draws over you
its curtained doubts in the iced street
a coupled and/or babied populace stroll
your rooms full of words slump like jewels
a cesspit, a binary set
Sometimes the ghost of the street comes to you
like a stockcube
He loves her to stop herWeezer forced to push back ‘Everything Will Be Alright In The End’ release date
August 20, 2014 by Tyler Sharp
Upcoming AP cover stars Weezer were originally scheduled to release their upcoming ninth album, Everything Will Be Alright In The End, on September 30. However, according to an official statement from the band, they have been forced to push the record's release date back a week, to October 7, due to recording sessions going over their expected time. You can read what the group had to say below.
Additionally, the band have just revealed the track listing for the effort via their YouTube channel. In case you missed it, they've already debuted the lead single from Everything Will Be Alright In The End, "Back To The Shack."
Everything Will Be Alright In The End track listing:aka460 F.2d 1293
UNITED STATES of America, Plaintiff-Appellant,
v.
Charles A. COMISKEY, Defendant-Appellee.
No. 71-1490.
United States Court of Appeals,
Seventh Circuit.
Argued Jan. 21, 1972.
Decided May 4, 1972.
James R. Thompson, U. S. Atty., Michael P. Siavelis, Asst. U. S. Atty., William J. Bauer, U. S. Atty., Chicago, Ill., for plaintiff-appellant; John Peter Lulinski, Asst. U. S. Atty., of counsel.
George J. Cotsirilos, S. Jack Michelotti, Chicago, Ill., for defendant-appellee.
Before HASTINGS, Senior Circuit Judge, and KILEY and STEVENS, Circuit Judges.
HASTINGS, Senior Circuit Judge.
The primary question before us is whether the defendant was sufficiently advised of his constitutional right as required by Miranda v. Arizona, 384 U. S. 436, 86 S.Ct. 1602, 16 L.Ed.2d 694 (1966), so as to permit the admission into evidence of his statements made to an agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in an interview conducted in defendant's office on February 16, 1970.
Defendant Charles A. Comiskey was indicted on December 17, 1970, by a federal grand jury on two counts of perjury, alleging violation of Title 18 U.S.C. A. Sec. 1621. He was charged with committing perjury concerning his testimony in the trial of a civil case entitled, First Wisconsin National Bank of Milwaukee, plaintiff, versus Charles Comiskey, Joseph R. Vaughn and William Rach, defendants, No. 67-C-1438, United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Honorable William J. Lynch, Judge, presiding.
The civil proceeding concerned a loan transaction wherein a promissory note in the amount of $35,000 had been executed and delivered to the plaintiff bank by a corporate borrower. The note bore the personal endorsement of the three defendants, including Comiskey, on the back thereof. At the civil trial, on January 12, 1970, Comiskey testified under oath in substance that he never signed such promissory note and that his name appearing on the back of the note was not his signature. After defendant Comiskey persisted in denying that he signed his name on the back of the note, Judge Lynch warned him that he was under oath and subject to the penalties of perjury. Judge Lynch then stated that he would direct the matter to the attention of the District Attorney for further investigation.
On February 2, 1971, the defendant in the instant perjury action moved to dismiss the indictment, alleging, inter alia, that his statements given to an FBI agent, as well as specimens of his handwriting, were obtained in violation of his constitutional rights. Treating the motion to dismiss as a motion to suppress evidence, the trial court denied the motion to dismiss the indictment. However, the trial court held a suppression hearing on April 2, 1971, for the purpose of determining whether the investigating FBI agent properly advised defendant of his constitutional rights. Following the hearing, the trial court denied defendant's motion to suppress the handwriting specimens but granted defendant's motion to suppress his statements given to the investigating agent.
At the suppression hearing defendant Comiskey did not testify and called as his only witness FBI Agent Robert T. Murphy, Jr. Agent Murphy testified that he telephoned defendant on February 14, 1970 (about a month after the trial), and advised defendant he wanted to interview him concerning his testimony at the civil trial involving the promissory note he was alleged to have signed.
Two days later, on February 16, 1970, Agent Murphy called on defendant at defendant's office in Oak Brook, Illinois. At that time Agent Murphy identified himself to defendant and advised him again that the purpose of his proposed interview was "about his testimony in the civil trial concerning a promissory note which he was alleged to have signed." Murphy further advised defendant that before interviewing him he would have to warn him of certain constitutional rights. The agent furnished defendant with an "interrogation; Advice of Rights" form and explained to him the rights stated on the form. The defendant then read the form and stated that he understood it; said he was willing to be interviewed concerning the matter; and signed the form. The signed copy of the form was identified by Agent Murphy as Government Exhibit A and was offered and received in evidence by the trial court. A copy of such executed form is set out in the margin herein.1
Agent Murphy then asked defendant to explain the whole story regarding his alleged signing of the promissory note and other information regarding it. Defendant then made statements in which he denied signing the promissory note (the incriminating statements set out in the indictment) and supplied specimens of his handwriting.
In suppressing his statements given by defendant to the investigating agent, the district court based its ruling on a finding that the agent did not sufficiently comply with Miranda v. Arizona, 384 U.S. 436, 86 S.Ct. 1602, 16 L.Ed.2d 694 (1966), in two respects, viz.: (1) that the agent failed to warn defendant that he was the subject of a criminal investigation; and (2) that the FBI Interrogation; Advice of Rights form was inadequate to so warn the defendant. The Government's motion for reconsideration was denied. The Government appealed pursuant to Title 18 U.S.C.A. Sec. 3731, certifying that the suppressed evidence constituted a substantial proof of the charge alleged against defendant. We reverse.I.
The Fifth Amendment of the Federal Constitution guarantees the right that no person "shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself." The extended treatment and consideration of this Fifth Amendment privilege is, of course, the subject of Miranda. The dispute concerning the application of Miranda to the case at bar is the burden of this appeal. The progeny of Miranda seems to be never ending. Without comment, we quote the Court's own summarization of its majority holdings.
." Id. at 478-79, 86 S.Ct. at 1630.
Initially the Government contends that Miranda is not applicable here because "the defendant was interviewed in his own office and was not in custody at the time of the interview, nor was his freedom of movement restricted in any manner." Further, defendant was not under arrest. In addition to Miranda, the Government also cites and relies upon United States v. Gallagher, 7 Cir., 430 F.2d 1222, 1224 (1970); United States v. Cook, 7 Cir., 432 F.2d 1093, 1106 (1970), cert. denied, 401 U.S. 996, 91 S. Ct. 1224, 28 L.Ed.2d 535 (1971); United States v. Carzoli, 7 Cir., 447 F.2d 774, 779 (1971), cert. denied, 404 U.S. 1015, 92 S.Ct. 673, 30 L.Ed.2d 662 (1972).
Relying upon our decisions in United States v. Dickerson, 7 Cir., 413 F.2d 1111 (1969); United States v. Habig, 7 Cir., 413 F.2d 1108 (1969); and on United States v. Turzynski, N.D.Ill., 268 F.Supp. 847 (1967), defendant contends Miranda is applicable even though he was not in custody, provided he was under an investigation that had shifted to one criminal in nature.
However, we need not reach and decide this applicability question here because of our resolution of this appeal on a different basis.
II.
Defendant's claim that he was entitled to Miranda warnings even though not in custody at the time of the interview, affords him no relief in the case at bar. Assuming arguendo that Miranda is applicable, our considered judgment is that it is clear beyond dispute that defendant was given full and complete warnings by the FBI investigating agent in accord with the constitutional requirements of Miranda.
At the time of the interview, Comiskey was a responsible businessman, not under arrest nor in custody. He had not been charged with a crime. The interview was conducted in his office two days after a prior request by the interviewing agent who had stated the purpose of the request. Upon arrival for the interview, the agent identified himself and again stated the purpose of the interview, i. e., to interview Comiskey about his testimony in the civil trial concerning the promissory note which he was alleged to have signed. This interview took place on February 16, 1970. This followed, by slightly more than one month, the date when Comiskey had given the subject testimony on January 12, 1970, and had received the admonition from Judge Lynch warning him of the penalties of perjury and ordering the matter referred to the attention of the District Attorney for further investigation.
With this background Agent Murphy informed Comiskey he would have to advise him of his constitutional rights and did so. He presented the Interrogation; Advice of Rights form to Comiskey who read it, stated that he understood it and was willing to be interviewed concerning the matter and signed the form. The interview followed.
Under these circumstances, we conclude that the warnings contained in the FBI Interrogation; Advice of Rights forms fully complied with the requirements of Miranda. These procedures and warnings employed by the FBI were cited with approval by the Supreme Court in Miranda).
Defendant Comiskey cannot now be heard to claim that he "could well have misapprehended the purpose of the FBI agent's interrogation." It is wholly unreasonable and specious to conclude that Comiskey was not aware at that time he was suspected of violating federal criminal statutes. There was no evidence to that effect at the suppression hearing.
In light of the foregoing, we hold that defendant Comiskey's Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination was adequately safeguarded by a full compliance with the procedures delineated in Miranda.
III.
Defendant contends that the Government's appeal pursuant to Title 18, U.S.C.A. Sec. 3731 is not well founded because its certification for the appeal fails to allege specific evidentiary facts which constitute substantial proof of the charge alleged against defendant. We find this contention to be without merit.
Section 3731, as amended June 19, 1968, by Public Law 90-351, Title VIII, 82 Stat. 237, effective at the time the instant criminal case began in the district court on December 17, 1970,2 provides in relevant part:
"An appeal may be taken by and on behalf of the United States from the district courts to a court of appeals in all criminal cases, in the following instances:
"* * *
"From an order, granting * * * certification filed by the Government in support of the instant appeal reads:
"CERTIFICATE
"Pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Section 3731, as amended by Title VIII of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, I hereby certify that this appeal is not taken for the purpose of delay and that the suppressed materials constitute a substantial proof of the charge alleged against the defendant in the information.
/s/ William J. Bauer William J. Bauer United States Attorney"
Defendant has failed to cite any authority to support his claim that the statutory certification required by Section 3731 necessitates the pleading of supporting evidentiary material. The form of the certification is not prescribed in the statute.
The rationale of both the majority and the dissenters in United States v. Mersky, 361 U.S. 431, 80 S.Ct. 459, 4 L.Ed.2d 423 (1960), would appear to indicate that the remedial purpose of the Criminal Appeals Act is to provide the United States with the right of appeal when it falls within the narrow limits of the instances specified in the Act; the Act itself to be strictly construed. Id. at 437, 80 S.Ct. 459.
Obviously one of the principal concerns of the Supreme Court in interpreting the Criminal Appeals Act has been to prevent violations of the Fifth Amendment's Double Jeopardy Clause. United States v. Jorn, 400 U.S. 470, 479-486, 91 S.Ct. 547, 27 L.Ed.2d 543 (1971). Cf. United States v. Sisson, 399 U.S. 267, 307, 90 S.Ct. 2117, 26 L.Ed.2d 608 (1970). The rule of strict construction is certainly intended to restrict the Government's appeal after a trial has begun. It would have no application in the case before us where there was only a pre-trial suppression hearing before a jury had been impanelled. Double jeopardy would not arise under these circumstances prior to the trial of the criminal charge. Jorn at 476, 91 S.Ct. 547, and Sisson at 302-303, 90 S.Ct. 2117.
Cases cited and relied upon generally by defendant, United States v. Sisson, supra and Will v. United States, 389 U. S. 90, 88 S.Ct. 269, 19 L.Ed.2d 305 (1967), concerned an appeal from a directed verdict of acquittal and the issuance of a writ of mandamus, respectively, hold that such appeals were not ones which come within the narrow limits authorized under the Act. They are readily distinguishable from the present appeal on that score.
We hold that the certification filed by the Government in support of this appeal sufficiently complies with Section 3731 and that we have jurisdiction to hear this appeal.
Accordingly, the order of the district court suppressing the interview of the defendant is reversed. The cause is remanded to the district court for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.
Reversed and remanded.
GOVERNMENT EXHIBIT "A" INTERROGATION; ADVICE OF RIGHTS YOUR RIGHTS Place-Oakbrook, Illinois Date-2/16/70 Time-12:02 p.m.
/s/ Charles A. Comiskey
Witness: Robert T. Murphy, SA, FBI
Witness:
Time: 12:07 p. m.
The amendments to Section 3731 on January 2, 1971, by Public Law 91-644, Title III, 84 Stat. 1890, through a savings clause, Sec. 14(b), provided that the 1971 amendments "shall not apply with respect to any criminal case begun in any district court before the effective date of this section [Jan. 2, 1971]."Event in May?
Expand Messages
- Hi everybody,
The semester is over and we are comming back for about a month. We were
wondering if anyone is planning or thinking about having an event this
month. We would love to see everyone while we are back. Met some local
cachers here at an event last week. May even have recruted one into the
NUTS. Another coin collecter. (I wont hold that against her though)
Look forward to hearing from you.
Rich
$jester (and crew)
Your message has been successfully submitted and would be delivered to recipients shortly.Learn how easy it is to sync an existing GitHub or Google Code repo to a SourceForge project! See Demo
You can subscribe to this list here.
Showing
4
results of 4
J 0.20.2 has finally been released:
Minor editor improvements and bugfixes, plus Armed Bear Lisp 0.0.3.
Thanks for your support.
-Peter
Tonight's development snapshot (j 0.20.1.19, lisp 0.0.2.15) is up: (source) (just j.jar)
On Sat, 26 Jul 2003 at 12:38:51 -0700, Peter Graves wrote:
> This change involved a certain amount of refactoring of the search
> code, in general, so I recommend proceeding with a bit more caution
> than usual in this area until the new code has a chance to bake.
Today Brad reported the first bug related to this change.
It turns out that the change in question (on July 26) completely broke
the multiline regexp search and replace code.
I've reverted the bits of that change that were responsible for the
breakage, and I think multiline regexp search and replace should work
correctly again now.
In addition, findPrevious (mapped by default to Shift F3 and Ctrl H)
now works with multiline regexps, which it never did before.
Thanks to Brad for reporting this bug and providing a nice test case.
Let the baking resume... ;)
-Peter
On Mon, 13 Oct 2003 at 09:07:10 -0700, Brad Brizendine wrote:
>
It's clearly a bug.
I've taken a quick look at it, but at the moment I'm not sure what's
going wrong. I'll try to get it fixed later today or tomorrow.
Sorry for the inconvenience!
-PeterJRebel Class Reload Comparison Matrix
Skip the Build
Compile in the IDE
With JRebel you avoid having to rebuild the entire application to reload code changes, this is a huge time savings.
Instead of running your full build process, simply use the compiler built into your IDE and JRebel will reload the code into the JVM.
For some users, this is as simple as saving the Java class, others just hit compile.
Maven and Gradle
JRebel also supports reloading code inside of modules and build artifacts, as long as you have the source code.
Classes and resources are read directly from your workspace, stop rebuilding your JARs, EARs, and WARs to see code changes.
There are plugins for Maven and Gradle that configure your modules for JRebel for you.
Cloud/Remoting
With JRebel you can develop in cloud environments even faster than you currently do locally.
Instead of having to repackage your application, transfer it to the a remote server, then go through the entire restart/redeploy process on the remote server, JRebel sends only the compiled changed classes to the remote server and then reloads the code changes instantly.
JRebel works with many cloud providers, firewalls are no problem. JRebel uses the same port as your application, and we support encrypting the connection for public clouds.
Some Overhead Expected
< 50 % startup-time overhead
JRebel will instrument all your application classes at load-time so somewhat longer startup time is to be expected. You will make up for it by restarting way less.
< 10 % CPU overhead
To allow methods to be added to classes, JRebel introduces some indirection on method calls that causes minor overhead.
< 2x PermGen overhead
Classes are bigger with JRebel, so it’s a good idea to double your PermGen setting, and if you have nothing at the moment add -XX:PermGen=128m to your JVM command line.
#420855 +(9093)- [X]
gentoogod: omg dude
gentoogod: today i might the stupidest 3 people i ever met
gentoogod: thier 3 brains combined couldnt solve the dilemma they faced today
siral21: what was it
gentoogod: ok before i say this
gentoogod: 100% true, not one second of a lie
gentoogod: this lady went into mcdonalds today and ordered a big mac for her
gentoogod: and ordered 2 mcgrittles one for each kid. one had bacon one without
gentoogod: her sons are around 18 or 19 so not infants
gentoogod: she went to the counter furious cause the son that wanted bacon has no bacon on his and the one that didnt want bacon has bacon on his
gentoogod: i fell on the floor beside her and couldnt stop laughing
gentoogod: so i finally stood up and asked her to repeat, thinking maybe shes drunk
gentoogod: i swear to god she looked at me straight faced and repeated it. and her 2 sons were beside her mad that they didnt get the order they wantedThe IMA light coming on is usually caused by a battery pack that is no longer charging correctly. Replacing the battery pack will turn off the IMA light.
Honda Problem Reports
Most Reported Honda Problem Reports
On certain models the drivers seat bushings can wear out and the seat can rock back and forth. Replacing the bushings are needed to repair this issue.
The ABS modulator (hydraulic unit) can leak air into the brake system and cause a low brake pedal. A new ABS modulator will be needed if it is diagnosed to be the source of the leak.
A faulty brake master cylinder reservoir filter can cause the brake system indicator to illuminate after a cold start and then go off. Replacement of the reservoir filter will commonly fix this problem.
On automatic transmissions the accumulator cover can leak due to failed o-rings. Replacing the o-rings and cover will address this issue.
Worn door locks (tumblers) can cause the lock not to work. Removing the lock and replacing the worn parts (tumblers) is needed to get the lock working again.
Integrated Motor Assist (IMA) battery failures are not uncommon. The IMA battery will require replacement when it fails.
A knock or clunk type noise may be noted from the front suspension over bumps. This is can caused by worm stabilizer (sway) bar links. Replacing both stabilizer bar links will commonly repair this issue.
Plugged moon roof drains can cause a water leak inside the car, usually over the head of the driver or passengers head when turning a corner. Cleaning the drains will fix this problem. trailing arm bushings tend to crack and break requiring replacement of the bushings.
One or both of the rear sway bar end links may break resulting in a knocking noise from the rear of the vehicle.
The air cleaner case is prone to cracking. This can make it difficult to remove the screws securing the cover, making it difficult to replace the air filter. Replacing the case is often necessary to address this issue.
On certain models the Powertrain Control Module (PCM) can misinterpret the secondary oxygen sensor data and set a false Check Engine Light. A software update from Honda is needed for this issue.
Impact to the front bumper can cause the connector on the washer pump to come off and the windshield washers will not work. Depending upon the severity of the impact it could damage the washer motor and bottle.Overview
Employment Â in Canada for physicians is expected to grow at a much faster than average ratÂ for all occupations. Job opportunities should be very good, particularly in rural areas but also in Urban areas as well. This isÂ beneficialÂ for the IMG doctor coming into Canada. The rural environment isÂ especiallyÂ appealingÂ because they get full exposure to all areas of medicine Â in a more laid back environment.
Employment change: The employment of physicians and surgeons is projected to grow 22% from 2008 to 2018, much quicker than all other occupations. Job growth is expected to occur because of continued development and expansion of healthcare-related industries. both the growing and aging population will accelerate growth in the demand for physician services, as the population continue to demand high levels of care using the latest technology, diagnostic tests, and therapies. Medical schools in Canada are hoping to increase their enrollments based on perceived new demand for physicians. However this will not be enough to meet the demands. Hence the need forÂ foreign, highly skilled physicians wanting to come to Canada
Despite the growing demand for physicians and surgeons, there are a few factors which will temper growth. For example, technology will allow physicians to be more productive, meaning physicians can diagnose and treat more patients in the same amount of time. The rising cost of healthcare can dramatically affect demand for physiciansâ€™ services. Physician assistants and nurse practitioners will be provided with moreÂ responsibilitiesÂ once administered by physicians at an economical cost. Also, demand for physicians’ services is extremely sensitive to changes in healthcare and it’s reimbursement policies. If changes to health coverage result in higher costs to provincial budgets, they may demand fewer physician services. Either way, the demand for internationally trained doctors will be needed.
Job prospects: Opportunities for individuals interested in pursuing jobs as physicians and surgeons are expected to be strong in Canada. Additionally, job openings will result from the need to replace the relatively high number of physicians and surgeons expected to retire over the next decade. Â In fact, IMG’s will be more in demand than ever before in Canada. And the changing government policies taking place by the end of 2012 prove this to be true.
Job prospects should be especially attractive for physicians willing to practice in rural and low-income areas because these medically underserved areas typically have less success in hiring Canadian and U.S. trained physicians.Â OpportunitiesÂ forÂ physiciansÂ with a specialty area dealing withÂ geriatricÂ medicine will be especially in demand. For example, specialty areas such as cardiology and radiology will really feel pressure because the risks for heart disease and cancer increase as people age.
So the future is bright for the need for IMG physicians in Canada. Over the next ten plus years Canada is expected to see a larger increase in the numbers ofÂ foreignÂ medically trained doctors. Consider theÂ possibilitiesÂ today by checking out various health authority job opportunities in Canada.Get Hooked up
Enter your email to get exclusive coupons, ticket news & special offers before anyone else!
Ashburn, VA
>
Change Location
or
Create Account
Shopping Cart (0)
800.542.4466 »
May 2014
May
|
Jun
|
Jul
|
Aug
|
Colorado Rockies 2015 News and Updates!
….
2014 Season-2015 Razorgator, All Rights Reserved, Razorgator.com and logo are trademarks of Razorgator. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Razorgator Use Agreement and Privacy Policy.We.
7 thoughts on “The Coolest And Strangest Music Instruments”
Wow this Themerin is really amazing thing… Can’t believe its that old… Great list, btw.
whoww!!! crazy that tesla coil
I love the device that can see the sound.i wanna give it a try..
love that tesla coil
Hi, this weekend is fastidious for me, because this occasion i am reading this great educational post here at my home.How do we handle his repeated questions?
Answers
One of the challenges family members face when they are dealing with a loved one with memory loss is the sometimes-daily repetition of questions, the answers to which have been given repeatedly.
The questions about dead relatives is a common one, and for your mother-in-law, each time she asks the question about dead relatives, it's the first time she's ever asked. However, for you it's almost like living inside reruns of the Bill Murray movie, "Groundhog Day" in which no matter what Bill Murray did, every day was an exact repeat of the previous day, with the same questions, the same answers, and the same situation as if the previous day had never existed. That for many victims of Alzheimer's is an active part of their disease progression.
Your mother-in-law has no memory of the death of a family member, and when the thought occurs to her that she hasn't seen her mother, brother or spouse lately, she has no recall of their death, and for her is simply asking a logical question "“ over and over and over. She is no longer capable of processing and retaining the information or the response you are providing because she is, at least in her mind, living in a moment in time when that now deceased person was still alive.
It's definitely not necessary to take her to the cemetery to prove to her that these relatives are indeed deceased, because within hours or days, she will not recall having visited their graves, and will ask where her dead relatives are today.
There is no solution to your mother-in-law's memory loss issues, but you can turn her forgetfulness into an advantage for you by responding to the question, "Where's my husband (brother, mother) by saying, "He's busy right now, but he said he would stop by to visit later." Your mother-in-law will not remember your response, nor see it as a lie, she will simply forget, and probably ask again later.
This is a technique of redirecting your mother-in-law, and using her memory loss to your advantage. However, you will not eliminate the repetition of those questions because that is part of the disease.
I don't agree with the previous answer. Why would you want to lie to someone? Just because their memories are declining doesn't mean you have to treat them like an idiot or a child and degrade their dignity further. Just tell them the truth. I don't see what's wrong with taking them to the cemetary to show them the grave of the loved one. People remember things better when multiple senses are utilized. Perhaps put a picture up on the refrigerator with the birth and death year or put up the obituary from the newspaper.
We have found that by putting the information in a tin next to where he normally sits has helped alot. We just tell him that all the info is in the tin, it seems to be working out pretty good so far.The Iraqis who had waited for their relatives since dawn grew increasingly frustrated when the amnesty did not occur by late afternoon.
U.S. administrator L. Paul Bremer had said 506 of some 12,800 detainees would be freed in a goodwill gesture from the jail, where Saddam Hussein's regime once tortured political opponents. The first 100 were to be released Thursday.
But coalition spokesman Dan Senor said officials were waiting for community and tribal leaders to guarantee the good conduct of those to be given their freedom.
"He (Bremer) said that approximately 100 would be ready to be released today. They are ready," but their release was being held up as officials waited for guarantors to step forward, Senor said.
Earlier, a military interpreter stood next to a U.S. soldier atop a Humvee and told people to go home, saying those freed would be taken by bus and dropped off at an undisclosed location.
There was confusion when three truckloads of prisoners were driven out of the facility. Those waiting rushed into a busy highway after the trucks, stopping traffic. Drivers got out of their cars and people hugged and kissed in joy.
But a U.S. official said that was a routine prisoner release unrelated to the amnesty announced Wednesday. "This has nothing to do with Bremer's announcement," Lt. Col. Roy Shere said.
U.S. and coalition troops have rounded up thousands of people suspected in attacks or funding for the anti-American insurgency in Iraq since President Bush declared an end to major hostilities on May 1.
Shere, a spokesman for the 800th Military Police Brigade, which operates prisons in Iraq, said his unit had not received any order for the amnesty. "Until we get some information that says 'release these prisoners,' they are staying put," he said.
People started arriving at the prison from first light, some driving for hours in hopes that relatives not seen for months would be among those released.
"I don't trust the Americans. They are making more enemies for themselves now by arresting innocent people," said Jassin Rasheed.
He said his brother, Omar, was detained two months ago after fighting with a fellow security guard at an oil installation.
"For revenge, they told the Americans that my brother is a terrorist," Rasheed said.
There were many other claims of unjust detentions: Bedouins arrested as they tended sheep; a son taken away because he was near the scene of an attack on American soldiers; a name given to U.S. troops to avenge some dispute; a father arrested because he had a rifle in his car.
"Everyone in Iraq has a gun," said Karim Mohammed, 30, who was detained with his brother but released 10 days ago. He said police came to their home and asked for his brother by name, then arrested the two when they found an AK-47.
"These are all false accusations," he said. "Some people are avenging themselves, anyone who wants to get his own back just goes to the Americans and reports that a person is a resistance fighter."
Coalition officials said those to be released were low-level "associates" of insurgents who were not directly involved in any attacks.
"I want to assure you that this is not a program for those with bloodstained hands," Bremer said Wednesday. "Nor will we release people accused of torture or crimes against humanity."
The release of Iraqis held indefinitely and without charge has been a top demand of the country's community and tribal leaders, as well as human rights advocates who say families are searching for relatives who get detained and are not heard from for months.
Bremer appeared to be addressing those complaints, and said relatives of those not released would be given more access to detainees.
One military official described the typical prisoner to be freed as a person swept up in a raid that also captured "more dangerous persons" and perhaps weapons. Another official suggested the detainees may have acted out of fear of Saddam Hussein's possible return.
Bremer described the release as a pardon for some Iraqis who worked against the U.S. occupation.
"They made a mistake and they know it," he said. "But we are prepared to offer some of them a new chance." Those to be freed must first sign a statement renouncing violence and have a community or tribal leader accept responsibility for their conduct, he said.
The total number of detainees was not known. The military announces dozens of arrests daily, but many apparently are released within hours or days. Some have complained of ill-treatment.311 Music, Songs, Videos, Pictures
Welcome to Rock artist: 311's music. You can find here 311 music videos, great songs, pictures, latest news, reviews, biography, and much more... To sum it up: we've got 14 311 videos & mp3s (if you're lucky: downloadable songs), 311 pictures, 4 311 news articles, and much more...
311: News/Biography
311 and Sublime With Rome on Unity Tour 2011 to release Uplifter
311 released Don't Tread On Me
311's Greatest Hits to release Greatest Hits 93-03
More 311: Songs & Music Videos
When you checked out 311 new & top songs and want more, then here are more goodies :-).More Songs by 311Every once in a while you meet someone you really connect with and get on with. Whether it’s your because of a shared hobby, a common experience, a similar sense of humour or for a reason completely tangential or unexplainable, you just do.
Her Excellency Karine Kazinian, the Armenian Ambassador to theUnited Kingdom and Ireland, was one of those people.
I first met Karine after our mutual friend Charles Tannock, a Member of the European Parliament forLondonand one of Europe’s leading foreign affairs experts and human rights advocates, suggested I might like to meet Armenia’s new Ambassador to the UK. She was, Charles told me, looking to “make a difference” during her time in the capital.
We met for lunch at a small Italian restaurant in Notting Hill; the aim of our meeting being to discuss ideas for how to improve awareness in the United Kingdom of the challenges facing Armenia.
It’s often said that first impressions are the most important ones you ever form about a person and that remedying negative ones is an uphill or almost impossible task. Thankfully, my first impressions of Karine never changed. “Welcoming”, “friendly”, “convivial”, “sincere”, “caring” and “confiding” are all adjectives that came to mind – and never ceased to be words I associated with her.
At our first meeting we spoke at length not only about what we could do to help Armenia– a small, landlocked nation steeped in ancient history and possessed with a people whose integrity and dignity is peerless – but about our lives and families. Before long, she wasn’t an Ambassador to me; she was my friend.
She was fascinated to hear about my Brazilian background, exchanging Portuguese phrases with me that she had learned during her time working in the Soviet Embassy in Mozambique and Portugal. She listened with delight as I outlined by holiday plans in Armenia, offering to organise me guided tours of Yerevan and introductions to her many friends throughout the city. She asked about my brother and sister, smiling from ear-to-ear when I told him my brother had been admitted to Oxford and my sister was saving lives every day as an intensive care nurse. She also spoke about her own family, telling me stories about the fervent pride her son living in Moscow had at being Armenian, her daughter’s recent wedding and her son-in-law’s burgeoning career as a comic illustrator. I don’t know any of her family – but the warmth with which she so often spoke about them makes me feel a strange familiarity with them.
It’s exactly a year today since Her Majesty The Queen welcomed Karine to Buckingham Palace to formally induct her into the Court of St James. In that time, she has truly changed the face of relations between the UK and Armenia; helping people to better see the wood from the trees when it comes to some of the misconceptions that exist about the country and forming an indelible link in the mind of everyone that met her between the word “Armenia” and an image of hospitality, decency and kindness.
The archetypal image of a senior diplomat, one honed in the minds of most from scenes of elaborate drinks parties in James Bond films, is that of a mildly aloof figure dispensing formal niceties to the assembles hordes in a mechanical manner, secretly aghast at having to deal with the marauding masses.
Karine wasn’t like that; she was genuine. And that’s why everyone who came into contact with her adored her - other members of the diplomatic corps, Members of Parliament, Peers of the Realm or the legion of young politicos she once unwisely allowed me to unleash upon her wine collection!
Despite being tremendously dedicated to and outstanding able at her job as a diplomat, Karine had never intended to become an Ambassador.
At heart she was a scholar, mother and wife, elevated to the role of Armenian Ambassador to Romaniaafter the tragic death of her husband in his early 40s. Initially asked by then President Levon Ter-Petrossian to temporarily hold the fort in Bucharest as Chargé d’Affaires, she went on to serve as the country’s Ambassador to Germany and Deputy Foreign Minister with responsibility for negotiating the EU-Armenia Association Agreement before coming to London last year.
I landed at Amsterdam Airport a little after 7am yesterday morning to an email letting me know that Karine had passed away during the night as a result of complications arising from surgery.
When we last met up a few weeks ago, she mentioned she would be going to Los Angeles for a complicated and potentially risky operation – but only after she had secured a meeting for President Sargsyan with UK Ministers and organised a successful series of events to celebrate the 20th anniversary of British-Armenian relations. She did both of those things with her typical style and aplomb, putting her sense of service to country well ahead of her own personal needs – just as she always did.
It’s gut-wrenching for those of us who counted Karine as a dear friend to think that we’ll never seen her again.
For her family, the pain at this cruel twist of fate must be unbearable. I only hope that, when the initial devastation passes, her family will be able to draw upon not only their own memories of her but the affection of so many others felt for her and smile.
Yesterday morning, I contacted a colleague of Karine’s to offer my condolences. In his reply, there was one phrase that really stood out about his experience of working – but more importantly – knowing her: “we had so many plans”. We all did.
Sleep well, Your Excellency.
Dan a very touching and moving tribute to a really special lady whom we both had the privilge of knowing and will always remember her with respect and fondness. My condolences go out to her immediate family and loved ones in this difficult period. Armenia has lost a great daughter!
H.E. Karine Kazinian RIP
Dan, what a lovely piece you’ve written.
I’m shocked at the tragic news. It was only the other day that we had a wonderful dinner at her house.
Please give my respects to her family and colleagues.
Will.
I didn’t know Karine but your excellent piece summed up what others have told me about her. As a regular visitor to Armenia I know that the country needs people of her integrity and caliber.Kathryn Gable had come into my office with a stern look on her face, her chin held high, wearing a dress of fussy green. She had introduced herself, sat down in the chair before my desk and said, “I understand you have a reputation.”
In my previous life, I was a cop with little respect for authority or the chain of command for the Virginia Beach PD. Looking back on the situation now, I had lasted five years, three years longer than I would’ve assumed possible. As a private investigator, I’m allowed to have no respect for authority, no filter for my mouth or my brain, determine my caseload, and take vacations when the mood strikes me . . . In fact, I’d just returned from one of those vacations the day before Kathryn had arrived in my office.
I smiled at Kathryn and wondered what she’d heard, though I wasn’t quite ready to go back to work again. My response was somewhat indifferent as I managed, “Oh, really?” ~~ Excerpt from Graceful Immortality
In his rollicking mystery Graceful Immortality, Robert Downs has created a wisecracking protagonist, Casey Holden, on par with Robert Parker’s Spenser (though with perhaps an even more active libido). This fine mystery has suspects galore and more interesting women than even Casey can shake a stick at. Graceful Immortality is a well-written and fun-filled ride through the parlors and alleyways of Virginia Beach.
D.E. Johnson, author of Detroit Shuffle
Fans of Travis McGee are in for a treat as Robert Downs’ latest book, Graceful Immortality, delivers every bit of suspense, mystery, and femme fatales in bathing suits one expects from the genre McGee made famous. Casey Holden is a smart, smooth-talking PI who grabs the reader in a stranglehold and doesn’t let go as the twists unfold. Murder might be first on his mind, but sex isn’t far. So slather on the sunscreen, squeeze into those leg warmers, and prepare for a fun, wild mystery reminiscent of the late, great John MacDonald.
J.A. Kazimer, author of The Fairyland Murders
Till we meet again Emma!!
((((((((HUGGGGGSSSSS))))))) from your TX furiends,
12 comments:
We have all been very upset here about Emma. So sad.
Awww angel Emma! This is a beautiful tribute to her. Take care
x
We are so sorry. Sending love and purrs for her family. xxx
It was a shock to read of her passing and we're so, so sorry for Karen Jo, have left our purrs and hugs.
We were so sad to hear about Emma.
What a wonderful tribute to Emma!
Kisses
Nellie
Beautiful tribute!
I´m so sad about sweetie Emma.
It's always sad when a friend passes. Our purrs are with you and your friends.
We were sooooo shocked.
We had just learned she wasn't feeling well and then it was so sudden. Our hearts always breaks when we lose one of our furfriends.
purrs
>^,,^<
♥Abby♥Boo♥Ping♥Jinx♥Grace♥
We are so sad for Karen Jo and Herman!
What a nice tribute to Emma. It broke our hearts when we heard she had gone to the Bridge.
Poor Emma! What a lovely poem...Just copy and paste the code below to embed this station in your blog, website or social profile.
You've chosen 1073 Mururi FM, if you want to select another radio station, go back to the Radio Directory
Back to 1073 Mururi FM - FM 107.3 - Nairobi.
Note: You can also go further and add a Banner of Streema in your site, to do that, go here.To cite ddalpha in publications use:
Lange, T., Mosler, K. and Mozharovskyi, P. (2014). Fast nonparametric classification based on data depth. Statistical Papers, 55, 49-69
Mozharovskyi, P. (2013), Contributions to Depth-based Classification and Computation of the Tukey Depth. Verlag Dr. Kovac, Hamburg
Corresponding BibTeX entries:
@Article{, title = {Fast nonparametric classification based on data depth}, author = {Tatjana Lange and Karl Mosler and Pavlo Mozharovskyi}, journal = {Statistical Papers}, year = {2014}, volume = {55}, number = {1}, pages = {49-69}, }
@PhdThesis{, title = {Contributions to Depth-based Classification and Computation of the Tukey Depth}, author = {Pavlo Mozharovskyi}, publisher = {Verlag Dr. Kovac, Hamburg}, year = {2015}, school = {Universitaet zu Koeln}, }Tray with Handles.
Not for use in dishwashers. Wash with mild soap and water, oil occasionally.
Material: Japanese Zelkova
Dimensions:45cmx30cmx2.5cm
Weight: 1000g
Product No.W-47-2 **SOLD
Tray with Handles
><<Tony Dungy, the retired head coach of the Indianapolis Colts and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, will be the keynote speaker at an Oct. 20 fundraiser for Rocketown, the downtown outreach center for teens, in Lipscomb University's Allen Arena, 3901 Granny White Pike.
Rocketown founder Michael W. Smith will be there, as will Vince Gill, Amy Grant, Martina McBride, Titans coach Jeff Fisher and others. Tickets for the event start at $50 for stadium seats. For details click here.
A schedule of events follows after the jump.
11:30 a.m. – Rally for Rocketown begins
12:15 p.m. – Coach Dungy’s keynote
1:00 p.m. – Press interview opportunities with Coach Dungy
1:15 p.m. – Coach Dungy meets with area high school athletes[UPDATE: Schwarzenegger has confirmed that he’ll return as The Terminator for Terminator 5, which begins filming January 2014.]
I’m going to restrain myself from making the obvious “I’ll be back…” joke, but suffice it to say – it looks like Arnold Schwarzenegger is indeed returning to the Terminator franchise.
The development of a fifth theatrical outing gained considerable momentum after Schwarzenegger announced his intentions to return to acting back in February.
Schwarzenegger was immediately inundated with offers after leaving office and Terminator 5 was one of the first projects he was rumored to be eyeing. Evidently, his desire to step back in front of the camera convinced Universal that this was the right time to relaunch the iconic franchise. They quickly tossed Fast Five director Justin Lin into the mix – and Lin later confirmed that he spoke with Schwarzenegger about appearing in the film.
Pacificor is now looking to finalize a deal for the financing and distribution of Terminator 5 and they’ve been shopping the project around to several studios. Lin is still attached to direct, but according to Deadline the real selling point is that Schwarzenegger is now officially on board as well.
Fast Five scribe Chris Morgan was reportedly involved with Terminator 5 at one point, but it looks like the film is currently without a writer. Robert Cort (Runaway Bride, Save the Last Dance) will produce and Deadline claims that Universal, Sony, and Lionsgate are already giving serious consideration to Pacificor’s package.
Schwarzenegger has been linked to several other films including Ji-Woon Kim’s The Last Stand and Antoine Fuqua’s The Tomb. There’s also the upcoming Governator animated series, comic book, and 3D feature film. The Terminator remains his most iconic character, however, and Terminator 5 would arguably put him back in the spotlight in a much more dramatic fashion.
Of course, the notion of Schwarzenegger returning to the series has left many of us wondering whether or not that would even work.?
Honestly, if it’s the latter approach – count me out. I love the first two Terminator movies and I understand how iconic Schwarzenegger’s performance is – but isn’t it about time that someone makes a real effort to carry this franchise on without him? At this point, I’ve pretty much had my fill of John Connor stories and slight variations on the same basic plot template. Salvation definitely dropped the ball with its execution, but I think a story set during the Future War is still brimming with potential.
I know that Schwarzenegger’s involvement is a business decision first and foremost, but I really hope they find a way to use this opportunity to play with audience expectations and do something surprising with him.
If nothing else, I guess we should probably just be thankful that they’re not remaking the original Terminator.
Somehow I knew he’d be back…
…see what I did there? Lol
Interesting, well most ppl would be expecting him to don the leather jacket again but I hope they go in another direction.
With motion capture the way it is now, does anyone think it is unlikely they’ll just have him entirely mocapped to render him in the movie as the younger Arnie T-800?
I have a feeling that is exactly what is going to happen.
?”
Sorry im lost, but what happened to his character? Is he not a Cyborg or robot anymore or whatever? Ive only seen parts of Terminator 3 on the USA network, and I watched a bit of Christian Bales Terminator, but I had no Idea what the plot was or what the hell was going on…
I watched the first two movies. He fell into the Lava at the end of the 2nd, didn’t know how he came back into the 3rd movie at all.
Can someone fill me in real quick on why hes not a cyborg anymore??
He’s always been a cyborg
A number of people have proposed that, considering his age, he isn’t well suited to play a T-800 (or 850) anymore so they suggested he play the scientist that creates the cyborg’s skin and who better to model a face after than your own?
It’s not a bad direction to go until you start to think seriously about it. I mean why on EARTH would a human want to help Skynet wipe out the last of humanity? And for that matter why would Skynet feel inferior enough to enlist the help of a lowly human?
Thats what I was thinking!!!
thought it was pretty evident in T3 that the human Arnold, a soldier, was having his everything about him analysed and studied as he was the prototypical soldier. felt it was established that skynet would you the data gathered to model with his likeness for the t-800
simple. he was forced. all the humans were being rounded up and forced to cooperate. remember in t4 how they are forcing humans to work for them? maybe they have his family and they tell him to design a cyborg or your family gets it. christian bale would bail him out and they would be working together. that’s what the movie should be aboot.
hey Tim he is a terminator in 3. just another one that was repeogrammed by connor’s wife in the future and sent back in time. The reason they are talking about a human arnold version is that in T3 we are ahown videos of an american soldier (arnold) thats undergoing performance test etc. skynet will eventually use his likeness to create the terminator.
If it were up to me, I’d make him a prisoner at Skynet that they modeled the T-800 after… or is that too obvious? It would be a nice cameo anyway
I was thinking along the same lines. Even with all of the story lines we’ve been through, we still have no idea how Skynet came to design the T-800. Was the T-800 already being built before Skynet became aware? Was the lead scientist using his own likeness when designing the T-800? If the T-800 was designed and built prior to Skynet becoming aware, what was it’s original purpose? How did Skynet acquire the T-800 technology and begin construction of it if the T-800 wasn’t originally designed by Skynet?
There’s a lot more story that they could tell that fleshes out the first two Terminator films while remaining true to their original story lines. The key will be who they get the write the film and whether or not the writer is a true Terminator fan. Just the questions I’ve listed above are enough for at least half of a film worth of explanation.
In the first Terminator film the model 101 , was the model that Skynet felt was best suited for 1984 LA.
This leads us to Terminator 2, where the timeline is altered, and future Connor knowingly sends back a Terminator just like the 101 so that John and Sarah will recognise it quickly.
^
Since the timeline still didn’t change (T3) old Connor sends back another 101 to insure young Connor makes it to safty before Judgement Day.
^
Salvation,
Well that took the timeline directly to tween Kyle Reese, then added a uber Terminator that was half human with a strong heart, (uh man how lame), then showed us a Connor that didn’t have direction or really any leadership. Female falls for the urber Terminator, ok let’s attack Skynet,,, CGI Arnold makes his apperance, chaos insues, Connor keeps up with being thrown against metal bars, pipes, smoke, then gets the death strike in the heart. Next thing ya know, open heart surgery, Connors good to go, urber Terminator salavation.
And some ppl actually believe Salvation was better then T3,,, hoLly Kubrick,,,
At least TS tried something new instead of rehashing the old films like Terminator 3. The only new idea Terminator 3 added was contradicting the theme of the franchise about changing the future. Oh yeah, and the female Terminator so they could add sex appeal to the movie.
Yeah, he could play a human that worked for Skynet which the T-800 was modeled after. Doesn’t have to be a prisoner but can fit into the story somehow. I wouldn’t mind seeing Robert Patrick back in some role either (for nostalgia purposes) thing is if they want to market this to a new generation they need to start with new actors. I appreciate them including the original fans of the series by bringing back icons but it has to be done right or risk being unintentionally funny.
Actually it doesn’t work very well. We are working with T3s storyline and in that they had not developed anything remotely resembling a human chassis at the time of Skynet’s awakening, it was all military hardware.
Even using the T1 storyline we know that the “Terminator” units weren’t created until MUCH later, after humanity was nearly wiped out. Before that were the T-600s with rubber skin and even those weren’t created UNTIL there was a need to. They were created to infiltrate the few remaining resistance cells.
Now I’m sure they could come up with some hokey plot to explain it all but in doing so it will turn out just as bad as T3-4. Something I think we can all agree we can do without.
Exactly,
At this point the desperation on the part of Swarzenagger and this B-list “Fast Five” director is no more impressive then Mcg’s attempt.
Ok let’s see Arnold plays a scientist or captive resistance soldier its still desperate and ruins the franchise. I bet this film makes Salvation look good and I’m really not even joking.
Some of you guys think the chase scenes in T3 were a joke, just wait,,,
+1. I was totally thinking that.
Wow, just… Yeah… Um… Words are failing to describe that scene… That accent… I can’t… It could’ve worked, except for the… I don’t think I can even call it an accent, it’s a blight on American dialects of all kinds… An affront to nature and humanity… And yet I feel a need to show it to all of my friends
lol, no I never saw that scene. Funny that while it shoots down my comments, it also destroys any ideas [eople had of using Arnold as an older scientist the cyborgs were modeled after.
The question then becomes one of…….can we accept a deleted scene as “canon”? There was imho a good reason why it was deleted, because it contradicts the original story (on top of being real cheesy).
This franchise needs to stay down. Adding to it will only serve to further muddy the waters of what few threads of logic the first 2 movies had.
Uh, EVERYTHING about Terminator 3 was cheesy…
Wow, I never had seen that before!! Since it isn’t officially in the movie, it isn’t officially canon. Thankfully.
you people crying about his age should shut it and take a look at sylvester stallone, sly isn’t even a body builder and he’s tanked up. arnie can get into shape within 5 months guarantee (another example is christian bale, he goers from 20-30kg to around 100 within 3-4 months).
but like many have said before, i hope he isn’t a cyborg sent back in time, they should stick with continuity and keep it in present time (post apocalyptic). salvation was a mess b/c of all the garbage they threw in there just to compete with the likes of bay’s transformers, imo ditch all the garbage special effects and stick to just humans RESISTING (hence why they’re called the resistance) the robot invasion, and just include upgraded versions of the robots we saw in #3(which eventually upgrade into the ones from T1 and 2).
get a new director, writer(s), ditch christian bale (or give him less screen time (even though the movie is about him(connor) bale sucks anus and shouldn’t act in anything) and not to many vehicle moments (especially onjes with working radios) 😉
It has nothing to do with him getting back into shape. I’m sure he can physically perform the part but it’s about the physical age of his face. That’s one part of the body you can’t “tone”. So would you prefer they cake make-up on him like they did a young Magneto in X3? or would you want them doing a CGI overlay to make him look younger?
again look at sly, he had botox and a facelift so all they do now is cover up the hideous scars he has near his jaw/beck area. and imo he (arnie) didn’t look all that bad in expendables, sure you could see the wrinkles but again, those can be fixed at a painful cost (both physically and financially(thought it wont really bother his wallet as much as his self esteem))
But Stallone hasn’t been pushing pencils for the past few years, and was taking steroids (at least from what I’ve heard).
jwalka,
I know you’ve been here for a while, but if you want to continue to comment here you really need to get a grip on your tone: “you people crying about his age should shut it” is out of line and I see this sort of thing from you very often. You can make your entire point without leading off with a comment like that.
Vic
Well Terminator Salvation established that Cyberdine were experimenting on convicts before judgment day. Have an opening scene where a CG de-aged Arnie plays a lifer who was a CIA hitman or something getting a reduced scentence for agreeing to donate blood, bone marrow, hair, skin, stool and semen smaples to Cyberdine. On judgment day he gets in a fight and dragged to the hole.
Also R rating. TS was supposed to be a war movie, not Transformers 2.5.
The Blu-ray had an R-rated version that added a boob shot, and more blood. And to no surprise, it added nothing to the film’s quality. Soo much for an R-rated being a “must”.
Personally, unless they are going to take the franchise in a NEW direction, I’m not really interested. The whole going back in time thing I could buy for 1-2 but it got silly for T3 and continuing to up the ante.
Have arnie a non cyborg for once!, meet with bale (mid aged Connor) vin diesel (a resistance warrior)…..awesome. Show more of the machines as an enemy.
YES! YES! YES!
I wish they do a flat out gritty battlezone movie, without all of the silly fluff of “cool” new robots or any other gimmicks. Just a war between humans and robots.
I could see this floundering for a few years before they finally decide to just reboot it (like everything else) and start all over. Arnie will get involved in other projects that push this one back a few times before he steps down from Terminator all together. Just my guess as to the future of this franchise.
Am I the only person who liked salvation?
As much as I love Arnold, the story ended at the conclusion of Judgment Day. It didn’t make the cut into the movie, but any Jim Cameron fan likely knows that John Conner grew up and became a Senator and actually met his ‘younger’ father, Kyle. Skynet was never created and Earth was never destroyed. Good story, the end.
salvation was great
It was fun as a mindless action film, but it still had a lot of problems. A lot better than Terminator 3 though.
No you are not the only one.
If they are not going to bring Bale back then they tie SCC into the movie timeline and go from there.
What I don’t get is why no one has gone after the person who came up with time travel?
I’ve reviewed every film, television series and more. I love the franchise. I love the characters and timelines and detail they provide to it. I HATE the s***-end-of-the-stick studios have given this franchise in it’s last two incarnations (TERMINATOR: Sarah Connor Chronicles, that meat grindered 25 years of fandom on Friday evenings and Salvation that was simply terrible movie making). There have been some great concepts presented above and I hope that they’re able to DIG DEEP for this next one.
Having Arnold back in is a total treat, but one that MUST BE USED APPROPRIATELY but DIFFERENTLY, not not haphazardly. I’m done with seeing things created to “show cool things.” I want another great chapter to the mythos that is still missing after way too many years that T3 only caught a smidgeon of.
Come on if you’re gonna replace McG get a talented director like a Len Weismen or a Darron Aronefsky, McG isn’t that great but he’s 10 times the director of Justin “Ass and Titty Shots” Lin.
Why would he come back to this franchise. He should move to something else. Make him go back to the Predator franchise, unless he feels he is too old to get his a$$ whooped again?
Beserker, guys like Arnold Schwarzenegger thrive off attention.
When that attention stops, (no longer in charge of Calefornia) it gets desperate. What the role he’s known for world wide, the fricken Terminator. A mindless killing robot, he seems to releash the character. I wonder why, (not really) he’s in love with himself and he craves the adrenaline of being a star or leader or whatever.
He’s really a sad guy with WAY to much power and money.
That’s all actors/directors who want a comeback.
And here I thought people became actors because they don’t want the attention and want a private life… 😀
Uggggggggggg
He should be the whiley old vet brought out of retirement to fight a Predator
No more friggen Terminator films please
Suddenly the role of Lawrence Fishburne in predators comes to mind… then arnie would go the same route and gets rubbed out in a much bloodier way.
All hail Lord Garth Formerly of Izar!!!.
Yeah, I’m over it.
Terminator Salvation was awesome and the only people who didn’t like it were who didn’t get it.
Haters gonna hate.
Can’t wait for T5. More for fans.
salvation kinda sucked, dude….
sure the plot MOSTLY made sense, but the execution was pretty poor.
however I do agree, haters gonna hate, i’m stoked for this regardless.
I enjoyed the film, but honestly, the plot had more holes in it than a deer sign in Mississippii.
“Terminator Salvation was awesome and the only people who didn’t like it were who didn’t get it.”
Are you high, or just slightly off? Or did you just not see any of the other movies in the franchise? Salvation made little to no sense. The editing was choppy and there were (as a previous poster said) more holes in it than a deer sign in Mississippii. The mecha and bike-inators were pointless. None of the T-600’s carried engery weapons due to them all being loaded up with mini-guns because some one thought it would be cool. Why are the T-600’s on guard duty all messed up as no one has ever attacked skynet headquarters and there would be no need to flesh them for infiltration. How did skynet even know what the “arnold-inator” looked like, besides the fact the series 800 model 101 didn’t make an appearance til Reese was an adult. And as to J. Cameron excuse that all model 101’s look like Arnold… yeah super intelligent AI make infiltraitors that all look the same rather than using a randomizer. The only thing well done in Salvation was Christian Bale’s acting. They should have known that if you put Micheal Ironside in a Sci-Fi movie for any amount of time it will suck.
DAMNIT. This is how T3 should have been like. Diesel as the good Terminator and Arnie as the bad. That should have ended the franchise. T3 ruined so much…It’s not like they can do another pre-war movie again.
Cool, Arine is back for Terminator 5.
I hope the film happens but it doesn’t have a director or a writer yet so I wish Ridley Scott or John Hyams (who directed Universal Soldier Regerenation) will be the director.
Universal Soldier Regerenation was awesome and the fight scenes was the best part.
sweet
I think that John Connor needs a HUGE WIN against the machines. This needs to be shown in dramatic, grand, & epic scale. I mean WHY is he this supposed savior of mankind? You don’t just lead a ragtag group of rebels in minor skirmishes and get called SAVIOR of mankind. (Unless one of those skirmishes is destroying a Death Star) I haven’t seen anything in the Terminator movies that show “Savior” Connor.
Honestly, for him to be a savior in the vein that James Cameron alluded to then he’d really have to die, in some spectacular machine-stopping act of selflessness, and become a martyr for the cause.
That makes sense. So far we haven’t seen John Connor being a savior of mankind. There are so many angles that they could flesh out while keeping the storytelling fresh. I think it all comes down to who they get to write the script. If the writer(s) is/are avid fans of the films and really get into the meat of the story, there’s a great chance that the new film with Arnold could really bring the franchise back to life. They’d be wise to keep the Michael Bay action scenes out of the film as that just makes Terminator look like it’s competing with Transformers. They are two different story lines and they need to be treated as such. A film far more focused of the meat of the story and far less focused on action scenes will be well received I think, because there are a lot of things people would like to know about the details of the story, and those can’t be discovered with shaky-cam action sequences from one end of the film to the other.
See now THAT would have been a better idea for T3. A weird, distant future but yet at the same time, prequel to T1. We would get to see them win against Skynet, see Skynet sending the T-800 back (and the T-1000) and then see the Tport machine captured and them sending Reese and their own T-800 back. /sigh.
I’m pretty sure they are gonna continue where Salvation ended. More or less anyways. With flashbacks.
Arnold could be one of the few who were tested in the beginning for the Terminator program like Sam Worthington or as that Sergeant Candy person whose likeness was used as the unused scene suggested.
But frankly speaking the best way to go about it would be to show Arnold as the original maker/ designer of the robots or something. Would be cool to have flashbacks and then show him in the present day.
Basically it needs talented writers. Very badly.
Come to think of it… EVERY movie needs talented writers. Scribes are gonna rule the world… someday. Or robots for that matter 😀
Now that I think of it again I believe Sarah Connor has to come back. I mean she was epic. So badass. The reel world needs more women like her.
Maybe time travel might play a huge part again. Maybe what happened in Salvation might all be bogus if the past is altered.
And I agree @Dante. John Connor barely survived in Salvation and he didn’t actually do anything saviour-worthy. Sam Worthington’s character (I forget the name) was more of a hero.
Big victory needed. Hell yeah.
Marcus Wright.Just copy and paste the code below to embed this station in your blog, website or social profile.
You've chosen Radio Sindangkasih 103.6 FM, if you want to select another radio station, go back to the Radio Directory
Back to Radio Sindangkasih 103.6 FM - FM 103.6 - Cirebon.
Note: You can also go further and add a Banner of Streema in your site, to do that, go here. >>
LAS VEGAS – Go behind the scenes of Monday’s tryouts for “The Ultimate Fighter 22? in Las Vegas.Filed under: Featured Videos, News, UFC, Videos read news >>
Tim Kennedy says his excitement for the title fight between Chris Weidman and Vitor Belfort at UFC 187 on May 24, 2015 has dropped like "The Phenom's" testosterone levels thanks to numerous setbacks read news >>
Because "Bones" needs to realize that there are repercussions for his actions. Jon Jones currently finds himself in very, very hot water after he was allegedly involved in a hit-and-run traffic accid read news >>
Ahead of tonight’s UFC 186 event, we caught up with reporters from around the globe to break down the championship main event.Filed under: Featured Videos, News, UFC, Videos read news >>
Another Brazilian underdog. Another submission upset. Another new champion. Four months after Herica Tiburcio stunned Michelle Waterson to win the Invicta FC women's atomweight title, Livia Renata So read news >>These lists have this manga
People also like
Okubyou na Yubisakilatest: Ch.3(end) views: 1209k
Ashita mo Taninlatest: Ch.006(end) views: 2870k
Byousoku Zero Milelatest: Ch.5.5(end) views: 1324k
Golden Eyeslatest: Vol.1 Ch.07(end) views: 3714k
Kohitsuji Projectlatest: Ch.7 views: 8612k
Nekasenaidelatest: Ch.7.5(end) views: 2289k
Blood Honeylatest: blood honey (complete) views: 8371k
Cha-k-ralatest: Vol.1 Ch.1 views: 897k
Kotatsu sex is kinda hot. How did his face not melt off if the kotatsu was smaller than normal!?
Also, I know everyone is going on about kite should have stayed in the city, but honestly I think that the reason their hearts were resonating or whatever was because they were both lonely. And when kite became invisible, then there was definitely no love between them at all! it took was his ex taking him back for kite to disappear in front of his eyes. I'm probably the only person who though it ended satisfactorily
i like this authors works and hate them at the same time. it offers a new type of romance where its not always the perfect couple, nor does it make you cry. but then sometimes its just too cruel, both this and orutana. anyways, its true kite should be together with whatever the main character name is, i dont really like him much now so i dont bother remember his name. seriously!!! of course people would always have feeling for ex lover, what made kite think hes better off with the ex? i mean the main character has a strong feeling for kite too. if their relationship continues, im pretty sure he will eventually forget about the ex. judging from real life exp, the ex would most likely leave the main character again, i guarantee it
The first story made me seriously mad. I refuse to accept it T^T The rest were great <3
That kotatsu-seme reminded me of Uta-san =//= the sex scene was... very interesting. Kinda surprising, but wow
i feel bad kite but i think he find a new friend
Well i didn't like the ending of the first story
I dont like the main story, i love second story and third story.. That sex on kotatsu was something else!
hmm, am I the one who didn't feel the "sad for Kite" and more feeling pissed for Kazunari and Tomohisa?
I just wanna kill this couple, so damn self centered, pissed me off D:(
The sex in the kotatsu sure was HOT. Literally!
Everyone is saying "I feel bad for Kite" or "Poor Kite" and your right. When Kite let go of his own happiness and the possible outcome he could've had with Tomohisa, we should be allowed to feel sorry for him. But when Tomohisa got back with his ex-lover he wasn't able to see Kite anymore. Sure at first Kite probably seemed like a selfish guy keeping Tomohisa to himself at home but it was because he figured the ex-lover (can't remember his name) was making Tomohisa suffer. And I may be wrong but Kite was the one to give the ex-lover the bad headaches but eventually those headaches kept leading the ex-lover to think about Tomohisa's well-being and I think that was all Kite's doing. Because he realized what he was doing and had a change of heart.
And I think that it was a cute ending when Kite met that cute fairy girl hiding behind her banyan tree when Tomohisa planted his next to hers :)
I personally wish that Kite and Tomohisa stayed together because Kite really cared about Tomohisa and having a normal life with a girlfriend didn't matter to Kite. Kite really loved Tomohisa, he proved that by letting go of him so that Tomohisa could have a happy life. THAT right there is the true love.
I ship Kite x Tomohisa for ever and always regardless of the outcome of this story.
Wow, your feeling can be shown just by looking at your response. 0-0
somehow , these stories are really lethargic
Aargh I feel bad for Kite :(
Damn I'm emotionally hurt by the Tomohisa and Kite.
I really believed that Kite loved Tomohisa more than the bf did, that's why he chose to set Tomohisa and his bf up together because he knew that Tomohisa still loved the bf.
Kite could stop Tomohisa from going out of the house but he didn't, and Kite was also the one who gave the bf the push to find Tomohisa in his apartment. And Kite was also the one who was the most badly hurt, because after Tomohisa got back with his bf, he couldn't see Kite anymore, but Kite could still see them, and he could only watch while Tomohisa and his bf spends time together.
I hated how the mangaka tried to slap a happy ending for Kite by inserting a random girl at the end. She should've drawn a separate story for Kite.
-end rant-
;^;
Dear rumbling Kaori,
Did you notice the huge banyan tree (p.103)in front of the "random" girl/fairy? Think Mcfly!!!!!!!!!!
i wish she had told kites story too instead of just implying what will happen to him and who he will end up with
poor kite.... but i loved the last and the second last story..
i just really love the stories... ><
Recomend this one great stories ♡♥♡♥ so lovely and cute
So sweet , lovely and wonderful.
Can't pick up one I like the most cause' I like all !
The second story is so beautiful. I think I might've shed a tear.
this is really lovely. i just really feel bad for kite ;-; but i like the stories, it's not cliche lol and the art is nice *u*
Now I'm getting depressed...
He should have chosen Kite >).(<
I know right, when he didn't i was so depressed :(
Well, at least Kite meets a very cute girl who is like him. Now he can also live happily ever after
I think kite would of had a hard time though, no one could see him, they wouldn't of been able to interact in public. i feel bad too, but it seemed for the best.India Transformed? Insights from the Firm Level 1988-2005
Executive Summary — Between 1986 and 2005, Indian growth put to rest the concern that there was something about the "nature of India" that made rapid growth difficult. Following broad-ranging reforms in the mid-1980s and early 1990s, the state deregulated entry, both domestic and foreign, in many industries, and also hugely reduced barriers to trade. Laura Alfaro of Harvard Business School and Anusha Chari of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill analyze the evolution of India's industrial structure at the firm level following the reforms. Despite the substantial increase in the number of private and foreign firms, the overall pattern that emerges is one of continued incumbent dominance in terms of assets, sales, and profits in both state-owned and traditional private firms. Key concepts include:
- In sectors dominated by state-owned and traditional private firms before liberalization (with assets, sales, and profits representing 50 percent or higher shares), these firms remain the dominant ownership group following the reforms.
- Rates of return remain stable over time and show low dispersion across sectors and across ownership groups within sectors.
- The high levels of state ownership and ownership by traditional private firms in India raise the question of whether existing resources could be allocated more efficiently and whether remaining barriers to competition jeopardize the effectiveness of reform measures that have been put in place.
Author Abstract. 55 pages.
Paper Information
- Full Working Paper Text
- Working Paper Publication Date: October 2009
- HBS Working Paper Number: 10-030
- Faculty Unit: Business, Government and International EconomyNicklas Jensen finishes off his SEL Season, will be assigned to Chicago this week
Thomas Drance
March 05 2013 02:22PM
Nicklas Jensen celebrates a goal with AIK in October.
Photo Uncredited Via Expressen.
.
We've covered Nicklas Jensen exhaustively over the past couple of seasons. Some of our Swedish hockey journalist pals filed interviews with him during his time with AIK, we tried to put his SEL stats into context, and we focussed in on his two-way progress during his Oshawa Generals days. More recently we pointed out that Nicklas Jensen's decision (which the Canucks supported) to spend his draft plus-two developmental season in the Swedish Elite League was all upside for the Canucks.
The reasoning here is pretty simple: not only did Nicklas Jensen get to spend the season playing against men in the third toughest professional hockey league in the world, but he'll now get an extra month of AHL experience over the balance of this season. At least that's the Canucks' intention, though I'm not precisely sure how the legal mechanics are going to work in this case (full disclosure: my reasoning on precisely this topic a few weeks ago was flawed). Jensen's status appears to be a grey area and this particular maneuver is certainly unprecedented.
Jensen's assignment to Chicago would seem to fly in the face of the private NHL-CHL agreement, the one that expired in mid-August but was extended for one year. That agreement forbids players who are drafted out of the CHL and are under the age of 20 by December 31st of the league season from playing in the AHL, barring some special exception like Ryan Nugent-Hopkins recieved this past fall.
But according to Sunaya Sapurji - Yahoo's OHL blogger at Buzzing the Net and a friend of the blog - who reported on this issue back in September, Jensen isn't under contract with the Generals.
Nicklas Jensen was allowed to play in Sweden this year because he was no longer under contract with the Oshawa Generals. #OHL #MysterySolved— Sunaya Sapurji (@sunayas) September 27, 2012
Contract aside, however, Oshawa would still be considered Jensen's "rights-holder" in the normal course of things and in fact the General passed on the 81st pick at the 2012 CHL import Draft because they already owned the rights to three import players (one of whom was Nicklas Jensen). According to Lorne Henning who spoke with Jim Jamieson today, the Generals do indeed still hold Jensen's rights, and that's a snag in Vancouver's plans at the moment.
Update: Or maybe it isn't.
Canuck AGM Gilman on why NicklasJensen can go to AHL Chicago, rather than OHL Oshawa: "His direct assignment to AIK nullified requirement."— Elliott Pap (@ElliottPap) March 5, 2013
Wow. That's pretty amazing (no way we'd have been able to anticipate this, by the way, since the NHL-CHL agreement is private). Anway in Gilman we trust.
If the Canucks can come to an agreement with the Generals and assign Jensen to Chicago without any further issues, then this is one hell of a developmental maneuver that the Canucks will have pulled off. And it's even better news that Nicklas Jensen absolutely crushed it in the Swedish Elite League this season. He led all teenagers in scoring by a wide margin and produced to the tune of 20 NHLE goals. His plus/minus number is a cause for concern (even though plus/minus is a totally bogus stat) but at least in terms of his offensive game: he looks polished enough to contribute offensively at the NHL level right away.
Final legal detail: Jensen won't have to pass through waivers as a result of rule 13.23 were the Canucks to call him up, since he spent the season in a foregin league "on loan" from the Canucks. Here's the relevant language from the now-expired and not quite yet replaced NHL.
So that settles that, I hope.
Should the Canucks and Generals come to an agreement shortly, then I might be giving my AHL Neulion streaming package a workout this month which would be, you know, totally fucking nails.
Let's finish the post off with an obligatory Nicklas Jensen highlight package. That wrist shot is pretty damn impressive:
March 05 2013, 03:42PM
do you really think that SEL is better than either the AHL or KHL?
March 05 2013, 03:51PM
@mantastic it's better than the AHL, not the KHL. By translation numbers, it goes: NHL (duh), KHL, SEL, then Czech league, SM-Liga and then AHL.
March 05 2013, 05:02PM
Where would be be without Gilman, lol
March 05 2013, 06:18PM
How does this affect his entry level contract? Does a year get burned if he plays 10+ games AHL/NHL this year? Was a year already burned since he was loaned to the SEL?Friday Freebie: MarketVideos.com
Sign up for a free trial of this turnkey video marketing solution.
Summer is a busy time for real estate. Between all the showings and transactions, it can be easy to let other efforts, like staying in touch with prospects, slide.
But what happens in the fall when business slows down? If you don't stay in touch with prospects who aren't ready to buy yet, you may miss the opportunity to work with them when they are.
Fortunately, there are solutions out there that make keeping in touch easy while also saving you time. This week, we're highlighting a new video marketing solution from VScreen that does just that.
Try MarketVideos.com Free Until August 4
MarketVideos.com delivers localized market videos to agents every month that educate viewers on local market conditions, including popular statistics like active inventory and median listing price. Agents can share the videos with their database via a branded email newsletter or by linking to their video profile page. Videos can also be embedded onto websites and blogs, or uploaded to YouTube.
Intrigued? Here's a quick glimpse at more features:
- Available in two formats - Videos can be viewed, shared and embedded in MarketVideos.com's native video player. Users also have the option of downloading the video file for upload to YouTube, Vimeo, or other video service.
- Lead capture - MarketVideos.com's native player lets you capture viewer information for easy follow-up.
- All-device compatibility - Agent video channels are created with HTML5, ensuring that they're compatible with all smartphones, tablets, and computers.
- Get as local as you want - The platform lets agents get as precise as they want when selecting an area to generate videos for. Get content localized by city, zip code, county, MLS area, and beyond.
- Powerful metrics - Market Videos are produced in conjunction with metrics from Terradatum, for qualified agents.
- Bonus marketing videos - The email newsletter that MarketVideos.com provides subscribers also includes consumer-focused videos with tips on gardening, home design, mortgages, selecting an agent, and more.
RE Technology has teamed up with VScreen to let our readers try MarketVideos.com free now through August 4. Use promo code FRIDAYFREEBIE during sign-up to activate your free trial.
Friday Freebie: MarketVideos.comBeno Udrih Orange Beats Maryland 57-55, Knicks Raymond Felton Arrested By Jaired Crofut • Feb 25, 2014 wikipedia commons In college basketball, it was another close one for the Orange. Syracuse lost its No. 1 ranking in the latest Associated Press men's basketball poll following back-to-back losses to Boston College and Duke last week. The Orange barely ended that skid by earning an ACC road win on Monday. Fourth-ranked Syracuse blew most of a 12-point lead in the last eight minutes and used one final defensive stop to squeeze past Maryland 57-55. Elsewhere, it was No. 5 Kansas over Oklahoma 83-75. In women’s hoops, No. 6 Baylor beat Oklahoma 96-89..I'm really excited about my Five which I'm currently trying to build up
I've recently come off a FR bike and I'm looking to eventually race Enduro - but I need to practice for fitness and technique, ideally somewhere local.
I'm based around Cirencester, and the nearest places are FoD (great fun, but not very technical), Leckhampton (DH) and North Nibley (DH).
SO I'm looking for any long (ish) trails with some technical and fast stuff in Gloucestershire, I do not want to ride your average XC loop, it would bore me to tears
Cheers!
Meningococcal Meningitis
The brain and spinal cord are covered by membranes called meninges. They help keep the brain and spinal cord safe from injury. However, germs such as bacteria and viruses can infect the meninges. This causes swelling and irritation. Meningitis is the medical term for inflammation of the meninges. One type of bacteria that can cause meningitis is meningococcus. Meningococcal meningitis is inflammation of the meninges caused by this bacteria.
Meningococcal meningitis can occur at any age. However, children and young adults get it most often. It usually develops in the winter and spring. It can spread easily from person to person (contagious). It can spread through coughing, sneezing, kissing, or sharing a drinking glass. Having meningococcal meningitis is very serious. It is a medical emergency. It can be life-threatening if it is not treated quickly.
CAUSES
Many people may carry the meningococcus bacteria in the nose or throat at any time. It is not well known why a person who carries the bacteria may or may not get the invasive meningococcal meningitis infection.
SYMPTOMS
Signs and symptoms of meningococcal meningitis may start suddenly. They can include:
High fever.
Stiff neck.
Being bothered by light.
Headache.
Being confused.
Vomiting.
Red spots or purple blotches on the skin. These may look like tiny pinpoints.
In babies, symptoms may also include:
Restlessness.
Poor feeding.
Sleepiness.
A bulging soft spot (fontanelle) on the baby's head.
DIAGNOSIS
Your caregiver considers this disease based on your symptoms. The typical early symptoms include fever, headache, and stiffness of the neck. To confirm the diagnosis, the following tests are done:
Spinal tap. A needle is used to take a sample of the fluid around the spinal cord. The fluid is sent to a lab to be examined under a microscope and to do a culture test. These are the most important tests for making a diagnosis. These tests also help your caregiver decide how to best treat the infection.
Blood tests. A complete blood count and a culture of the blood are also typically performed.
TREATMENT
Meningococcal meningitis needs to be treated in a hospital. It is an emergency condition.
Antibiotics will be given right away. This may be done before results are known from a spinal tap and blood tests. This is done to attack the infection as quickly as possible. An intravenous line (IV) may be used to give the medicine. This is the fastest way to get the medicine into the body.
Different medicines may be used over the course of treatment. At first, IV antibiotics may include penicillin and ceftriaxone. Later, the medicines may be changed or other drugs may be added. This will depend on your test results. Sometimes, steroids are used to help decrease swelling. Steroids can also help prevent problems such as hearing loss and seizures. IV antibiotics are typically needed for about 1 week.
PREVENTION
The meningococcus bacteria can be spread from person to person by close contact. Because of this, family members and other close contacts (day-care and school contacts) of the patient are typically advised to seek medical care and receive an antibiotic that will lessen their chance of developing this serious infection. This infection is also reported to your local health department. The health department helps make sure that contacts are notified and treatment is advised.
In the United States, routine vaccination is advised for some people who are at higher than normal risk of getting this disease. This includes students before entering college, people who have lost their spleens because of accidents, surgery, or sickle cell anemia, and people with certain other rare diseases.
HOME CARE INSTRUCTIONS
Take any medicines prescribed by your caregiver. Take your antibiotics as directed. Finish them even if you start to feel better.
Family members or other people who are in close contact with the patient may also need to take antibiotics. Follow your caregiver's instructions.
Go back to normal activities slowly.
Wash your hands often to avoid spreading the infection. Stay away from other people as much as possible until you are better.
Keep all follow-up appointments. This is how your caregiver can make sure your treatment is working.
SEEK IMMEDIATE MEDICAL CARE IF:
You have trouble hearing.
You have seizures.
You become irritable.
You have difficulty eating.
You have breathing problems.
You are confused.
You are more sleepy than usual.
You have a fever.
MAKE SURE YOU:
Understand these instructions.
Will watch your condition.
Will get help right away if you are not doing well or get worse.Home / Freightliner / / 1991 Freightliner
1991 Freightliner For Sale
Viewed 8,799 Times
1991 Freightliner , 500,000 Miles
1991 Freightliner 10-wheel Water Truck, 300hp big cam Cummings engine and 9-speed Eaton. Includes 8 new drivers and one new steering and a 4000 gallon tank with 6 spray heads. Runs excellent and very reliable. Two seasons on rebuild, leaf spring suspension, 8 drivers in one season, special equipment plate for off road, good condition, all documentation available, tri axle. Two 90 gallon fuel tanks.
$18,000 OBO Just Reduced, Call Today!!
Apply Now for a Commercial Vehicle Loan or Lease.
For Sale By Owner
Vehicle is Sold
Eureka, CA 95503
Auto Transport QuoteHang tight!
Recipe by Isabella Riche
"Delicious and warm."
Hmm. None of these ingredients are on sale today.
Show ingredients on sale
Sort stores by
Save money at local stores when ingredients are on sale!
Watch video tips and tricks
3
parsnips, peeled and cut into 1/2 inch pieces
3
carrots, peeled and cut into 1/2 inch pieces
1
sweet potato, peeled and cut into 1/2 inch pieces
3 tablespoons
butter
2 cups
sliced mushrooms
1 cup
chopped leeks
3 tablespoons
all-purpose flour
2 cups
vegetable broth
1/8 teaspoon
dried thyme
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 teaspoon
hot pepper sauce
2 1/4 cups
biscuit baking mix
3/4 cup
milk
PREP
COOK
READY IN!
I followed this recipe exactly and though this smelled good, it didn't taste very good. It was just ok. It created a lot of dirty dishes (pot, skillet, pie dish, bowl, cutting board, knife etc (which I don't appreciate) and I feel it wasn't worth the work.
12 Ratings.
Excellent! Use Cheddar Buttermilk Biscuits by Kimberly Nuttall, with or without the cheese.
I used a red skin potato instead of a sweet potato and I also substituted 1/2 cup of the vegetable broth for 1/2 cup sauvignon blanc. It was delicious - I will make it again!
I did alter this a bit based on what I had in my fridge. Used turnips instead of parsnips, skipped potatoes and mushrooms but subbed with yellow squash and used beef broth. Overall it was easy and filling, but still a bit bland. I will make this again but next time season a bit more and add more herbs...i think a bit of rosemary and even some fennel seed would have given it a bit more pizzaz.
I have made this pie twice and it's been delicious both times! The first time I followed the recipe exactly and the second time, because I didn't have any mushrooms and my daughter doesn't like them, I substituted some frozen peas and sweet corn. The only difficulty I seem to have is with the topping - it tends to be cooked on top but a a bit soggy underneath. Next time I'm going to cook it on a baking sheet and just lay it on top of the pie before serving it. Other than that it's a winner!
Turned out very tasty. I added extra veggies(broccoli, colored peppers,bok choy, and finely chopped kale) and substituted lower sodium chicken stock, Italian Seasoning and canned biscuits. We will be having this on a regular basis. I am not a vegetarian but we never missed the meat. Yum!
* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet.
Vegetable Pot Pie
Serving Size: 1/6 of a recipe
Servings Per Recipe: 6
Amount Per Serving
Calories: 301!
All you need are a few minutes to prepare this simple veggie pot pie.
See how to make homemade pot pie with veggies and savory spices.
See how to make a simple pot pie with beef and all the veggies.Stefan Sperling wrote:
> Can you post the script?
The merge tool script I've been testing with is just something I hand
edit to suit whatever case I'm testing at the moment. The current
incarnation is:
#!/usr/bin/perl
print "Merge tool called on $ARGV[4]\n";
if ($ARGV[4] eq 'tools/xtools/build-tools') {
print "Resolving...\n";
open (my $in, '<', $ARGV[2]) or exit 2;
open (my $out, '>', $ARGV[3]) or exit 2;
while (<$in>) {
print $out $_;
}
exit 0;
}
exit 2;
I don't have any script to create a test repository, I just use
conflicts that exist in my existing repository.
Please let me know what else I need to do in order to get any of my
three outstanding patches committed. I believe the discussion on the
semantics of exit 1 to largely be a digression, fixable in future patches.
------------------------------------------------------
Received on 2008-12-30 20:13:15 CET
This is an archived mail posted to the Subversion Dev
mailing list.Thanks for joining us for another MVP Friday Five. This week we have collected five more great articles written by MVPs including how to’s, insights, feature overviews and a chapter by chapter book synopsis. MVPs contribute to the technology community every day, and our MVP Friday Five series serves up a sampling of these contributions by highlighting articles and blog posts written by MVPs each week. As always, this week’s articles are filled with the expert knowledge we have come to expect from Microsoft Most Valuable Professionals.
1. How To: Automatically Add All Authenticated Users to SharePoint Security Group
By SharePoint Server MVP Yaroslav Pentsarasky
Yaroslav shows you how to create a custom security group with the Read permission level and how that group will automatically have All Authenticated Users reserved “user” added to it.
2. The SharePoint 2010 Handbook – Guest Article by MVP John Timney
By SharePoint Server MVP John Timney | @jtimney
In this guest post John provides a brief synopsis of the chapters of “The SharePoint 2010 Handbook” which results in a great blow-by-blow overview of several key areas relating to SharePoint 20120.
3. Using the New EWS Password Expiration Operation in Exchange 2010 SP2 in Powershell
By Exchange Server MVP Glen Scales | @glenscales
Glen shows you how to make the most of one of the new operations in the Exchange 20120 SP2 released this week: GetPasswordExpiration.
4. Agenda or Table of Content, a Necessity in Presentation?
By PowerPoint MVP Shawn Toh
Many people will agree that it is good to have an agenda or table of contents in a presentation. But are they really necessary? Find out more from PowerPoint MVP Shaw Toh.
5. Powershell Module for Hpyer-V
By Virtual Machine MVP Kuruwitage Susanta Silva
In this blog post, MVP Susantha shows you how to install Powershell modules correctly into Windows 2008 R2 server!
I just blogged this post that explains how to perform running and sliding aggregations using OVER/ORDER BY with the traditional aggregate functions in SQL Server 2012. Perhaps you can consider it for an upoming Friday Five: bit.ly/lenniblog_SQL2012RunningSlidingAggregates.Legal Disclosure
RPGameX
Friends of RPGameX.com
Los Angeles Archive […]
Call of Duty: Black Ops II Xbox 360 ReviewPosted on November 20, 2012 | No CommentsActivision’s crowd at the back of the E3 Expo hall in the Los Angeles Convention Center is always huge. That’s not surprising considering how well their annual multi-platform Call of […]
Adidas miCoach Xbox 360 ReviewPosted on August 30, 2012 | No CommentsArticle first published as Xbox 360 Review Adidas: miCoach on Blogcritics. After a long summer of rumors and anticipation, Dwight Howard has finally been traded to the Lakers. As a Los Angeles native […]
E3 Expo 2013 dates revealedPosted on July 30, 2012 | 1 CommentIt was announced today by the Entertainment Software Association, that the Electronic Entertainment Expo, better known as E3 will remain in Los Angeles for the next three years. They also […]
‘Black Ops 2′ offers something new at E3Posted on June 12, 2012 | No CommentsMicrosoft thought it significant enough to close out their keynote presentation at E3 with some gameplay from the upcoming Call of Duty: Black Ops 2. The latest offering in multi-platform […] […] […]
Los Angeles scores a limited edition NBA 2K12 coverPosted on July 21, 2011 | No CommentsIn all likelihood there will be no more NBA basketball this year, that doesn’t mean sports fans can’t get their annual iteration of their favorite RPGs. Yes, sports games these […]All Linux machines (frontend01, storage01 and kvm01) have an Ubuntu Server 11.04 (64 bits) installed on them, and esxi01, a VMware ESXi 4.1 hypervisor. The OpenNebula version employed for the tests is 2.2.1 and it will be compiled and installed directly from its source code.
First of all, we are going to set up the shared storage on storage01, by means of NFS protocol. We need too an OpenNebula administrator user (oneadmin) which must be added on all machines (for this purpose, its UID and GID have to be the same for all them - 1001 in my case). The group of this user will be cloud.
root@storage01:~# mkdir -p /srv/cloud/one root@storage01:~# groupadd --gid 1001 cloud root@storage01:~# useradd --uid 1001 -g cloud -s /bin/bash -d /srv/cloud/one oneadmin root@storage01:~# chown -R oneadmin:cloud /srv/cloud root@storage01:~# aptitude install nfs-kernel-server root@storage01:~# cat /etc/exports /srv/cloud 192.168.1.0/255.255.255.0(rw,anonuid=1001,anongid=1001) root@storage01:~# /etc/init.d/nfs-kernel-server restart
Now I may export the cloud directory to any machine belonging to the subnet (192.168.1.0/24).
Afterwards we must mount that shared on frontend01.
root@frontend01:~# aptitude install nfs-common ; modprobe nfs root@frontend01:~# mkdir -p /srv/cloud root@frontend01:~# cat /etc/fstab ... storage01:/srv/cloud /srv/cloud nfs4 _netdev,auto 0 0 root@frontend01:~# mount -a
Next step is to create an OpenNebula administrator user on the system.
root@frontend01:~# groupadd cloud root@frontend01:~# useradd -s /bin/bash -d /srv/cloud/one -g cloud oneadmin root@frontend01:~# id oneadmin uid=1001(oneadmin) gid=1001(cloud) groups=1001(cloud)
Any OpenNebula account that we add to the system, must have the following environment variables established.
root@frontend01:~# su - oneadmin oneadmin@frontend01:~$ cat .bashrc # ~/.bashrc if [ -f /etc/bash.bashrc ]; then . /etc/bash.bashrc fi export ONE_AUTH=$HOME/.one/one_auth export ONE_LOCATION=/srv/cloud/one export ONE_XMLRPC= export PATH=$ONE_LOCATION/bin:$PATH oneadmin@frontend01:~$ cat .profile # ~/.profile if [ -n "$BASH_VERSION" ]; then if [ -f "$HOME/.bashrc" ]; then . "$HOME/.bashrc" fi fi
OpenNebula is started by using the ONE_AUTH information.
oneadmin@frontend01:~$ mkdir .one oneadmin@frontend01:~$ cat .one/one_auth oneadmin:xxxxxx
We need to generate ssh keys for oneadmin user, in order to be able to connect with the rest of servers without typing a password. By means of the hushlogin file, we avoid the SSH welcome banner, and through the StrictHostKeyChecking directive, the SSH client not to ask about adding hosts to known_hosts file.
oneadmin@frontend01:~$ ssh-keygen oneadmin@frontend01:~$ cat .ssh/id_rsa.pub >> .ssh/authorized_keys oneadmin@frontend01:~$ cat .ssh/config Host * StrictHostKeyChecking no oneadmin@frontend01:~$ touch .hushlogin
And finally, we are going to install MySQL (and its necessary dependences for the OpenNebula compilation) and set up a database called opennebula. It will be manage by OpenNebula so as to store its data.
root@frontend01:~# aptitude install mysql-server libmysql++-dev libxml2-dev root@frontend01:~# mysql_secure_installation root@frontend01:~# mysql -u root -p ... mysql> GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON opennebula.* TO 'oneadmin' IDENTIFIED BY 'xxxxxx'; Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec)
Also say that as in any cluster, all nodes have to be synchronized.
root@frontend01:~# crontab -e ... 0 * * * * ntpdate pool.ntp.org root@storage01:~# crontab -e ... 0 * * * * ntpdate pool.ntp.org
root@storage01:~# aptitude install install nfs-kernel-server
tienes install 2 veces
Gracias, arreglado.
I have had to add the parameters "anonuid=1001,anongid=1001" into the exports file, because when a VMware vSphere hypervisor works inside the shared storage, there are some operations which are not carried out by the oneadmin user.
Otherwise the virtual machines will not be started up. Below you can see a typical error message showed by VMware for this case:
Reason: Insufficient permission to access file.
Cannot open the disk '/vmfs/volumes/258f88a2-e0eb18e5/14/images/disk.0/disk.vmdk' or one of the snapshot disks it depends on.
The owner of disk.vmdk is oneadmin, that's right, but it is possible that when VMware tries to develop some task, uses another user such as root.
In addition, if you take a look at the directory where the virtual machine is deployed, there is one moment where several files are created (one-1.*) and the owner is nobody. This is due to these files have been created for another user different from oneadmin.
oneadmin@frontend01:~$ ls -l var/1/images/disk.0/
total 540748
-rw-r----- 1 oneadmin cloud 592 2011-07-03 14:00 disk.vmdk
-rw-r--r-- 1 nobody nogroup 0 2011-07-03 14:03 one-1.vmsd
-rw-r--r-- 1 nobody nogroup 665 2011-07-03 14:03 one-1.vmx
-rw-r--r-- 1 nobody nogroup 260 2011-07-03 14:03 one-1.vmxf
-rw-r----- 1 oneadmin cloud 150339584 2011-07-03 14:00 ubuntu-server-8.04.1-i386-s001.vmdk
-rw-r----- 1 oneadmin cloud 216268800 2011-07-03 14:01 ubuntu-server-8.04.1-i386-s002.vmdk
-rw-r----- 1 oneadmin cloud 185204736 2011-07-03 14:02 ubuntu-server-8.04.1-i386-s003.vmdk
-rw-r----- 1 oneadmin cloud 1835008 2011-07-03 14:00 ubuntu-server-8.04.1-i386-s004.vmdk
-rw-r----- 1 oneadmin cloud 65536 2011-07-03 14:00 ubuntu-server-8.04.1-i386-s005.vmdkbooks
movies
Message Board
James Cannon Message Board
2/7/2005 12:17:19 PM
Talk about the novels, new and used books that Cannon has written!
Author Cannon's Book Reviews
Coppering the Cannon
The author served for 18 years in an English Police Service, leaving in 1990 as a Sergeant. This book recalls the journey from novice to experienced officer over a period of 6 years culminating in promotion and transfer. Most people have a view on the police and on what it might be like to be a Police Officer. What makes someone a good Policeman? Is it all rushing around with blue lights flashing? What is it like to face violent and drunken people ...JOINT BASE SAN ANTONIO – RANDOLPH, Texas — With Luke Air Force Base’s transition to the resume-based single staffing tool, all Air Force civilian employment opportunities are now listed on the USAJobs site, Air Force Personnel Center officials said today.
In 2010, AFPC announced that the Air Force would transition to a resume based system using a single staffing tool for all Air Force job seekers using USA Staffing to post job announcements on USAJobs.gov. Implementation occurred in stages, said Nancy Tackett, AFPC Human Resources Technical Operations Branch. Luke’s July 27 transition was the final stage.
USA Staffing is a web-based system that automates civilian employee recruitment, assessment, referral and notification processes, Tackett explained. It generates vacancy announcements for appropriated fund civilian positions and posts them on USAJobs and the Air Force civilian careers website at.
“Hiring managers have 15 days from the time they receive candidate resumes to make their selection, so the resume process helps them meet that deadline,” she said.
The transition helps ensure the right people are hired for the right jobs based on qualifications while respecting merit system principles and veterans preference. Job seekers who need help capturing their qualifications on a resume can visit an installation Airman and Family Readiness Center for resume-building assistance.
For more information about civilian careers, go to USAJobs.gov or. For information about other personnel issues, visit the myPers website at.BuckyBucky had been staying with Steve for the past two months now, he’s been on edge ever since he arrived at Steve’s apartment in the middle of the night. Steve took Bucky in with open arms, he was glad to have his friend back, but he knew at the same time it wasn’t the real Bucky.
Steve learned somethings the hard way with Bucky, one being he didn’t like to be touched, he learned that a week after Bucky showed up at his apartment.
Bucky was having a nightmare and Steve was trying to wake him up, but when Steve went to touch Bucky, he just snapped and attacked Steve. Bucky said he was sorry a thousand times over to Steve.
Steve comforted Bucky the best he could after that episode he had, but he knew he couldn’t do it alone, so Steve called Sam to come and talk to Bucky. Sam was more then happy to come and help Bucky out.
After about an hour of talking with Bucky, Sam told Steve that Bucky had the worst case of PTSD he had ever seen.
“What can we do?
Museum ApartmentSteve and Bucky made their way to where their old apartment was, and sure enough Sam was telling them the truth, the apartment was still there. It looked exactly how they left it before the war, except the on the front of the building it said "Home to Captain Steve Rogers and Sargent James Buchanan Barnes American Hero’s.”
Bucky looked in awe at the old apartment building, nothing really changed that much. The only change was that the apartment had was a new coat of paint on the outside, it also had the sign that said:
Home to Captain Steve Rogers and Sargent James Buchanan Barnes American Hero’s.”
As Bucky and Steve approached they saw another sign beside the steps leading up to the apartment Open 7 days a week. $10 Entry Per Person.
“Maybe we should tell them who we are, get in for free.” Bucky smiled at Steve.
“No, were playing tourist.” Steve smiled back at Bucky, he was wearing fake glasses and a baseball cap for
Great pic by the way.
Oh I might have a date this weekend, if the guy gets back to mePiedmont Plastics is seeking an exceptional Outside Sales Representative to add to its newest branch in Houston, TX. Piedmont Plastics is the leading distributor and fabricator for the delivery and conversion of plastic sheet, rod, tube and film products in the U.S. Celebrating over 40 years of continuous success, we have over 500well i want to make some honey oil and last time i did that i did it with buetain and almost cought some shit on fire... was thinking if co2 would work.. they have the same characteristics as far as being under pressure and cold when u use it. its liquid in concentrated form yet gas. and it evaperates away at room temp... would this be a new cheaper way of making safer honey oil??It effectively soothes and relieves symptoms of athletes foot, including itching, burning and cracking. #1 most recommended by certified athletic trainers.
Features:
Active Ingredients
Contains:.
Gillette Sensor 3 Triple-Blade Disposable Razor for Men - 4 Each
Our Price:$6.01
Sensodyne Maximum Strength with Fluoride Toothpaste - 4 Oz
Our Price:$5.15
Head and Shoulders dandruff shampoo, classic clean - 14.2 oz
Our Price:$4.81Steve Mason & Dennis Bovell
Ghosts Outside
(Domino)
US: 6 Sep 2011
UK: 25 Jul 2011
Remixed records rarely get the attention of listeners and for good reason—there is no original material, and the creation often doesn’t follow the artist’s original intentions. Ghosts Outside, the newly remixed album by Steve Mason (formerly of Beta Band) and Dennis Bovell (the veteran UK reggae producer), is no different, though it should be commended for dramatically changing the sound of Mason’s original record, even if the results are often more interesting than spectacular.
Last year’s Boys Outside rivaled Mason’s best work since he led the Beta Band in creating The Three EPs. But success has been fleeting for Mason every since that slice of off-kilter rock—Mason himself is often the biggest critic of his own work, once calling his Beta Band debut “fucking awful.” But Boys Outside recaptured much of the magic of Mason’s best work with Beta Band, successfully incorporating indie rock, folk, and electronic influences by creating a sparse and haunting record that gives the appropriate amount of distance to complement Mason’s gorgeous voice.
The one success of Ghosts Outside is that it manages to highlight Mason’s voice in a variety of previously unheard fashions, but overall, the music backing the voice is weaker. Reggae and dub are traditions that artists from the US and UK have often dabbled with, but few bands other than The Clash have had all that much success. But it is logical that an artist as experimental as Mason would try to create a reggae album; really, the only surprise is that Mason hasn’t tried out the style before. Given Mason’s previous solo stuff and work with Beta Band, his voice and music seem suited for a reggae or dub reworking, and this was likely the reasoning behind this collaboration. And for the first few tracks, it works. The stabs of brass horns, heavy bass, and guitar lines provide interesting contrast to Mason’s soulful voice. It’s a surprisingly haunting and eerily beautiful sound. But the lack of variety ends up hurting the sum of the tracks, as the record ends up meandering. Mason’s voice and Bovell’s production are not enough to carry a winding record through over 40 minutes of generally unvaried music.
One complaint that cannot be made about this remix is that it doesn’t cover any new ground; surprisingly for a remix, the end product is quite different from the original material. Yet, the originality is fleeting. In the end, one is left wondering if this record would have been better off as an EP consisting only certain choice cuts. But for those of us who love Beta Band’s The Three EPs and are left wanting more material from Mason, Dub Outside is certainly not terrible. It’s a worthwhile addition to his small discography, occupying an interesting niche and providing a fascinating approach to remixMy mom has started one of these bad boys, too, so we're encouraging each other as we go, helping each other when we get stuck. It's a good way to keep sewing "together," even though I live far away now. :-( Thank goodness for Skype! I'll show you Mom's blocks periodically when she sends me photos.
Without further ado, Week 2 of the Dear Jane Challenge:
Happy stitching!
Kelly
6 comments:
Kelly, It was nice to meet you at market. You seem like a fun time! The quilt is coming along nicely but knowing me I'd decide it was a nice table runner and wrap it up about where you are now...wish I was patient enough to do one of that size!
Mary, it was SO nice to meet you - - I have decided you need to be a standup comedian and probably have a TV show. Let me know how I can make that happen. As far as the quilt goes, we'll see - I'm still feeling like I can maybe pull it off, but you never know - I may have a really nice tablerunner myself in a few weeks... :-)
I'm digging the grid. It's the perfect way to show off your progress. Hope you get some rest after the big weekend.
Glad to see you are back in town. Hope it was a good trip. We missed you Saturday.
The grid overwhelms me... I can't imagine making that many blocks with all those little pieces per block. But I sure am glad that you are sharing your experience with us.
@ Jacqueline: I know, it's seriously overwhelming. It feels like throwing pebbles in the ocean. But my little stack is growing, so that feels good!
@ Tamie: Thank you! I missed you guys - thinking about you all weekend!
@ Jean: I'm trying to get rested up, but my mind won't stop racing - in a good way! :-)We stayed at La Rosa de America a total of four nights, at the beginning and end of our trip to Costa Rica. The hotel is about fifteen minutes from the San Jose airport, located in a quiet area among colorful plant nurseries, and lets you avoid the major traffic problems that the capital presents. La Rosa is clean, attractive, well managed, has a complete breakfast, but maybe what we appreciated most is its friendly and knowledgeable staff. They went to great lengths to answer our many questions about travel, including suggestions about using the inexpensive public transportation. They even prepared us a to-go breakfast when we left for the airport at 5:30 in the morning.
Don't don't miss this one!A beautiful big pile of plastic bottles, plus a plastic chair on the Canterbury side of the Cooks River next to the Illawarra Road Bridge. All these were collected from the muddy bank just below.
About 5-metres to the left of the pile of plastic bottles shown in the photo above a White-Faced Heron was foraging for food under the Illawarra Road Bridge. There are more bottles & tins around him. Seeing wildlife like this reinforces the need to clean up their home.
For a few months now I have been noticing piles of dirty plastic bottles on both banks of the Cooks River. It seems that some local hero is spending quite a bit of time collecting the bottles & other pieces of plastic litter & putting them in a pile ready for either Marrickville or Canterbury Council to remove them.
To whoever is doing this, I thank you. You are one of those quiet achievers in the community whose work is largely unrecognized. It’s hard & dirty work.
It is not uncommon to see both adults & children fling their plastic bottle away once they have emptied it. Seeing the piles of bottles is a strong message to stop littering. One bottle doesn’t look like much, but a pile does.
July 21, 2012 at 6:59 pm
architectgja
You are inspiring people, Jacqueline :)
July 21, 2012 at 10:54 pm
Kristina
I agree architectgja :)
July 21, 2012 at 9:43 pm
Kristina
This is very inspiring! Thanks for posting about it Jacqueline.
July 24, 2012 at 3:16 pm
whimsicat
whoever is doing the cleaning up, they are a hero! and thanks for recording this great work SoT – you’re the best too!
July 26, 2012 at 7:38 pm
brenda
Wonderful story Jacqueline. I would love to shake this person’s hand and pat them on the back.
This story reminds me of the saying that “from little things big things grow”
I hope there are a few more people like this quiet achiever who clears rivers of rubbish around the LGA in the future. In fact, wouldn’t it be nice if we all just put our rubbish in the bin or in recycling.
October 19, 2014 at 6:04 pm
Deb
I think the bottles are put there by the Cooks RIver Tossers. They deliberately leave the bottles there for show and they are collected a few days later. The CRVA, Tossers & Mudcrabs joined together in March to collect this pile of bottles to give to Barry .. a month later a different type of bottle got him a new career!Posted by Bob on September 04, 2001
In Reply to: Shot heard around the world? posted by Joe Hamblin on September 04, 2001
: I'm looking for the origin of the phrase, 'The shot heard around
the world'. I tend to remember it as being the reason
: for the start of WW1. A shooting involving some Duke or King. Any ideas?
Emerson.
By the rude bridge that arched the flood,
Their flag to April's breeze unfurled,
Here once the embattled farmers stood,
And fired the shot heard round the world.
Of course, it has been applied ever since to any number of other significant "shots" including various assassinations, and one highly disappointing home run in a 1951 baseball playoff, but I'd rather not relive that painful memory.Syria frees 18 Jordanian detainees
Eighteen Jordanian prisoners, freed earlier this week by Syria after an agreement between the two sides, arrived on Thursday in the kingdom, a witness at the border said. "They arrived at the Jaber border between the two countries," the witness told AFP.
The released Jordanians were not detained in Syria for political crimes, their relatives said. Jordanian Minister of State for Information Nasser Judeh said on Wednesday the prisoners were jailed in Syria for "various reasons."
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad ordered their release as part of a deal reached earlier this month during a summit in Damascus with Jordan's King Abdullah II. It was the king's first visit to the Syrian capital in nearly four years. According to local news reports, there are 250 Jordanians jailed in Syrian prisons.
Judeh has said a joint committee is following up on the fate of the other Syrian and Jordanian detainees held in the two countries in a bid to free all the prisoners.It's not as good as it's predecessor, A Canticle for Leibowitz, but it's not a bad read, especially if you liked the first book. Read morePublished 3 days ago by Chuck Fitzer
“I can’t remember the last time I so avidly looked forward to reading a new novel, and with such gratifying results,” Science Fiction Chronicle burbles on the back cover of my copy... Read morePublished 2 months ago by Alexander Gaya
In only his second ever published novel, Walter M. Miller, Jr. takes the pre-Renaissance era of his first novel and tells the story of a post-nuclear war North America embroiled in... Read morePublished 2 months ago by Jesse L. Holt
Avant-Garde Politician: Leaders for a New Epoch
To understand my total disappointment by this book, one must understand the interesting philosophy of history hypothesis... Read more
Were this a movie it would carry a PG-13 rating. Having said that, it is interesting and well-written. Read morePublished 18 months ago by Thomas N. Crocker
St. Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman was obviously a labor of love by Walter Miller. It is so densely written and so intricately plotted that it should be read with a notebook... Read morePublished on October 17, 2012 by Eileen Hodgetts
how can you not review this as a 5 out of ten~! blacktooth was an emissarry, almost stuck down for talking to the allies! Read morePublished on October 11, 2012 by Edward Michael VanHouten
I consider A Canticle for Leibowitz the best book I've ever read. So maybe it's not surprising that the sequel was disappointing. Read morePublished on June 26, 2011 by Mark Smith
I struggled with this book, an 'interquel' to Miller's previous novel, A Canticle for Leibowitz. The middle third of this mature-themed novel was difficult reading but I am... Read morePublished on September 3, 2010 by Bernard R. AssafWho’s Who in Black Atlanta took over Frank Ski’s Restaurant in Buckhead Monday night to announce the publication’s new Game Changers honor presented in the 15th annual edition, which will be debuted on Nov. 6.
Stacii Jae Johnson, Associate Publisher of Who’s Who in Black Atlanta, described the soon-to-be-named Game Changer honorees as Atlanta luminaries who are “original, captivating, distinct, inspiring, profound, impassioned and original.”
The new category for excellence is expected to take off in Who’s Who publications throughout the U.S. and will be launched in Atlanta.
“Atlanta’s the perfect place [to start Game Changers] because historically things have always started in Atlanta,” said Johnson. “As a child my mother told me, ‘Black people can be something in Atlanta.’ She said Atlanta was the place of opportunity for African Americans.”
On hand for the event was Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed, who will autograph the 2013 edition’s forward. He spoke passionately to the crowd about the importance of Who’s Who in the city and its legacy. He also sat down for a conversation with Real Times Media about the impact Who’s Who can have.
“For 15 years we’ve had Who’s Who in Black Atlanta and what it does is lift up individuals who are worthy examples in the city of Atlanta, because examples matter,” Reed said. “You can’t dream about or become what you’ve never seen, so to the extent that you have a wide range of examples, you have mentors and people that you can model your career after, model your life after, and that’s what Who’s Who provides.
“That’s what makes Who’s Who so special and so important,” Reed continued, “because it really does give people a broad example, a number of examples, of people who have achieved excellence and who have lived lives that are worthy of praise.”
While the 15th rendition of Who’s Who in Black Atlanta will stay true to many of the publication’s established traditions, 2013’s edition will also boast some exciting updates. In addition to adding the first-of-its-kind Game Changer category, Atlanta will also pay homage to the city’s up-and-coming with its Emerging Leaders category.
“We’re making a concentrated effort to reach out and include emerging leaders in the book because for me, I need to see new faces,” said Johnson. “So in Atlanta we’re making sure we reach out and we connect to emerging leaders who are just as much a staple in this city as some of the other leaders who we all are aware of.”
One of those emerging leaders, Justin G. Tanner, a member of the Democratic National Committee’s National Finance Team, talked about the prestige of being named an Emerging Leader.
“It feels incredible,” said Tanner. “Atlanta is pretty much the cradle of the civil rights movement. We’ve had a lot of young, smart leaders who played a major role, not only during that time, but changing the world. So it just is an honor to continue in that tradition. It’s an honor to work under great leaders like Mayor Reed and I couldn’t be more happy to be a part of the publication.”
The night was about gratitude and charity, and it came from more just the publication. Quinnie Jenkins-Rice, Manager of Community Affairs and Grassroots for Southwest Airlines, which is a diamond sponsor of the 2013 Who’s Who in Black Atlanta publication, also gave away two round trip tickets to anywhere in the U.S. to one lucky winner.
For Jenkins-Rice, having her employer involved with Who’s Who was a “no-brainer.”
“I think oftentimes African Americans don’t get the recognition they deserve for all the contributions and wonderful things they’re doing to make not only this city, but this country, a better place,” she said. “So given the opportunity to support something like this, it was a no-brainer for me. I felt it was important for those leaders to know that Southwest Airlines supports them.”
One of the Game Changer honorees is Candace Byrd, Mayor Reed’s Chief of Staff. An Atlanta native and graduate of Georgia State University, Byrd explained how it felt to be recognized as a Game Changer in the 2013 edition.
“To be selected as a Game Changer means that I’m really doing something that’s important and for this edition to honor me and to think that my work is worthy and makes a huge difference is something that I’m really proud about,” said Byrd. “For someone to honor you and to single you out and say, ‘What you’re doing is really important in such a way that it’s a game changer,’ means a lot.”
Byrd was also recognized by the publication in 2005.
Nominations for Who’s Who in Black Atlanta are open until Sept. 23 and the honorees will be unveiled at a celebration event inside the Atlanta Marriott Marquis on Nov. 6.
The Atlanta Daily World is a subsidiary of Real Times Media, which also owns Who’s Who in Black Atlanta and Who’s Who Publishing.
(Photo: Mayor Kasim Reed with Who’s Who Associate Publisher Stacii Jae Johnson)Christmas happenings Nov. 27-Dec. 3
Friday, Nov. 27
Friday, Nov. 27
-The annual Park Rapids Community Christmas tree lighting celebration and yuletide sampler are planned for Friday, Nov. 27 on Main Avenue in downtown. The yuletide sampler will begin at 5 p.m. with refreshments at downtown retailers and the tree lighting will begin at 6 p.m. the evening will be filled with caroling, food, shopping and good cheer.
Park Rapids City Administrator Bill Smith and wife Sherry will emcee the event. Jack, Trisha and Jaime Brann and Scott and Carrie Parks are supplying this year's tree. Dr. Paul Dove will conduct the Calvary Lutheran Choir and lead the audience in carols. Sound will be provided by Joe Christianson.
This tree lighting is done in partnership with St. Joseph's Hospice "Light Up a Life" program. Each $5 donated in honor of a loved one, lights up a bulb on the community Christmas tree through New Year's. To sponsor a bulb, call 732-3311.
-Santa's House will be open following the tree lighting ceremony Friday, Nov. 27 at Jackpine Java. It will continue to be open every Friday from 4 to 7 p.m. and Saturday from 3 to 5 p.m. Santa will also be at the movie matinee Saturday, Dec. 19 to walk kids from Park Theater to Jackpine Java. Additionally, Santa will be available after school from 3 to 6 p.m. Wednesday, Dec. 23.
Saturday, Nov. 28
-The City of Wolf Lake will bring the Christmas season with a tree lighting ceremony at 5 p.m. Saturday, Nov. 28. Refreshments and a drawing will be held at the Lions Hall after the lighting. Mary and Gene Aho have donated a 20-foot tree for the event. Proceeds will be used for the new Nativity scene and lighting. Santa may make an appearance at this event.
Thursday, Dec. 3
-Long Lake Theater will present "Ole & Lena's Christmas Carol" that will feature Ole who works for a crummy boss and "da wife," Lena, who's mad at him again. Join Ole, Lena, Sven and others as they brave another Minnesota winter at Christmastime. Performances are at 7 p.m. Thursdays-Saturdays, and at 3 p.m. Saturdays-Sundays, Dec. 3-13 at Long Lake Theater. For more information, call 732-0099 or visit. Ticket holders to the opening performances are invited to a gala at the Jewel of the Northwoods Bed and Breakfast, located at 39050 Twin Lakes Rd., to meet the cast and enjoy light refreshments.On 5/25/07, Anant Narayanan <anant at kix.in> wrote: >
Anonymous
about 5 years ago
Hi, Thanks for the Friendship, Have a Great Week and Stay Safe and Alert out there.........................Cathy
dolphinblue
about 5 years ago
43180 Comments
Book_Em_Mandie
about 5 years ago
6746 Comments
usa_24
about 5 years ago
5020 Comments
Thank you for the add. Have a great week and stay safe. Heather
SuzanneNGa
about 5 years ago
16544 Comments
Thanks for the add :) I love your avatar! LOL
dolphinblue
about 5 years ago
43180 Comments
Hope this finds you enjoying your weekend, take care my friend
Bury
about 5 years ago
1338 Comments
Thanks for the add!!!
Jonas
about 5 years ago
44596 Comments
Thank you for the acceot. Stay safe Jonas
cgingo
about 5 years ago
23274 Comments
Hey Terrence--Thanks for the add. Nice to meet you. Be safe and have a wonderful week. Carl
uncledennis1
about 5 years ago
23490 Comments
Thanks for the friendship. Shetland
msgmarine
about 5 years ago
9330 Comments
Be Safe Out There! Check out my web site if ya get a chance:
The Police News Page is updated daily @
Dmerow250
about 5 years ago
60 Comments
Welcome, something else to get addicted too!! Stay Safe!!
Book_Em_Mandie
about 5 years ago
6746 Comments
Thank you for the add! Enjoy the weekend :o) Stay safe always and watch your six.
-Amanda
dolphinblue
about 5 years ago
43180 Comments
Stopping by to say HI
dbab116
about 5 years ago
31768 Comments
Thanks for the add and stay safe. "Go Tech".If we are to believe the report from Pro Football Weekly, the Detroit Lions don't have any interest in recently released Dallas Cowboys safety Roy Williams.
March 8, ProFootballWeekly.com: Don't expect the Lions to go after recently released SS Roy Williams, late of the Cowboys. It is believed that Dallas offered Williams to the Lions in the Jon Kitna trade talks before settling on sending CB Anthony Henry to Detroit. The Lions apparently weren't interested then and don't appear to be now.21/12/2014
Thanks to Glenn for a report of 4 Hawfinches on Friday 19th.
16/12/2014
A single Hawfinch sunning itself at the top of a conifer at 2.00pm. In the morning, two Ravens were mobbing a Buzzard.
29/11/2014
One Hawfinch seen on an Oak in the Pinetum. (A terrible record shot below)
22/11/14
These stunning young Parrot Waxcaps were found today by Lawrence, a volunteer at Bedgebury. Fieldfare, Redwing, Redpoll and Firecrest have all been seen or heard in the last few days. Crossbills are not being seen at all which is not like last year when they appeared to be everywhere.
27/10/14
A Kingfisher was seen on Reflections lake last week, as well as several Kestrels in the Pinetum. A possible Firecrest refused to give itself up near the Dell. A Migrant Hawker was also seen. Click here for a list of the fungi found on this year's walk. Picking of mushrooms is not allowed - please report any picking to the information office.
16/09/14
A Raven flew over the car park this morning. There is still an abundance of Dragonfly acitivity on site.
09/09/14
A visitor reported a Raven 'cronking' overhead today and our Dendrologist reported a Lesser-spotted Woodpecker from the Pinetum. There are many different mushrooms to be seen in the Pinetum now and a guided walk/talk on our fungi will take place on the 13th October. Click here for more information on this event.
22/08/14
A single Firecrest was seen near to Marshal's lake, as were a family of Buzzards. The Devil's-bit Scabious grassland is teaming with various invertebrates at the moment and many Dragonfly species were noted today.
05/08/14
There are plenty of Clouded Yellow butterflies around the Dam by the visitor centre lake.
19/07/14
This juvenile Grey Wagtail was seen on Marshal's lake yesterday.
10/07/14
Spotted Flycatchers are back nesting in one of our Scots Pines! A Red Kite was also seen yesterday. Many dragonfly species, such as the Brilliant Emerald are out now, as are the Silver-washed Fritillaries. Many Grass Snakes and Common Lizards have also been spotted.
22/05/14
Red Kite over early afternoon. Among the recent Dragonfly sightings, there has been Brilliant Emerald, Four-spotted Chaser and a Hawker sp.
15/05/14
Invertebrates recently include this striking Rhogogaster Sawfly, lots of Speckled Yellow Moths and the first Brilliant Emerald Dragonflies. The best bird has to be a Raven over on Tuesday and many Lizards, Slow Worms and Grass Snakes have been seen.
10/05/14
Some superb Lepidopteran species have been found recently by one of our volunteers, including Grizzled Skipper, Dingy Skipper and Green Hairstreak.
24/04/14
Common Twayblade rosettes were found yesterday, numerous Common Carder Bees were out and a Cuckoo has been heard recently.
21/04/14
The Broad-leaved Helleborine are now out, as are the Common-spotted rosettes. There are now numerous Swallows around the visitor center lake.
17/04/14
Willow Warblers are now singing close to the visitor center and Blackcaps have been signing near to the children's play area. A Grass Snake was also seen swimming in Leaky lake. Lapwing over today and first Bat species of the year seen (larger than common Pip).
09/04/14
House Martin and Swallow both reported in the last couple of days.
03/04/14
This Ground beetle (possibly Poecilus cupreus) was phographed on Sunday. The Pinetum is now brimming with Brimstones, Chiffchaff song is everywhere and Kestrels are nesting close to Marshal's lake. A Slow Worm was also found last week.
20/03/14
An exciting report of a Black Redstart in the forest on Saturday. A Red Kite drifted over the site on Sunday. Firecrest sightings will no longer be reported on here for a little while to limit disturbance over the breeding season.
14/03/14
The Pinetum is really starting to feel alive with activity. Invertebrates are increasing in number everyday and so is the bird song - both Firecrests and Goldcrests can be heard in the Pinetum. Little Grebes are back on the visitor centre lake and Buzzards are now 'mewing' daily above the visitor centre.
10/03/14
Whilst pruning Willows with our wonderful Sunday volunteers, Crossbill, Kestrel, Buzzard, Redpoll and Siskin were all seen. By midday, several Butterfly and Bombus species were seen and during the afternoon a Firecrest was singing away. Red Kite over today.
25/02/14
A Brimstone and White-tailed Bumble Bee were seen over the weekend. Birds recently include singing Chiffchaffs, Kestrel, Sparrowhawk, Crossbill and Firecrest.
21/02/14
A Lesser-spotted Woodpecker has been drumming away with its larger cousins recently. Bullfinch and Buzzard also seen.
12/02/14
Two Ravens flew over on the 11th. One Hawfinch was seen, as was Crossbill, Marsh Tit and Siskin (the latter two on the feeders). Thanks to Mike for these sightings.
11/02/14
A Lesser-spotted Woodpecker reported from the forest over the weekend. Back in the Pinetum today, it was nice to see a Siskin on the Visitor Centre feeders.
01/02/14
Highlights over the last couple of weeks has included both Redpoll and Marsh Tits on the feeders, 3-4 Hawfinches, groups of c.20 Crossbills and the resident Buzzards.
21/01/14
Two independant reports of 4 Hawfinches yesterday which is more encouraging - thank you to John and Tony and Brenda for their reports. Crossbill and Siskin were also seen in the area.
20/01/14
We had a fanstastic turn out yesterday for the Bedgebury Birding Group walk, and lovely weather! The birds were fairly quiet yesterday but we did rack up 27 species. Highlights included one Hawfinch, a few Crossbills (that gave us the run around) and several Siskins.
13/01/14
Good news! Our Visitor Centre feeders are now back, full up with feed and attracting finches, tits and woodpeckers once again.
06/01/14
Archive 29/03/2012
Lesser spotted Woodpeckers can be heard drumming away at Bedgebury most years. The amount of mature, standing dead wood between Bedgebury and Goudhurst is decent habitat for this species. In March 2012, I was fortunate enough to find a male Lesser spotted Woodpecker sorting out a nest hole and a female that would inspect it from time to time. Sadly, as nesting looked imminent, a pair of Great spotted Woodpeckers proceeded to harrass the pair until they vanished. This was heart-breaking but I feel privileged to have witnessed such behaviour from this rare and elusive bird. I hope they had success elsewhere. Here is the female:
05/01/14
One Hawfinch today. I have failed to find more than one, possibly two, Hawfinch this winter which is not a good sign. Please email me at luke@bedgeburypinetum.org.uk if you have had any higher counts this winter.
10/12/13
One, possibly two, Hawfinch reported from the usual area yesterday. Woodcock can still be seen flying over the entrance at dusk.
01/12/13
One Hawfinch preening itself on top of a dead tree at 15.30 today. Also, several Common Crossbills in the area too.
Please note: Hawfinch numbers here are diminishing so, to limit disturbance, please be respectful and quiet whlist visiting the roost.
25/11/13
Three Woodcock flew over the car park at dusk.
18/11/13
There have been a few Red-legged Partridge around recently and a lot of bird activity around the Hawfinch roost, but no Hawfinch yet. Over the weekend a Brimstone was seen.
11/11/13
A flock of about 40 Pied Wagtails were circling around the visitor lake at dusk, with more joining them all the time. I am guessing that there is a large roost nearby...
04/11/13
Two Woodcock flushed by a member of the tree team this morning and a Barn Owl was seen by the walled garden two days ago.
24/10/13
Bramling, Fieldfare and Redwing heard today and a small group of Crossbills were seen.
21/10/13
Bryan Bullen, of the KWT, compiled this list of Bedgebury's fungi following his excellent guided walk on the 17th October.
18/10/13
Birds of note over the last couple of days have included a Buzzard, Crossbills, Redwing and the day-hooting Tawny Owl. Some Darters and Hawkers are still active.
15/10/13
Parrot and Two-barred Crossbill have been reported at nearby Hempstead Forest. Quite a few Great Grey Shrikes have also been reported across the country. These are species that may visit Bedgebury over the winter so please report anything that you find. Our Fieldfares, Redwings and Bramblings should also be arriving soon!
11/09/2013
Over the last week, there have been hundreds of House Martins passing through the Pinetum, favouring the visitor centre lake. There has also been a suspicious looking Phylloscopus warbler in the Willow near the lake. Elsewhere, a group of c.30 Crossbills were seen and a Sparrowhawk chasing a small passerine.
27/08/2013
A family party of Firecrests were found in the Pinetum late Sunday evening and decent views of a young Buzzard were had. Crossbills were seen and heard. I also had a report of a large bird of prey with jessies attached, seen in the forest. Apparently, this 'escapee' has been seen before.
17/08/2013
A Kingfisher graced the Pinetum early morning.
11/08/2013
Crossbill sightings are virtually guaranteed in the Pinetum at the moment. I haven't had the binoculars out to check for any Two-barred yet!
07/08/2013
A female Black Arches among the usual Lepidopterans today. There was a notable increase in Crossbill activity too.
06/08/2013
Two Clouded Yellows on the dam again and reports of Red-eyed Damselfly elsewhere. A group of 8 Crossbills and a lone Redpoll flew over the carpark late morning.
05/08/2013
Still at least one Clouded Yellow on the dam outside of the visitor center today.
04/08/2013
One, possibly two, Clouded Yellows C. Croceus flitting about the Knapweed by the Visitor Center lake this morning. Several sad-looking Broad-leaved Helleborine Orchids were found, as was an ovipositing Southern Hawker and a few Ruddy Darters. Crossbills were heard.
Yesterday, Will Rawles, photographed this Speckled Bush Cricket in the Pinetum (below).
30/07/2013
Archive 16/01/2011
On the afternoon of January 16th 2011, whilst looking for Hawfinch, Will and I came across this Great Grey Shrike (poor record shot below). It was seen again a month later and is probably a returning bird as there have been sporadic records throughout the years. The habitat here does suit this over-wintering species so, hopefully, this wont be the last record...
25/07/2013
Interesting news from one of our wildlife rangers who reported a Barn Owl hunting near to the entrance barriers, a Little Owl near the walled garden and a Tawny Owl in some redwoods. I have had sightings of Barn and Little Owls at many sites but never at Bedgebury. As the Pinetum is a very popular attraction for the public, it may well be that these species are a bit more elusive in the area. I also had my first Emerald Damselflies of the year at Leaky lake today.
22/07/2013
A nice surprise this morning when a Kingfisher was seen darting about on the visitor centre lake. Yesterday, a magnificent Brown Hawker was seen on reflection lake and a Brilliant Emerald on Marshal's.
16/07/2013
Swallows and House Martins continue to display above the visitor centre lake while the Little Grebes are showing well on the water below. Nearby, close to the boardwalk, a Tree Bumble Bee B. Hypnorum nest has been found in a Redwood. I also heard my first Crossbills of the year in the same area.
Along Park Lane, near to the area office, several White Admirals were found by our recreational manager.
13/07/2013
A walk to the Glory Hole today revealed this tatty Silver-washed Fritillary, three Golden-winged Dragonflies and several Brilliant Emeralds among the more common species.
Firecrest activity has virtually ceased but we did locate one. Spotted Flycatcher, Bullfinch and Buzzard were all heard, as was a Raven earlier in the week.
08/07/2013
A Kestrel and a Buzzard were spotted near to the car park today (they are both regular breeders in the Pinetum) with Redpolls continuing to make a racket in the same area. Interestingly, a Hedgehog was found near the play area.
07/07/2013
Two Spotted Flycatchers were found in Dalimore valley, along with one Firecrest and Bullfinch. Elsewhere, Sparrowhawk, Redpoll and Willow Warbler were seen or heard. An Emperor Dragonfly and lots of young Common Toads were also seen.
03/07/2013
Yesterday, James (from the tree team) found two Bee Orchids, which was definitely a nice surprise. I took this picture on my phone as I left the site today.
In addition, Slow Worms and Grass Snakes were found near to the area office.
02/07/2013
As you arrive in the car park, you may hear and see both Redpoll and Pied Wagtail as they are nesting close by. Both birds have distinctive calls so it worth becoming familiar with these. You may also be lucky enough to see a family group of Stoats which have been seen scampering through the car park recently and near to the area office.
As you wander through the Pinetum, you'll now see an array of colour in the form of wildflowers. The unimproved grassland supports a large diversity of flora and orchids such as Heath-spotted, Common-spotted and Twayblade are all out at the moment. This rich grassland supports many invertebrates, including a group pertinent to Bedgebury - Odonata (Dragonflies and Damselflies). Many species have been seen in the past week, such as Black-tailed Skimmer, Broad-boadied Chaser and the nationally important Brilliant Emerald. I even had Downy Emeralds copulating in front of me 2 days ago, something I have never witnessed before.
Bird life is also obvious and vibrant around the Pinetum and the star species is the beautiful Firecrest. Although one of Europe's smallest birds, this time of year it is given away by its song and as it turns out, there are many males holding territory at Bedgebury! Two other rarities that have been heard in the vicinity are Lesser-spotted Woodpecker and Turtle Dove - both species that are in serious decline. Nightjar and Woodcock are now evident in the forest with the latter doing well in terms of numbers. Sadly, no Tree Pipits have been seen in the forest this year and Spotted Flycatchers are proving very difficult to find. Still, despite it not being 'classic south-east countryside', Bedgebury has to be one of the best places in the high Weald to experience wildlife.Car
Portrait of a gentleman with a brown cloak
Portrait of a gentleman and his wife
Portrait of a boy, standing, half-length, with a birds nest in his hands, 1690
Game, poultry, fish and vegetables with a maid plucking a goose
Full-length portrait of a standing gentleman in a landscape, surrounded by his armour, 1631
Portrait of a gentleman (John Locke?) in a russet gown, pointing at an oval portrait of a gentleman (John Milton?), 1675
Portrait of a lady, three-quarter length, holding an orange, wearing a yellow dress and orange wrap, with trees beyond, 1675–1699
Portrait of a gentleman (The son of Joseph Hall, Bishop of Exeter?) in a white shirt, 1640Agenda
2012 Summer School on Concurrency
August 22–29, 2012 | St. Petersburg, Russia
- Agenda
- Speakers and Abstracts
Agenda Summary
Download a one-page, printable overview of the summer school agenda
Complete Agenda
Wednesday, August 22, 2012
Thursday, August 23, 2012
Friday 24 August 2012
Saturday 25 August 2012
Sunday, 26 August 2012
Monday 27 August 2012
Tuesday 28 August 2012
Wednesday 29 August 2012Metaforic has extended its app protection system to be compatible with the upcoming BlackBerry 10 operating system.
Metaforic, a UK-based security company originally funded by the Scottish government, has been around since 2006 and already makes products for Android and iOS. On Tuesday it announced it was adding BlackBerry 10 to the fold at the request of a large DRM customer, Douglas Kinloch, vice president of business development at Metaforic, told ZDNet.
Unlike other security or mobile device management (MDM) vendors, Metaforic's system doesn't aim to secure the platform as a whole or at specific points of vulnerability. Instead it secures the app itself as it is being built and 'immunises' it against attack from malicious software in various ways.
However, given that RIM's BlackBerry platform has always traditionally been regarded as one of the most secure, if not the most secure, mobile platform, what does Metaforic have to offer?
"It traditionally has been an extremely secure platform, we've all known that from government and enterprise users, and from everything we've seen we would expect that BlackBerry 10 will be just that," Kinloch said. "However, the applications that are going to be supplied through the various app stores may not necessarily use all the full capabilities of BlackBerry 10, or there may be something specific that our customers would like to add to the protection of the software.
"What we're hardening are the software applications themselves, regardless of what happens to that particular device," he added.
In order to do this, Metaforic uses a combination of approaches, including anti-tamper capabilities, an authenticator to ensure software is communicating with the intended recipient, and protection against attacks that use hardware breakpoints to interfere with software operations.
"It traditionally has been an extremely secure platform... and from everything we've seen we would expect that BlackBerry 10 will be just that" — Douglas Kinloch, Metaforic
"What we're doing is injecting security primitives, very small pieces of code, automatically into an application as a developer is building it. This works on any platform, from servers down to handheld games consoles, the principle is identical," Kinloch said. "These individual 'fragments' of software are interrelated and check 100 percent of the code that is being compiled, including pre-compiled areas, such as libraries, that some applications will be using as part of their overall process.
"If anybody tries to make a change to the application or tries to analyse, or identify and remove any of our security checks, they will not be able to do so without triggering a [defensive] response from our system."
While Kinloch conceded that the company could "do a little more" on the Android platform due to the more stringent app signing processes on the iOS and BlackBerry App World stores, he said that all versions were fully featured with no omissions on any platform. He also confirmed that the company was keeping its eyes open for new platforms to support in the future, including Linux-based ones .
"The challenge for open source is that many of the bad guys know the open source as much as the good guys," Kinloch said.
Join the discussion
Conversation powered by Livefyre"Your case is a bit unusual...
...and we're working on it," according to my second Typepad help ticket email notification (which I am receiving, loud and clear). Unusual because I'm receiving some (7 of the 11 to date on the last post) but not all (2 of the 10 on the previous post). Yeah. I'm not the only one and it doesn't appear to be related to Yahoo so much. We'll see. I have no gripes with Typepad's help ticket system -- I've only needed to use it a few times and it's been great. It's a good way to practice patience. I need to practice patience these days. I'm trying Victoria's suggestion to turn off notification and then turn it back on. La, lala, lala.
Let's see, I'll call this picture Iris Seeds and Scamp. I guess I usually snap off the spent iris flowers before they get this far, so I am kind of amazed. This is way in the back and I just haven't been down there as much this year... actually, since I quit smoking. I used to go down here numerous times a day and then often get caught up in the weed-pulling and dead-heading and tidying, etc. Now, the bleeding heart and bloodroot have obliterated the garden path; thankfully, I prepped really well when this was first planted, so the weeds aren't a huge problem. They're a huge problem in the front garden, which I see on a daily basis and still manage to ignore, but that's another story.
I don't know what's wrong with me. Well, yes I do... there are a lot of things going on in my life and in the lives of people around me -- some close, some far. There have been big, huge, monumental changes in the dynamic of some of the people in my life and a lot of frustration dealing with people problems. And the kids are changing gears again -- Katie has applied, last-minute, for fall semester rather than spring because, surprisingly, she can't stand her new job/mostly new boss (who is a friend of a friend and, yeah, so, ICK) and she hates it so much that she is looking for a new job and had a promising interview (actually two) yesterday and, well, let's just cross our fingers for her. It's no fun when your daughter cries because she's so unhappy with a stupid part-time job. And Alison! She, too, has applied for fall semester -- at a different yet still nearby school, and is actually thinking about living in a dorm. I'm happy and all that, but not quite sure what's brought about the sudden change.
I really am overwhelmed, too, by all the stuff that's been displaced and the task of sorting, organizing, tossing... dealing. DH moved a few things to the queue yesterday and it just about put me over the edge. I am angry with myself for letting it get this bad. No... I'm more angry for not paying attention. Maybe my house is too big. The days are too short. Really. I need to practice patience here, too, and realize that it didn't all pile up in a day, so it's going to take some time to deal with it. Eventually it will be over. The kids will find their way -- I know they will. I'll be happy, they'll be happy. I will knit again. Deep breaths. Small bites, don't worry about the big picture. You can only do what you can do.
I went through one of two old boxes of cards and letters last night (from back in the olden days, before email), a few pictures, report cards (mine) -- wow, Grandpa really sent me a lot of postcards! -- I mostly sorted, but did toss some stuff. Maybe the other box tonight... while I talk long-distance for cheap on my new cable phone!
Tomorrow, I'm goin' to the zoo with my favorite one-year-old nephew. I'm gonna show him the giraffes.
If you want to call me long distance, go ahead! I'd love to talk to you.
Have fun at the zoo!
Posted by: Carole | 28 June 2006 at 02:04 PM
Dude! You better call me before Ann - that's all I have to say! ;-)
I so know where you are, my friend. There are so many things I want to be doing and I need to be doing and my house is an absolute mess and I can't get it together at all and I would rather be doing 8 million other things and stuff keeps breaking and I hate summer and it's hot and I'm fat and and and.... I'm right there with you. Take a deep breath and do one thing each day. That's what I'm trying to do!
Posted by: Cara | 28 June 2006 at 02:11 PM
Sorry you're feeling so overwhelmed by life right now. I hate trying to organize, 'cause, like you, I wonder how I let things get so bad in the first place.
You're right, the girls will be happy again, and you will knit again soon enough.
Have fun at the zoo with your nephew! He'll love the giraffes.
Posted by: Mary in Boston | 28 June 2006 at 02:24 PM
Well, guess whaaaaaaaaat. Today I received 16 out of 21 of my email notifications. I would not have known had I not gone and checked my comments. So "unusual"? Maybe, maybe not!
Posted by: Norma | 28 June 2006 at 02:36 PM
Yea. I had no clue about the notification thing. Until....Norma mentioned someone else's comment in her comment. I never got that comment via email.
Hugs to you m'dear. And I say you call me BEFORE you call EITHER Ann or Cara! I've been to Wisconsin.
Posted by: Kathleen | 28 June 2006 at 02:47 PM
Your case is NOT unusual...I've been having the same problem for three days. Typepad's pretty good about getting things straightened out, though. I really don't have any complaints with them.
Gosh, your post about *everything* came at the perfect time...now I don't have to write it. I'll just add *Me, too!!* Is there a full moon or something?
Posted by: Jan | 28 June 2006 at 08:55 PM
I hope things get better for you soon. It sucks when you can't knit! :-)
Posted by: Angelia | 29 June 2006 at 09:13 AM
I can certainly relate to your sense of frustration; it feels like the house morphs around me without my noticing till things are out of control. I have had a tough year too, and keep patiently waiting for change, but reminding myself to be proactive at the same time. Think of the good progress you have made!
Posted by: Birdsong | 29 June 2006 at 12:25 PMStats & Rankings for rubyvandel
rubyvandel
@rubyvandel
wow. how cool is twitter?
@rubyvandel
rubyvandel joined Twitter on 2008-11-04 20:46:43
Ranked 1st in the world by followers
Ranked 97th by followers in 'where in the world are YOU?'
See even more detailed rubyvandel Twitter stats at Twitter Counter.
Want to be featured here and get more followers too? Find out how on Twitter CounterAs much as I enjoy living in the mountains of western North Carolina, I have to say I'm a little jealous of your zip code (or "codice di avviamento postale," as the locals might say). So you're basically looking for a manlier, outdoorsier, version of Eat, Pray, Love huh? Well, how about a top ten guide for someone who wants to Sweat, Play, Rove through Europe? (That sound you hear is me patting myself on the shoulder for the clever play on words.) Here goes:
1. Ski a Glacier
In the winter, there's nothing more liberating than carving down the wide-open high glaciers of the Alps, with the rest of the world stretching below you. In the summer, it's simply awesome to be able to ski. Stubai in Austria is one of Europe's premier on- and off-piste glacier destinations, just outside of Innsbruck.
2. Drive a Canal Boat Through Southern France
There isn't a more romantic vacation than driving a boat for a week down the magnificent, tree-lined 300-year-old Canal du Midi, which connects the Atlantic and Mediterranean through Southern France. Le Boat, plans tours and offers boat rentals starting at $567 per week.
3. Learn to Cook in Tuscany
Sip wine from a basket bottle and master the simple techniques that transform staples like tomatoes, pecorino cheese, beans, olive oil, and mushrooms into high cuisine (and you into a cooking dynamo). The Italian Cookery Course runs a seven-day cooking school and culinary tour, starting at $2,950 per person.
4. Conquer the Matterhorn
This 14,690-foot shark's fin of gneiss on the Swiss-Italian border is Europe's most imposing peak. International Mountain Guides will lead you to the top, if you dare. You'll train with them for nearly a week on similar mountains beforehand. Prices start at $3,500.
5. Walk in the Footsteps of the Great English Poets
The stark beauty of the Lake District in England has inspired artists and poets since the likes of Coleridge, Wordsworth, and Tennyson wandered its bare, rolling hills in the 18th century. Take an inn-to-inn walking tour, eating pub grub, and visiting the haunts of these legendary figures along the way. Plan your own trip to save money, or use a service like English Lakeland Ramblers, which organizes seven-day walks for $3,175, all-inclusive.
6. Drive the Autobahn in a Porsche
Porsche. Autobahn. Need I say more? Auto Europe rents them for $750 a day.
7. Flamenco Dance in Spain
Flamenco, the dramatic, foot-stamping exotic folk-dance of Southern Spain. The company Go Learn To leads several different excursions to Andalucia for flamenco dance lessons—lasting from a weekend to week-long, and starting at about $200 per person.
8. Land a Salmon fit for a Viking God
Fly-fishing in the frigid, barren rivers of Iceland is truly Beowulf-worthy, with salmon that grow larger than 20 pounds and fight like a shark. The season runs from June to September. Iceland Angling Travel will lead you, starting around $500 for a one-person trip (or $300 each for a two-person trip).
9. Yodel from the Top of the Alps
You'll feel like you've been dropped into The Sound of Music as you ascend the flower-filled alpine meadows of the Alps in summer, and when you reach a ridge crest, you can't help but want to break into a yodel (and then brag to everyone at home that you did it). One of the best starting points for a day hike is Zermatt. Follow the ten-mile round-trip Höhenweg Höhbalmen from town, offering glimpses of the Matterhorn. Stay at the Coeur des Alpes, a swanky B&B carved into the mountainside, which starts at $174 per night.
10. Make a Crop Circle, and Freak out an Entire Continent
Nothing like sneaking into a wheat field at night, making a crop circle shaped like Ned Flanders, and watching the alien conspiracy theories spread across all of Europe the next day. Good times. The web site How Stuff Works diagrams the way to do it properly.Illustrations by Ruben Ireland
British graphic designer Ruben Ireland uses mixed media with the fusion of traditional techniques and digital processing to create thoughtful, dreamlike images that carry emotional weight as well as a relevance to our daily lives. His tools include ink, acrylic, dirty water, foods, weathered paper as well as photoshop and a wacom table.
Lianne Spidel grew up in Detroit, the daughter of an automotive artist. She is a graduate of Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio, and the University of Michigan.
A high school English teacher for 31 years in Michigan, Maryland, and Ohio, she found herself invariably the advisor of the school newspaper, but her first love was creative writing, working with her students' original work and encouraging them to publish and compete. Their successes challenged her to return to writing poetry herself, and she became a member of the Greenville Poets in 1988. She retired from the Greenville, Ohio, school system in 1998 and since then has taught classes in writing and literature in a local retirement community through Edison Community College in Greenville, where she lives.
Her poetry book What To Tell Joseme is available from Main Street Rag. Her chapbook Chrome was published in 2006 by Finishing Line Press. In 2012, Lianne's chapbook Pairings (with Anne Loveland, Michigan artist) was published by Dos Madres. Among her publishing credits are poems in Poetry, Shenandoah, Poetry Daily, Atlanta Review, Nimrod, Rhino, Main Street Rag, and Rattle, among other journals, and in the anthology I Have My Own Song For It: Modern Poems of Ohio. One of her favorite poetry subjects is art; another is people, and the people she knows appear frequently in her work: her artist father and irrepressible mother, her sons John and Dan, her daughter-in-law Sara and her five grandchildren Elizabeth, Sarah, Claire, Annie and Sam.
Web services by eLIANT Technology Services. Original design by Dwayne M. Snider.
© 2008, The Greenville Poets.“Heritage is not just about sticks and stones. It’s about things making sense to people, part of the accumulated culture of their communities.” – John Yates
—————————————————————————
I began writing this blog in 2012 in conjunction with my Institute for Archaeologists training placement as a Heritage Officer at the Brecon Beacons National Park. After a year of wonderful work learning about procedures for heritage management within a National Park my placement sadly came to an end at the beginning of October 2013. After a stint working behind the bar at my local hotel I got offered a job working on the Calch project, an investigation into the lime industry of Carmarthenshire run by Dyfed Archaeological Trust with which I was briefly involved during my training placement.
From January 2014 until the end of October I worked on the Calch project as an Outreach Officer coordinating events and archaeological investigations as well as delivering talks and tours of the Black Mountain Quarries on which the Calch project was mainly focussing. Culminating in a grand launch event with the Minister for Culture and Sport John Griffiths and representatives from each of the partners, the project explored the industrial heritage of the Black Mountain whilst involving the community in the proceedings.
From the end of the Calch project I worked for a few weeks as part of Dyfed Archaeological Trust’s field services team, working on an excavation in Ceredigion and on some report writing for previously completed fieldwork projects.
On the 12th January I started my new job as the Outreach, Education and Volunteer Officer for the exciting Middleton: Paradise Regained – Reclaiming a Regency Rarity project at the National Botanic Garden of Wales – a place which has been close to my heart since my first visit when I was 11. The project will run over 5 years and involves tracing the origins of the Middleton estate which has deep roots in the East India Company and Plants for Health. This project is incredibly varied and offers the chance for me to develop many skills; I’m very excited!
As my current work is not quite full time I’m hoping I’ll be able to write some more articles for this blog; I am half way through a slightly tongue-in-cheek article about the first episode of the BBC series Atlantis of which I have become quite the fan. I’ve so much to post!
I hope you’ll stay tuned, and if you have any questions relating to the things I write on this blog, please don’t hesitate to contact me on hspheritage@outlook.com.
It does sound like a wonderful job, look forward to more!
They must have thought your ‘various’ over use was some how appropriate :)
Thank you Ronnie, I will keep writing about my travels across the park!
Good work Hollie Mae, hope it’s a great year and that it leads to a permanent post!
Hi Jon, thanks for your comment!
Hello, Thanks for visiting my blog and your comment. Your ” About Me ” sounds wonderful. I know the Brecon Beacons well as I used to live in Knighton Powy’s. Have you been to Lyme Regis where its great for fossils. Enjoy your job.
No problem! The Brecon Beacons is a wonderful place – I’m so lucky to be working here! Yes, been to Lyme Regis a couple of times and have spent many a day searching for fossils on the Isle of Wight… I LOVE it!
Looking forward to reading your blogs when I get some time!
Take care
Yes looks like a great Job Just think of us behind a computer most of the day only dreaming about working outside! Good luck and keep blogging with some more interesting outdoor stuff!
We’ll be sure to post more photos before I leave in two weeks’ time! ;)
Nice reading about you
Thanks for visiting my blog. Be in touch. Browse through the category sections, I feel you may find something of your interest.
No probs! Will have a gander
thanks dear
This does sound wonderful!! I wanted to be an archaeologist when I was young and the appeal of that type of work has never left me. In the 7th grade I was on a dig in Virginia where they had to move a drovers tavern back some 500 ft or so to make way for a road. We found lots of interesting Civil War artifacts and the thing said to be unexpected was that we found Union and Confederate uniform buttons there when there was no record of both armies being at that location. But, it was a drover’s tavern so who knows who did come by. It was great fun!! I have a cousin who participated in many digs in Europe, primarily she did the architectural drawings.
So best to you on a wonderful and interesting journey to the past, present and future..much to learn.
It is fantastic though unfortunately generally very poorly paid, but I love it!
That sounds like a fascinating place to dig! I love how archaeology can shed light on gaps in history.
I will be posting about my future journeys :)
I will look forward to that!!
The end of Brecon :”(
Do you have anything lined up?
Hope all is well x<3~x
I have Welsh blood on my Dad’s side and an interest in what you are doing…thank you also for following my blog, BY THE MIGHTY MUMFORD. Not too many poems on archaeology lately…hmmm, let me think!!!!! :)
Yes! Write some archaeology poetry (and I suggest you look up Gruff Rhys’ ‘Court of King Arthur for some rhyme inspiration in that department!).
Thanks for dropping by :)Euronet Posts Quronet Worldwide Inc. (EEFT - Snapshot Report) reported third-quarter operating net income of 51 cents per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 48 cents by 6.3%. Results also surpassed the year-ago operating net income of 38 cents per share by 31.6%.
Net income of Euronet came in at $47.9 million or 92 cents per share, improving considerably from $14.6 million or 28 cents per share in the prior-year quarter.
The improvement came largely on the back of value-added products and balanced growth in both the U.S. and international markets through continuous network expansion.
Operational Update
Total revenues of Euronet in the reported quarter grossed $360.6 million, surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $353 million by 2.1%. An improvement of 14% year over year was driven by higher revenues across all the segments.
Total operating expenses of Euronet for the third quarter amounted to $305.3 million, increasing 4.5% year over year. The rise was primarily due to higher operating costs (up 11.7% year over year), salaries and benefits (up 16% year over year) and selling, general and administrative expenses (up 10.7% year over year).
Adjusted operating income for Euronet was $36 million, soaring 49% from $24.2 million in the prior-year period.
Total transactions for Euronet declined 1% year over year to $582 million in the reported quarter.
Segment Details
The EFT Processing Segment reported total revenues of $83.6 million, increasing 29% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted operating income also surged 74% year over year.
The improved performance resulted from growth in sales of value-added products, improved performance from brown label ATMs in India and ATM network expansion.
Total transactions in the segment were $304 million, flat year over year. Higher contribution from the segment’s operations in Serbia, India, Greece, China, Pakistan, Romania and Poland were offset by termination of the previously announced contract with IDBI Bank in India.
The epay Segment reported total revenues of $182.6 million, increasing 6% from the prior-year quarter. Operating income amounted to $12.1 million in the third quarter, up 20% year over year.
The improvement was owing to higher non-mobile product sales, mainly in Germany, higher prepaid mobile sales in the U.S. and the acquisition of ezi-pay in New Zealand in Nov 2012. The upside was limited by soft performances in Middle-East and Australia and start-up expenses in Russia and Turkey. The segment’s operating income improvement also stemmed from gains from lower intangible amortization expenses.
Total transactions during the reported quarter declined 3% year over year to $269 million.
The Money Transfer Segment’s total revenues improved 19% year over year to $95.3 million in the quarter under review. Operating income surged 21% year over year to $7.5 million in the third quarter of 2013.
A surge in total transactions contributed to the expansion of revenue and operating income. Total transactions increased 11% over the year-ago quarter to 8.9 million. Growth in transactions came from consistent sales success and substantial network expansion.
The company’s Corporate and Other Segment reported total expenses of $8.9 million, increasing 34.8% from the prior-year quarter. The increase was primarily due to short- and long-term incentive compensation expenses.
Financial Position
Euronet’s strong cash balance is reflective of its cash and cash equivalents of $244.5 million as of Sep 30, 2013, which surged 27.5% year over year.
Total assets of Euronet as of Sep 30, 2013 were $1.51 billion, up 2.9% compared with $1.47 billion at the end of Sep 30, 2012.
Long-term debt obligation of Euronet amounted to $235.3 million at the end of the reported quarter, increasing from $78.6 million as of Sep 30, 2012. Shareholders equity totaled $613.5 million improving 7.9% from the period ended Sep 30, 2012.
Debt to capital ratio of Euronet as of Sep 30, 2013 was 28.7%, representing an improvement of 260 basis points over 31.3% reported at the end of the prior-year quarter.
Guidance
Euronet currently expects fourth-quarter adjusted cash earnings of 57 cents per share with the assumption of constant foreign currency exchange rates.
Zacks Rank
Euronet presently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Among others in the space, American Express Company (AXP - Analyst Report), with a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) reported its third quarter net earnings per share of $1.25, surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 2.4%. FleetCor Technologies Inc. (FLT - Snapshot Report) and Portfolio Recovery Associates Inc. (PRAA - Analyst Report), each with a Zacks Rank #2 are expected to report their results soon.
Get the latest research report on EEFT - FREE
Get the latest research report on AXP - FREE
Get the latest research report on PRAA - FREE
Get the latest research report on FLT - FREEThread
:
1000 Mile Loop to Nowhere
05-02-2013, 03:09 PM
#
1
mill
OP
Adventurer
Joined: Jan 2011
Location: AL azzcrk a.k.a Da Gump
Oddometer: 49
1000 Mile Loop to Nowhere
I never share much here as I tend to be more active in a local forum. That is where most of my sharing goes on. I decided I would cross post this ride report for your enjoyment. I made this ride in July of 2012.
So for the past few weeks I have had that "lost soul" feeling, and have had a hard time shaking it. I knew it was time for a solo weekend ride. A few days to clear my head and settle myself again. I wasn't really sure which direction I wanted to head, but I never really am.
Thursday night I decided that if things went well, and I was able to clear issues up at work, that I would leave early Saturday morning and head East. Why did I chose East? Well this "July Challenge" thing had me wanting to hit an outlying state. Of course everyone goes to N.C. and I already have a trip to Arkansas planned for October, so I decided to go where no one ever goes....South Carolina. I threw down a route on MapSource that night......
Well, I got home and Friday night late and tossed the hammock in the top case. I sat down and poked around on the web and came across a place they call "Georgia's Little Grand Canyon". Looked rather interesting, so I incorporated it into the route. I set the alarm for 5:00am and went to bed.......
The alarm went off, just as I had anticipated....only this time I wasn't getting up. I decided "screw it" I'm sleep in! I finally got out of bed around 10am, cooked my "5 eggs and toast breakfast of champions" messed around the house for a bit, and was on the road by noon.... lazy dayzzzz ^-^
My first stop was to eat again. I pulled in at the Wendy's in Eufala, stepped inside, and found myself surrounded by a diner full of teens and pre-teens that were returning home from a beach trip. While in line a gentleman comes to ask if that is my red motorcycle parked outside. I told him it was, and he proceeded to tell me he had just backed in to it!!!!!
We walk outside and inspect the damage. Not much too it really, and surely not enough to worry with. Scuffed the front fender a bit is all. I wasn't in the talking mood now and didn't have a lot to say to the man. Apologizing again, the man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a religious pamplet. Come to find out, he's the preacher at the local church....hhhmmmm. As I turn to walk away he says something that really bothered me " Now you be careful on that motorcycle". I know it was meant well, but at the time it irked me. In my head I thought "be careful for fools like you that don't even check behind them when they back up.....maybe you should be more careful!!!!" {113}
After eating I jumped back on the bike and headed to my only "planned" stop.
[size=18pt]Providence Canyon, Lumpkin GA
[/size]
It was kind of hot and I planned to hike down to the canyon basin, so I stripped my gear and pt my camelback back on. I made the hike down and spent the next couple of hours soul searching and exploring.
Alright, I'll pick this back up tomorrow...........
millVoter Information
Am I eligible to Vote?You’re eligible to vote if you are:
- A Canadian citizen.
- 18 years or older on Election Day.
- A Nunavut resident for at least one year on Election Day
- Have a court order that says you don’t understand your actions - you can’t decide things for yourself. OR
- Broke the laws under the Criminal Code and you‘re in a place for people with mental illness. OR
- Broke an election law somewhere in Canada in the last five years and were convicted.
What does ‘Nunavut resident‛ mean in the Nunavut Elections Act ?
The Nunavut Elections Act says if you’re away at school, in hospital, or in jail you can vote if you still call Nunavut your home. You vote for a candidate in the constituency you call home.
Voters that move to a different community in the same constituency vote in their new home community. Voters that move outside Nunavut for a permanent job are not residents.
Each voter can only vote once. If a voter has two homes in different places they vote where they live more than six months of the year.
Elections Nunavut makes a list of all Nunavummiut who have the right to vote. It is a list of all registered voters. The voters list has your name, mailing address, and civic address - your house and lot number. Elections Nunavut uses the voters list to keep track of who voted during an election. They only use the voters list during elections and keep the information on it very safe. No one uses the voters list for jury duty.
More information and documents are available in the Documents and Legislation SectionWho We Help.
Stateless People
Millions of stateless people are left in a legal limbo, with limited basic rights.
Asylum-Seekers
Asylum-seekers need essential help and advice while applying for refugee status.
Internally Displaced People
The internally displaced seek safety in other parts of their country, where they need help.Five albums for college life
Have you ever been in a situation where you think the only thing that could help you make sense of life is to have that one song or album? You know, the one that perfectly represents exactly what you’re feeling?
Chances are you will be in desperate need of some great music to shed a little light on your situations. Here are my five album choices which I believe represent common situations that students may experience while here at WSU.
1. “Paracosm” by Washed Out
This album may dip into the hipster realm a bit, but it is definitely worth checking out. It’s absolutely perfect for those situations when you’ve been studying for that big test, stressing over a speech you have to present or dealing with first week of a new semester. Whatever the stressful situation is, this alternative album will be sure to relieve some tension from your mind. The song “It All Feels Right” is especially soothing and my personal favorite.
2. “Body Talk” by Robyn
Throughout their college experience, many students will be involved in relationships. But what happens when those relationships don’t go as planned? The break-up blues can really put a damper on the semester.
“Body Talk” is a dance album that will get you away from crying and eating a whole tub of ice cream, to busting out some sweet dance moves. The fourth song on the album, “Indestructible,” is one of the most popular songs on the album and also one of the catchiest. I personally believe it will help you get over that person who broke your heart and literally get you moving on t0 greater things.
3. “Golden – EP” by Parade of Lights
Just because it’s an EP doesn’t mean it’s not great. Only one word comes to mind when I hear this EP: energy. Each of the four alternative songs are filled with energy and excitement. “Golden” will make you want to celebrate those moments you worked so hard for, whether it be a test you just aced or a sports game you just conquered. If I were to favor any song from this EP, it would have to be the song “Golden.” It’s catchy tune and the lyrics make me want to dance and celebrate.
4. “The Cure: Greatest Hits” by The Cure
Many students may end up finding love during college. If you’re one of these lucky people, you’ll need an album that amplifies your love even more. I can think of no better alternative album to fill you up with love than this one. “The Cure” has been around for quite some time, and they have released some of the best love songs. It’s really hard to choose just one song from the album. So I narrowed it down to “Just Like Heaven” and “Lovesong”, both are exceptionally good and will make you want to push that replay button.
5. “A Town Called Paradise” by Tiesto
The weekend means a break from being in class, so naturally you’re going to want to dance. “Tiesto” is always bringing the best dance jams and this album is full of them. It’s all about cutting loose and living in the moment. We all know how important school work is, but let’s face it, sometimes we need to take a break from our studies to just have some fun.
The best song on the album would have to be “Red Lights.” It offers a refreshing melody and moving beats. If this album can’t make you dance, I’m not sure what will.
All five of these albums are quite different and offer something special within each one. They offer expression and a safe place for those emotions and feelings that we feel during our time in college.Are you man enough?
Article By: Bryony WhiteheadThu, 02 Feb 2012 9:56 AM
Women have pioneered the success of the contraceptive pill at some cost to their own health, so it's high time that men stepped up for a little contraceptive research. But the question posed by an article in the Daily Mail this week asked "Are you man enough to have the contraceptive jab?". Well, are you?
Researchers are on their way to discovering safe birth control for men, aside from the condom of course.
Here are a few versions of the male contraceptives that could be on their way to a pharmacy near you within the next decade:
The monthly injection
This injection will use testosterone to control sperm production. According to the Daily Mail, it will be injected into your buttocks and will last for a month. Trials in China have been quite successful with only one in 100 men impregnating a woman. The only problem is that side effects include a lower sex drive and mood swings.
A blast of ultrasound
One blast of ultrasound to the testicles could stop sperm production for as long as six months. Research into this method by scientists at the University of North Carolina could offer a low-cost and effective birth control method, says Dr James Tsuruta who is leading the research. The question remains whether or not this method has a more permanent effect, but a report by the BBC says that the scientists continue to refine their research to ensure maximum safety and efficacy.
The "dry" orgasm
While it's described as "dry", this method will only prevent sperm from travelling from the testes to the prostate. In other words, orgasm will still have fluid, but without any of your little swimmers coming to the party.
The drugs would be a pill you'd take two to three hours before you anticipate having sex, will last for about 24 hours and will affect how the muscles in your penis work. The idea is inspired by the side-effects caused by two different drugs. The first drug called phenoxybenzamine was used to treat high blood pressure while the other is a discontinued schizophrenia drug. Both of these rendered men infertile because they have an effect on the autonomic nervous system — that part of your brain that controls your unconscious muscle movements.
Research done by Dr Nnaemeka Amobi and Dr Christopher Smith at King’s College, London found that muscle contractions in the penis — particularly those around the vasa deferentia, which transport the sperm up to the prostate — did not work as they should when men took the drug. Instead, the result of exposure to either of the drugs meant that muscles would clamp down on the vasa deferentia, thus preventing sperm from travelling up toward the prostate. The only catch is that side-effects don’t stop at infertility, meaning there's still much research to be done before the male pill is introduced into the market. And the larger question at hand: would men actually remember to take it?
The ultimate: snip-snip
Well, we all know that this would be 100 percent effective, but the vasectomy is a tad too final for many men's liking. And understandably so. What if you want more children?
Just so you know, the procedure is a quick one that can be done in the outpatient section of a hospital. And yes, you do get a local anesthetic to numb the area.
The procedure itself involves having the tubes that transport sperm from the testicles to the prostate, cut. The doctor will cut these tubes called vas deferentia and seal it by cauterisation or by clamping it. Sperm continues to be produced in the testes but this is broken down and absorbed by the body. Best you be very sure that you want to go through with this, because vasectomy reversal is a costly procedure.
It's getting hot in here
If you're a bit of a hippy then this method might be for you, especially if you've tried every other contraceptive for her and none are successful. One man who practices the testicular heating process explains how he and his wife had tried all kinds of contraceptives with little success. He got down to researching and found that daily testicular heating was one way he could get his sperm count down. This is because prolonged exposure to a higher temperature actually kills sperm. And since your testicles are usually cooler than the rest of your body, the method of heating them up by one or two degrees is not difficult.
There are two ways of doing this. First, you can wear suspensory briefs which hold your testicles closer to the body, thus warming them and slowly reducing your sperm count without any adverse side-effects. The second method is exposing your testicles to an external heat source such as a sitz bath consistently for about 30 minutes a session. Depending on the method, this treatment could continue for three weeks daily a few times a year.
Some think that this method is ideal and that it has little or no lasting effect once the treatment is stopped, while others are concerned that more permanent damage is done. Either way, it's natural, and aside from using a condom, it's the only other way that you could take control of contraception as a man at the moment.
The question is, would you be brave enough to try any of these methods if they were to reach human trials?
Please Note
By commenting on this article, you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the iafrica.com comments system.AMERICAN HARDCORE
INTERVIEW WITH STEVEN BLUSH
INTERVIEW BY STEVE OLSON
PHOTOS COURTESY OF SONY PICTURES CLASSICS
American Hardcore – Core to the beliefs of the soldiers that made up a scene for themselves, for others to agree with and join, or not… A movement important as any other, what is important to one person, may not be to the next, and life goes on. With, or without the scene, the people in it, and the reasons that it started in the first place. Let it be known, hardcore belongs to the people that lived it, and loved it, and didn’t really care what the rest of the people thought. But if I see, or should I say hear, one of the songs on a TV ad, well, let’s just hope one gets the right amount of money for the usage of that song.“ESSENTIALLY, IT CAME DOWN TO THE FACT THAT I REALIZED HOW MUCH THIS SMALL PERIOD OF MY LIFE HAD AN IMPACT ON ME. IT INFLUENCED THE WAY THAT I ACTED. IT WAS THIS MINDSET THAT I PICKED UP FROM THE HARDCORE PUNK ROCK SCENE.”
Hey, Steve.
Hey, Steve. How are you?
I’m good. How are you?
I don’t know if you remember me, but when you were in the Joneses, I was friends with Mitch Dean. I booked you once in D.C., and you actually crashed one time at my house.
Oh, right. You’re friends with Mitch Dean?
I’m a fan of yours.
No, you’re not a fan. A fan is something that blows air over someone that’s hot.
[Laughs.] Exactly. How have you been?
Excellent. How have you been? Where are you?
I’m in Miami right now, but I live in New York.
What part of New York?
East Village.
By the Gap?
Yeah.
That’s a joke. So American Hardcore, what brought you to want to do a book about that?
Essentially, it came down to the fact that I realized how much this small period of my life had an impact on me. It influenced the way that I acted. It was this mindset that I picked up from the hardcore punk rock scene. I realized that a decade later, I didn’t look hardcore or listen to hardcore, but everything that I did was from that mindset. I felt like everyone had the history wrong, so I did my best to try and tell it. The history had really never been told. It was like the game of telephone. Everyone just told stories over and over again. No one had actually really gone for it. The final thing that made me write the book was on TV they had this History of Rock n Roll series.
I saw that.
It’s very good. They did Elvis, The Beatles, Sex Pistols, Clash, X and then they go straight to Nirvana, as if hardcore never happened. I don’t know if it was on purpose or if they just didn’t know, but that’s when I started digging.
It seems like everyone has an opinion.
Yeah, and it’s next to impossible to write a history like this because everyone thinks they know the story.
So why do you think that your opinion is the right one? I’m not attacking. I’m asking.
Well, I tried to talk to everybody. Sometimes I had to get the story from three or four people and every one of them had a radically different version of the story. I had to do my best to figure it out for myself. It’s an imperfect science. For a lot of these people, it’s been 20 years since this stuff happened. With all the bad memories and the drugs, or the way they want to remember things, sometimes the stories get distorted a little bit over time. It was very difficult because there were wildly different views of the same issues.
What are the issues that hardcore was addressing in your opinion?
It was like the umbrella group for various degrees of alienation. You either got into it for political reasons or because you were having problems at school or at home. A lot of them were rich kids just trying to figure it all out. Everyone came to the scene with their own different view of what it meant to them. Ultimately, it was the music. The music was like nothing we’d ever seen before. We know how the rock business was before us. Everyone was a genius and a guitar god. Only very select people could play rock. With punk, when we first saw the Sex Pistols, that broke down the barriers, but we weren’t English and we weren’t on the dole. We were just kids. We created this whole movement with hardcore. Everybody contributed. I think what made hardcore different than anything else that came before it was the total emphasis on DIY. The idea that you could get in a van and travel around the country on a 7 inch record, playing shit holes, was a culture unto itself. I describe it like Lord of the Flies. The kids in that book had to create their own society. And at the beginning, it’s awesome, then it all goes to hell. And that’s how hardcore was.
It seems like the Buzzcocks were DIY long before hardcore came along. Don’t you think that MC5 was as hardcore as you could get?
Yeah. Well, I don’t think that we reinvented the wheel. I think there were a lot of things that set it in motion, like garage rock and the MC5 and the Stooges.
I’m not talking about the Stooges. I’m talking about the political movement of MC5. He was going completely radical long before hardcore came along.
Well, it wasn’t the first time it had happened. I think we just embraced all of these things. You mentioned the Buzzcocks. What was amazing about the original punk scene and DIY was that it opened us up to all of the possibilities. Everything they talked about was DIY. But, in retrospect, how DIY were they? They were on major labels. They had big managers and booking agents.
No, I’m talking about if you start out a scene, and you record your own record, and put it out yourself, that laid the basis for DIY. It showed that you could do it yourself if you chose to and then you could get swallowed up by the monsters.
Fair enough.
No, I’m just asking. What comes to my mind is a guy like Henry Rollins. He started off DIY and ended up on a major label.
Well, this was a place and time. It was like a time capsule. It was the early 80s, and after it ended for various reasons, later you could see who was true to it. It takes years to figure out who stayed true and who did not. For every Henry Rollins, there’s his buddy, Ian MacKaye.
I’m not against any of these people. It seems like Ian continues to do what’s true to him and the scene, and other people went a different way.
You’re absolutely right about that. It takes time to see who really stuck with it. In other words, time tells who really stood by their word. A lot of these guys did not stand by their word. You’re right about that.
Do you still stand by your beliefs?
I made a film without taking a penny from anybody. I wrote a book without taking an advance. Those are the things that I learned from the ethic of DIY. When I was coming up, I was just a regular kid that went to high school and college. That’s why I was in Washington DC at the time. I was on track to probably be a lawyer. I just learned from the hardcore world that there was a new way of thinking. It opened my eyes. Some people say that I totally blew it by not taking the path that was laid out for me, but this is what I had to do. This is what I learned from Minor Threat, the Bad Brains and Black Flag. The idea that you could go up after a show and talk to these guys was amazing. They would teach you about politics, and talk to you about how to tour. You could talk to Chuck Dukowski and get a list of phone numbers of promoters to try and book shows. There was uniqueness to that whole era. It’s taken for granted. We have a lot of alternative and indie bands today, but I wonder how many of them actually stand for something. I was talking to Ian MacKaye not too long ago and he was telling me that with his new band, he goes around and plays tons of all ages venues. His point was that now the venues are there, but nobody plays them. Before, we didn’t have the venues, but we had the ethic. Now there are places that do all ages shows, but most bands are more interested in playing the bigger clubs and making the money.
Who published the book?
Feral House in Los Angeles is the publisher. They’re a cutting edge subculture publisher. I didn’t take an advance, and I did it all on my own. The book came out five years ago, and still continues to sell. Sure, I did a good job on the book, but it’s really a testament to the legacy of this music. So many things get commercialized and sold out and tacky things happen to them, but because hardcore music was so underground, that never really happened to it. It had an appeal. I think kids today respect this music a lot because it did something that nobody else in their generation would every dare to do.
Who were the forerunners of hardcore in your opinion?
I think it was the heavy punk bands.
For example?
I would say Sham 69 was a big one. I would say that kind of music – oi music – was the spark for that kind of music, the kind of politics and the look and the aggressive behavior that was accepted. For the book, I interviewed Jon Savage who wrote the book “England’s Dreaming”. He was one of the few punk rock writers. His whole vibe was that Sham 69 and the UK Subs was all crap. He didn’t think the music stood for anything and it wasn’t artistic. I disagreed with that, because we loved it. We thought those bands kicked ass.
To me, “Borstal Breakout” is one of the best rock n roll songs ever. You have to put it into a different category like hardcore, but it’s basic rock n roll, just sped up.
Well, I was talking to the Bad Brains, and they said, “We weren’t hardcore.” I’m sure they weren’t. Hardcore is a term that came around later. In the 80s, they started calling it hardcore punk. Then it just became hardcore. It was not a different movement. It’s like you were saying, there were people doing it before with punk. Hardcore was an extreme sect of punk rock. In the late 70s, all the early punk bands were dying off and there was the rise of new wave music. I think a lot of kids in America were looking for more punk and not finding it. That’s what led to the creation of a lot of these bands, too.
Who were your favorite hardcore bands?
I think the essential hardcore bands were Minor Threat, Black Flag and the Bad Brains. When I say black Flag, I really mean the California version of Black Flag. I saw the Dez Cadena line-up play in D.C., and that was a life-changing event for me. I had never seen a band like that. I’d never seen a crowd like that either. I’d never been able to communicate with a band like that afterwards. That’s how I got into booking shows. I met the Dead Kennedys, Black Flag, the Circle Jerks, and the next thing you know, I was booking their shows. What was so special was that it seemed so elusive. You had to be an expert. What I learned from the scene was that I could do it. Like so many of the kids by the mid 80s, I had grown my hair and I was listening to new music. I had totally moved on from the whole scene. Looking back later, I realized how important it was to my whole life. I think a lot of people feel that way.
How big was the hardcore scene?
It was relatively small. In LA, it was a beast unto itself. I remember meeting Gary Tovar back then and seeing what he did with his shows. It was nothing like we had the East Coast. On the East Coast, if you did 300-500 kids at a show, that was huge. Most shows were 75 people, and in some towns, it was even smaller. And I’m talking about Washington, D.C., Boston and New York City, which were the hubs of the East Coast scene. The whole movement comes out of Southern California, though, from kids that were influenced by skaters like you, people who were influenced by Black Flag, and before that, The Germs. That’s the roots of this. The HBs, TSOL, all of that stuff is the roots of it. That’s where the look came from, that’s where the attitude came from. That’s where the stage diving and slam dancing came from. Those are all byproducts of southern California. That’s what my book largely pays tribute to, and I still feel that way, 25 years later.
Right.
It was Dogtown. It was gnarly skaters. It was this new type of rock culture.
Maybe it was just an attitude that was proceeding out of a den of fools. So now what are you doing?
It took me five years to write the book. It came out five years ago. When I finished the book, I ran into my friend Paul Rachman. I knew him because he made the Bad Brains “I Against I” video and the Gang Green “Alcohol” video.
He did punk rock.
Yeah. Then he went to Hollywood and made really famous rock videos like Alice in Chains “Man in the Box” and Pantera’s “Psycho Holiday”. He made some classic rock videos. He was burnt on Hollywood. He’d just made a film and he’d had a horrible Hollywood experience and wanted to get back to his roots, so he approached me on doing this film. We worked our ass off for five years. We never took a penny from anybody. Then we submitted it to Sundance.
You got into Sundance?
Yeah, we played in January at Sundance. Then our film got picked up by Sony Pictures Classics.
Isn’t Sony a huge corporation?
Yeah, and we certainly understand the irony of that.
I’m just asking.
They did the DogTown movie, so we felt they were the best company to go with.
What about the DIY thing and doing your own screenings and booking it?
Don’t think that we didn’t consider that, but we didn’t think we could do as good a job of getting the word out. Sony Pictures Classics didn’t have one iota of input into the final product of the film. In fact, I have to give it to them, because there were a few times in the negotiations where I said, “Do you want us to change anything?” and they said, “No. Keep it exactly like it is. People like it that way.” It is very interesting, dealing with the two very distinct mindsets of the DIY and the highly competitive corporate environment that we’ve put the film in. Sony Pictures Classics are purely acting as a distributor, and there is no company that’s better at getting a film like this into theaters around the country.
But you know how to book a show. You put on hardcore shows, right?
Yeah. We could have done it on our own.
That would have been so much cooler.
We certainly understand all sides of the situation, but I don’t think we could have done it. I don’t know any movie theaters to call up.
But it would have been cool to book a hall, and rent your own screen and set up a projector.
You could be right. Don’t think that we didn’t think about it. When our negotiations weren’t going well, we threatened to do that.
Ultimately, you did go with the corporation.
We went with who could sell it to the people so they can see it. The one thing that I’m troubled by sometimes with my past in music is that no one really ever heard it. I have this gigantic record collection, and no one even knows half of these bands. Nobody knows the music, so my feeling is, let me, for once, do something where people can see what I do. I published an independent magazine for 15 years. Most people have never heard of it.
But what about when you see Matt Pinfield on VH1? How does that make you feel?
I don’t know. I’ve known Matt Pinfield since I was 14 years old.
How does that make you feel when you see Matt on VH1?
I’m proud of him, but I wouldn’t watch it.
You’re proud? I’m just curious. I know how I feel?
There’s a saying. “He who is not a rebel at 20 years old has no heart, and he who is still a rebel at 40 has no head.”
Oh, my God. Who said that?
That’s a Japanese-ism. All I can tell you about this film is that if you don’t feel like it’s 100 percent indie style and true to the cause, then we didn’t do our job.
No, no, no. You’ve done your job of making the film. That’s a big accomplishment. I was just hoping to see you say, “Fuck these corporations.” You have an opportunity to say to them, “We don’t need you. We never needed you and this is why. We’re smart, if not smarter and we can do it on our own, with the power of the internet and marketing in that world and getting the word out and using that technology to it’s best. That’s what I think.
You could be right. We could have made it smaller.
No. You made your decision, and that’s the right decision. I’m just saying with all the punk rock and the hardcore, that it would have been sick to tell those people to eat shit and roll on and do it yourself. Don’t let the tie choke you death.
Well, the only thing I have to say about that is that no one ever patted me on the back and said, “Thanks for keeping it indie.” I’ve done it DIY my whole life. Nobody could say that I ever took the bait. I never even had a job my whole life. Know what I’m saying?
I know exactly what you’re saying. How do your parents feel about that?
Well, I think this is the first time that they understand what I do, because they can tie it into something on a commercial level that they would understand. In a weird way, it’s the first time in 20 years that they’ve truly been proud of me.
How excited were you to see when your book came out? Didn’t that feel like a major accomplishment?
It did. It absolutely did.
You should be like, “I did it and this is how it is and fuck the rest of you.”
Well, it wasn’t easy to talk to the DIY bands from the scene. I wanted to be very honest with them about what we had decided to do with the film.
And how did they feel?
Well, everybody went along with it. Everybody understood our point when we said it.
You gave them enough money to go get another tattoo?
Exactly.
I’m just kidding.
[Laughs.]
What kind of response do you get to the film when you talk to the normies?
They’re blown away that music like this ever existed. If it weren’t coming from the mouths of Ian MacKaye and Greg Ginn and these guys, they would have thought we made it up. It’s impossible to think that there was music like this when you look at the music scene of today. It’s a mix between “American Idol” and the Ozzfest. It’s not very inspiring, if you ask me. What we wanted to do was make it so that the most people could see it and affect change. Maybe we can change music a little bit by tons of people seeing the film. That was the main reason for our decision. We were like, do we want to play it for people here and there, or do we want tons of people to see our art. It was a tough call, Steve. It really was.
I understand.
It was a tough negotiation. They’d never seen anyone like us. We weren’t just going to sign the deal. It was a tough thing. We had to make some choices that I could have swore that I would have never done before. If Sony Pictures had changed the film around for public consumption, all of that would be correct. We were able to just work with them as a distributor to get it all around the world for people to see. I can sleep at night with that one.
What was the uniform for hardcore?
It started with electrician boots, spurs, and bandanas around the waist, jeans, black jeans, and t-shirts. They had very short hair or mildly spiked. Today everyone wears band t-shirts, and then there wasn’t a lot of that going on. There wasn’t a big company doing merchandise for bands back then. There weren’t any marketing ties to it. It was a very stripped down look. It was punk, but like for me, I was never going to have a Mohawk or a safety pin in my cheek. That’s why I think these bands all came from Southern California.
Everybody bleeds.
Right on.
Are we really any different except for musical tastes?
Well, I think, back then, it wasn’t an issue. I was in D.C. at the height of the hardcore scene at George Washington University. I don’t think there were even three kids at that school out of 25,000 that were into hardcore music.
What year was that?
I was there 1980-1984. You would think, “Oh, this is a city. This is the college.” But it wasn’t like that.
Do you think the college kids were more prone to new wave?
Yeah, and also they were stuck in the 70s. There were guys with beards that would play folksy guitar. They were all into Jackson Browne. Or if they were semi-hipsters, they were new wave. They wouldn’t go all the way. That’s the problem I think we have today. Everybody is hip. When everybody is hip, nobody’s hip.
Do you think any of the political views were changed by hardcore?
No, I don’t. One of the things about the film is that it’s very political and it’s kind of subversive. It’s all about the political tinge. You see punks and hardcore today, and it has no agenda. When we saw Dead Kennedys, that was scary. Black Flag didn’t sing about politics per se, but it was political in its approach. There was something scary and subversive about these bands and I don’t see that at all today. If anyone can learn anything from the film or the book, is that you can make a difference with music. It sounds tacky and corny, but it’s the truth.
What was the difference that hardcore made?
I would say that the politics that were so important to the times did not shine through. We ended up with the slam dancing, the stage diving and the shaved heads, the coarse vocals. It ended up being a musical change, and it never got much credit for that. After us, when Minor Threat started with straight edge, and no matter what you think about that, it’s still an important mindset in rock today. The one thing that very much bothers me about music today is that I’ve been spending a lot time on myspace.com. I’ve been promoting our film. And I see all of these Christian hardcore bands. The Christians have infiltrated all of this stuff. Back then, we were considered like Satan for liking this kind of music. Now they’re using that type of music to promote their cause. It makes you think of how evil they are. Back then, we thought they were evil and maybe they are. The idea that church uses hardcore music to get kids the message of Christ is scary. There are hundreds and hundreds of bands like this. Somebody has to scream out and say, stop this already.
But they have a built in marketing.
They have their own all-ages shows. They push straight edge because it’s no drugs. It’s so evil. They’ve manipulated this thing to their side again.
Do you believe in God?
Uh, I do believe in God. But I learned from punk rock and the scene, that the institutions are evil. When I see hardcore bands being sponsored by churches, now I know that the guys that were leading the hardcore scene were correct with all of their anti-religious lyrics. I think we were all very alienated. We had been taught about God and America and freedom, and we grew up on the fringe of the Reagan years, learning that wasn’t really the case. Then Reagan was the total rallying point. Even if you weren’t very political, you hated Reagan. I think that was a big part of it. It’s like, “Where did Ronald Reagan come from but Orange County.” He represented church and state, and we did not want that.
Was Ronald Reagan from Orange County?
Yeah, someone did a song called “Reagan Country.”
Are you sure about that?
Well, during his governing years, he was in California. He comes from Illinois or some place like that. His powerbase was in Orange County. Then you had kids completely rebelling about that. I remember when I was 12 years old; I spent the summer with some cousins in Fountain Valley. This was in 1974. You couldn’t believe these endless miles of perfect suburbs. No wonder kids became monsters. They reacted against that. Everyone moved there to stay away from problems and trouble. But it created a new breed of monster.
I come from Orange County.
I’m sure your parents moved there because it was perfect. For whatever reasons, they loved it. They thought it was great for the kids. You could live this great life and be perfect, and it didn’t happen. That was the glory of this music, too. I used to be in New York all the time and I hung out with a lot of really hip people in the late 70s. They were all artists and they all knew Andy Warhol or they were into David Bowie. They went to art school. I was just some kid from the suburbs. And as much as I loved that music, it didn’t speak to me. It wasn’t like seeing the Clash’s first American show. Seeing Black Flag, Bad Brains and Minor Threat really changed me. This was our music. It was something we could relate to. I didn’t know Joe Strummer. I didn’t know who the Red Brigade was, which was the political stuff they were talking about. I respected it all, and I owned every one of the Clash records, but I don’t think it was until these American bands of the 80s, that my soul woke up and I realized I had my version of punk. Hardcore was the most extreme version of punk. That’s why they called it hardcore punk.
It was the hardest core of punk?
It was hardcore punk. It was back to what we thought punk was supposed to be. It was down to the core. By 1980, the Pistols were long gone. The Clash was a very different band. It had all kind of passed. It was over. I’m sure when you came on the scene, someone said, “That’s already been done.” I’m sure when you were with the Joneses, someone said, “Johnny Thunders already did that.” When half of these bands came out, it was like, “you missed out on the whole early punk scene.” Here was this new version of it for us.
Yeah, but it seems to me from where I came from that all of the jocks that were calling us freaks now had short hair, leather jackets, electrical boots and jeans. That’s not what it was about.
It became a new form of conformity. That’s why everyone burned out on it. Some people say it all happened in 82 or 84. I wrote my book 80-86. By 86, it was over with, but some of the bands were still there. The reason I let it go to 86, was that Black Flag broke up in 86. Dead Kennedys broke up in 86. Minor Threat was Fugazi by 86. Husker Du signed to Warner Bros. That’s where it was totally over.
Maybe Husker Du was thinking they could get their music out to more people. They wanted a major company to get their art seen.
Absolutely. At the same time, that’s when the indie scene started to fracture. That was the first major crack in the wall. You could say that Black Flag was over when Henry Rollins joined.
How about, it was over when Keith Morris quit?
There you go. It’s a matter of how you see it. By 86, it was the rise of alternative. That was the beginning of Nirvana, and Sub Pop Records.
FOR THE REST OF THE STORY, ORDER ISSUE #61 BY CLICKING HERE…ACTFL Oral Proficiency Interview
Open enrollment-register any time
Chinese I (Mandarin)
6 Mon., Sep.14-Oct. 19
Chinese II (Mandarin)
6 Mon., Nov. 9-Dec. 14
ESIP - Conversation and Vocabulary Skills
6 Wed., Nov. 4-Dec. 16 (no class on Nov. 25)
ESIP - Grammar and Writing
6 Mon., July 13-August 17
ESIP - Presentations and Public Speaking
6 Wed., Sept. 9-Oct. 14
ESIP - Pronunciation Skills
6 Tue., July 14-Aug. 18
6 Mon., Sept. 14-Oct.19
French I
6 Tue., Sept. 8-Oct. 13
Open enrollment-register any time
French II
6 Tue., Nov. 3-Dec. 8
French III
French IV
French V
French for Travelers
4 Thu., Oct. 29-Nov. 19
German I
6 Tue., July 14-Aug. 18
German II
6 Wed., July 15-Aug. 19
6 Tue., Sept. 8-Oct. 13
German for Travelers
4 Tue., Nov. 3-24
Imagina I
6 Wed., Sept. 23-Oct. 28
Open Enrollment-Register at any time
Imagina II
6 Wed., Nov. 4-Dec. 16 (no class on Nov. 25)
Imagina III
Imagina IV
Italian I
Italian II
Italian III
Italian IV
Italian V
Japanese II
6 Mon., July 20-Aug. 24
Japanese III
6 Mon., Sept. 14-Oct.19
Japanese IV
6 Wed., July 22-Aug. 26
Japanese V
6 Tue., May 26-July 14 (no class on June 2 and July 7)
6 Wed., Sept. 9-Oct. 14
Japanese VI
6 Tue., July 21-Aug. 25
Korean Conversation I
Korean Conversation II
Korean Conversation III
Korean I
6 Mon., July, 13-Aug. 17
Korean IV
6 Mon., July 13-Aug. 17
Korean V
6 Mon., Sept. 14-Oct. 19
Korean VI
Polish I
6 Mon., July 13-Aug. 17
Polish II
6 Mon., Sept. 14-Oct. 19
Polish for Travelers
4 Mon., Nov. 9-30
Portuguese II
6 Wed., July 15-Aug. 19
Russian I
6 Wed., Sept. 16-Oct. 21
Russian II
Spanish Conversation I
Spanish Conversation II
Spanish Conversation III
Spanish I
6 Tue., Sept. 22-Oct. 27
Spanish II
Open Enrollment-register any time
Spanish III
6 Mon., Nov. 9-Dec. 14
Spanish IV
Spanish V
6 Tue. July 7-Aug. 18 (no class on July 28)
Spanish VI
Frequently Asked Questions
Download the PDFYour best bet is to always avoid it, but sometimes you have a call that you have to take while you're driving. So how can pick up the phone without breaking the law and putting yourself and others in danger?
We spoke with some folks in Harrison county today and got some hands-on tips for staying hands free when talking on the phone.
To stay within the rules of the road, you need to keep your hands on the wheel and off the keyboard, but if you really need to take that call investing in a hands free device is the best way to keep you safe.
"If a call comes in, I just accept it verbally so it doesn't distract me as much as it would some other way," said Harrison County resident M.L. Quinn.
Many people we spoke with today are using Bluetooth headphones. Some cell phone providers will include Bluetooth headsets when you purchase your new phone, but if you don't already have them you can go into your local service store. That, however, can get pricey.
Folks we spoke to today said they like the hands free devices better because it keeps them safer on the road.
"It's a lot better then having to look down at my phone, look back up at the street, look back down at my phone. It's just a lot faster and easier," Harrison County resident Kevan Matheny told 5 News.
Another great option is syncing your cell phone's audio with your car's sound system. This can be done if you have a car radio that is Bluetooth compatible.
"If I'm using my phone I can keep my eyes on the road and I can just tell my phone to call somebody," Matheny added.
In the end though, the safest way to keep yourself from becoming distracted and to stay within the law is to stay off your cell phone. If you have any questions about Bluetooth compatibility, visit your local cell phone service store or your local dealership.WASHINGTON -.
She said Dec. 1 is not a relaunch and "does not represent a magical date," but the site is expected to work smoothly for "the majority of users."
But after such a rocky launch of the federal health insurance exchange site, what will it take for the White House to declare success?
On Wednesday, the administration announced a one-year delay in online enrollment in plans for small business owners. Republican leaders, including House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, R-Va., and Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, promptly issued statements saying the delay showed the whole Affordable Care Act should be scrapped.
But Stan Dorn, a senior fellow at the Urban Institute, said much of the political pressure is unfair. It's a joint federal-state cooperative, and it takes a lot of work, he said.
"You don't just snap your fingers and make it happen," he said. He cited the Children's Health Insurance Program, saying it took six years to ramp up, but 90% of those eligible for coverage are now enrolled.
"It would be great if the political decision-makers could take a deep breath and say, 'We need to be patient,' " he said. "That doesn't mean there's something wrong with the policy; we're just living in the real world."
To be a success, consumers need to feel like they had a good experience enrolling, he said. And for the enrollment process to be a success politically, everyone needs to know that people are no longer encountering major problems at the website.
"Marketing is going to be important," Dorn said. "But on the other hand, negative publicity is publicity."
Recent polls have found that many more people are now familiar with the health exchanges because of the problems the website has had.
Even with the front-end, consumer element of the website working smoothly, Dorn said there are concerns about the back-end code. During testimony to the House last week, Henry Chao, chief information officer for CMS, said 30% to 40% of the "back-office systems" still needed to be completed. That entails accounting and payment systems, he said.
Bataille told reporters that portion of the site should be complete by mid-January. Dorn said delaying the back-end development of insurer-related code was a decision the administration made so they could focus on consumers.
"From my perspective, that's a sensible way to prioritize because people need to be able to sign up for coverage sooner than the insurers need to get the paperwork," he said. "If the insurers get their paperwork a little bit later than planned, that's not the end of the world."
But David Howard, associate professor of health policy at Emory's School of Public Health, said he's concerned that people will find that they haven't actually been enrolled, even though the consumer portion seems to be working well.
"If it were all a matter of the consumer website working, the Obama administration would already be proclaiming victory," he said.
Instead, he said insurers are still getting bad data and much of the paperwork is being done by hand at the back-end - or where the government makes sure the insurer is getting paid.
"If enrollment picks up, that will be impossible," he said. "We'll know if it's actually working when people show up at their doctor's office in January and find out they're actually insured."
Assuming all goes well, Dorn said as few as 2 million enrollees - rather than the Congressional Budget Office projection of 7 million - could be enough to make the federal exchange work. Hundreds of thousands have already enrolled because of Medicaid expansion in the states that chose to do so.
"Everyone's been trumpeting this 7 million target," he said. "I think they can fall well short of it and still be on their way to a very successful program."
He pointed to the law's early successes: lower costs on prescriptions for seniors stuck in the "doughnut hole"; people younger than 26 allowed to stay on their parents' insurance; changes in payment systems for insurers and providers; a cut in rehospitalizations; and no out-of-pocket costs for preventive health exams, like mammograms or annual physicals.
Dan Mendelson, CEO of Avalere Health, said he believes the enrollment process should be evaluated next year - after enrollment, after the uninsured have gained coverage, and after hospitals, insurers and businesses see how the law affects their companies. As an example, he said it took 18 years before all of the states had a Medicaid program.
He agreed that a couple of million people enrolled, rather than 7 million, would be enough to claim "minimum success."
And, he said, politicians are starting to see early success in the states that created their own exchanges.
On Tuesday, New York's enrollment numbers showed 76,177 have enrolled in a health plan, up from 48,162 on Nov. 12. And 257,414 people have completed their exchange applications, up from 197,011.
The same day, California said enrollment applications grew from 334,027 as of Nov. 16 to 385,556 as of Nov. 23.
"I think anyone looking at this from a historical perspective understands that it takes a long time," Mendelson said. "That doesn't mean there won't be a political slant in 2014."
Read the original story: Health care site improving, but still much to be doneI THINK IT'S FAIR to say that I would call myself a big fan of all things Apple. That was before the events of the past week or so.
I've always had Apple products for as long as they've been around. MacBook, iPod, iPad, and of course the various versions of the iPhone.
Further reading
Several partners from the past have been exactly the opposite and slated everything about them, without of course having even tried one for themselves.
My life - personal and work - is on my Apple ID, and I felt the full effect of being without it recently.
My worst nightmare happened; my iPhone broke down completely, and despite Apple's best efforts in store and many calls to support I was without a phone for the best part of 72 hours.
For most of this time also I was on the road and with a computer.
It's fair to say I actually enjoyed the time without having my phone strapped to my hand, but I didn't enjoy the long list of voicemails I had to go through when I did finally get back up and running with a replacement phone.
When did we become so reliant on mobile working, and why now does everyone expect a reply within minutes?
It was a strange feeling on my first road trip without a mobile phone though. I only lasted an hour before pulling into the next services and buying a pay-as-you-go phone. It's not that I can't do without, but I just didn't feel safe being on the road without one. I don't miss the old pay-as-you-go days though; one call into the office cost me £12.45!
I'm back now with all my Apple devices synced and I'm feeling safe sat in the office at the beck and call of the world ready for the pre-Xmas tax return rush.
Thank you Apple.
The Practitioner's uncensored thoughts come from within their own practice - having left a regional firm in the heart of EngThe!
“I am so excited to announce my upcoming US tour dates!!! I cannot wait to see you guys!” she tweeted to her nearly 7 million followers April 26.
Joining Demi for the ride will be the guys of Hot Chelle Rae, whose breakout hit “Tonight, Tonight” heated up the charts last summer.
Demi’s US tour kicks off mid-June and runs through September.
June 12: Del Mar Fairgrounds – Del Mar, CA
June 22: PNC Bank Arts Center – Holmdel, NJ
June 23: Star Pavilion, Hersheypark – Hershey, PA
June 24: Filene Center, Wolf Trap: Vienna, VA
June 26: Saratoga Performing Arts Center – Saratoga Springs, NY
June 30: Mohegan Sun Arena – Uncasville, CT
July 1: Constellation Brands Marvin Sands Performing Arts Center – Canandaigua, NY
July 3: Molson Canadian Amphitheatre – Toronto, ON
July 5: Bank of America Pavilion – Boston, MA
July 6: Susquehanna Bank Center – Camden, NJ
July 12: EnergySolutions Arena – Salt Lake City, UT
July 13: Comerica Theatre – Phoenix, AZ
July 14: Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino – Las Vegas, NV
July 15: Rabobank Arena Theater & Convention Center – Bakersfield, CA
July 17: Events Center – San Jose, CA
July 18: The Greek Theatre – Los Angeles, CA
July 29: St. Augustine Amphitheatre – Saint Augustine, FL
Aug. 4: Ravinia Pavilion – Highland Park, IL
Aug. 11: Illinois State Fair Grandstand – Springfield, IL
Aug. 27: Champlain Valley Exposition – Essex Junction, VT
Aug. 30: Evergreen State Fair – Monroe, WA
Sept. 1: Oregon State Fair Indoor Pavilion – Salem, OR
Will YOU see Demi in concert, HollywoodLifers?
— Josh Rosenblatt
More Demi Lovato News
- Demi Lovato Surprises Her Fans With Pizza — She Loves Them
- Demi Lovato: I Proved My Haters Right By Going To Rehab
- Demi Lovato Reveals Why She Tried Cocaine: I Was Depressed’Another game, and another missed opportunity for the Washington Redskins. Now at 3-6, the team must pull off another magical 7-0 run to save their season and reach the playoffs. But what are the chances of that happening? They don’t appear great.
And because of that, the questions about Mike Shanahan‘s future have started to increase. In this week’s mailbag, we tackle that issue as well as a number of others.
Thanks again for contributing.
Here we go:
I am hearing a lot of people talking about a coaching change next season. Given the disaster the special teams have been, the fact that the defense has been terrible for years and the recent second-half collapses of the offense, I think Snyder needs to clean house, do you agree?
— Kerry Triplett
I’m not ready to close the book on Mike Shanahan just yet. I’ve got to see what happens down the home stretch. This is the fourth of a five-year contract that’s paying him roughly $7 million a year. No coach likes to work in a lame-duck situation, though, and so it’s believed that Shanahan would like an extension. Does Daniel Snyder believe his coach is worthy of one? At this point, I think he remains in wait-and-see mode.
Yes, Snyder is extremely disappointed by another 3-6 start, but this is still a two-time Super Bowl winning coach that we’re talking about. A guy with Shanahan’s resume is hard to come by. Now, does he still have it? It appeared so based on last season’s second-half turnaround. But now you have to wonder. Shanahan has done some good here in Washington. He inherited a joke of a franchise and with the help of Bruce Allen has instilled some stability and resemblance of a professional organization.
Depending on how the Redskins finish, Snyder could give Shanahan the benefit of a doubt because of two major factors. For one, quarterback Robert Griffin III did make it back onto the field following his knee reconstruction, but it’s clear that it took longer than anyone expected for him to work his way back into form. The offense still isn’t perfect, but since the bye, things have begun to click. The Redskins just need to find consistency now.
Defense is a big issue, and another major off-field factor has limited the Redskins in that area. That’s the salary-cap penalties, which definitely hurt. The Redskins haven’t been able to retool the defense as aggressively as they would have liked because of the $18 million they were docked in each of the past two offseasons. Players like Brandon Meriweather, Tanard Jackson, Madieu Williams and Cedric Griffin were not prime targets for this front office. They were bargain signings. They were the dress shirt and suit you got off the rack at Target because you needed one in a pinch and couldn’t afford to go to Jos. A. Bank. Snyder knows this. And it could cause him to approach this coaching situation with a little bit of leniency. The Redskins enter this offseason with just less than $90 million committed to salaries for 2014. (Editor’s note: See overthecap.com or spotrac.com for approximate salary breakdowns). That means the team will have a significant amount of cash to spend on free agents if the cap remains in the neighborhood of $120 million. Plus, the Redskins will have all but their first-round pick to further build through the draft.
Mike Shanahan basically needs a strong finish to earn an extension. I don’t think 7-0 is possible, but if he and the Redskins can finish 8-8 or 7-9, I think he and Snyder work out a deal and he comes back for the fifth season and has another season or two or three tacked on. Shanahan has to show that he has this team headed in the right direction and that last season’s 10-6 campaign wasn’t a fluke. Right now, he’s got 6-10, 5-11, 10-6 and 3-6 to show. Another 5-11 or 6-10 campaign don’t seem extension worthy, do they? Maybe if they’re 6-10 and lose two tough divisional games in overtime Snyder will feel like that’s close enough. But if they’re getting blown out down the stretch, look for another coach next season.
I know that the salary cap has hindered the Redskins in making sound personnel decisions over the past two years. Does 2014 open up for the Redskins to finally upgrade the personnel on the squad? I know they need major help on the offensive line, specifically linemen who can protect RGIII while he is in the pocket. I know that they need major help in the secondary and middle linebacker corps. I would really like to see them go back to the 4-3 defense rather than the 3-4. They also need to get younger and faster on defense.
— Charles D. Fisher
Yes, the Redskins will have money to spend in 2014, and I expect moves to bolster the offensive line, wide receiving corps, secondary and likely the linebackers as well. London Fletcher, Brian Orakpo, DeAngelo Hall, Brandon Meriweather, Josh Wilson, E.J. Biggers, Reed Doughty, Josh Morgan, Rob Jackson, Santana Moss, Perry Riley Jr., Fred Davis and Aldrick Robinson all will be free agents next year, so the Redskins have to make decisions on some of them, but a number of them likely will not return. As far as the 3-4 to the 4-3, I don’t see this as that big a deal. In most passing situations, the Redskins put Orakpo and Ryan Kerrigan down on the line at the end positions and have to other down linemen, so that’s a 4-3 look right there. What they need is their pass rushers (particularly Orakpo) to make more of an impact.
Why do the Redskins keep getting called for a penalty that is totally unnecessary? This happened twice against Minnesota. Perry Riley had to run about 10 feet to get to the Viking player so he could push him. Of course it brought the flag as soon as it happened. Why would a player hurt his team like that? Then Darrel Young grabs the face mask and shakes it. Of course, all television viewers, fans and coaches couldn’t miss that one. Do the players flat out not care for their own teammates and how it affects them? The worst is the block in the back. Two sides to a player: one you can hit and one you can’t. Nothing worse than a good runback on a kickoff or punt only to see the yellow flag and know right away what it means because the television showed it as clear as the nose on your face.
— Lester Petersen
All three of your examples are foolish penalties that are hard even for players to explain after the fact. The best that most have been able to offer when I ask a similar question is, “This is an emotional game with a lot at stake, and guys are passionate, and sometimes, your emotions get the best of you.” That’s all true. But because there’s so much at stake, players must carry themselves with discipline so they don’t hurt their team. The block in the back penalty is a silly mistake, but at least you can understand that it comes out of desperation. You’re running back on kickoff or punt coverage and the defender gets past you and you’re trying to do whatever you can to keep him from destroying your return man. That desperate move rarely yields the desired payoff, though.
Any chance we see Nick Williams returning punts this week?
— Sam
It’s still early, but I think there’s a good chance that Williams will get some opportunities. Mike Shanahan said last Friday that the team would continue to experiment with punt returners as the season progresses. Josh Morgan has struggled in this capacity (he said this is the first time in his life that he has served as a punt returner), and so, it definitely wouldn’t hurt to give Williams a try. We saw him field punts in practice during training camp, but he didn’t receive many opportunities in games. Actually, the undrafted rookie only fielded one punt during the preseason. He made the most of that opportunity, returning it 29 yards, however. As a senior at Connecticut, the 5-foot-9, 184-pound Williams averaged 12.0 yards per punt return and 20.4 yards per kick return. Williams isn’t a speedster like Brandon Banks. He clocked a 40-yard dash time of 4.62 seconds at his Pro Day. But he’s shifty enough, and appears to have good hands.
Is there any update on Adam Carriker?
— Jay Scheinberg
Unfortunately, no. The defensive end continues to rehab from his offseason surgeries on that torn quadriceps tendon. It doesn’t appear as if he will make it back this season.
It seems this year that “father time” may have sadly and finally caught up with London Fletcher. In many games this year, like Thursday night, his name is hardly, if ever mentioned. I know he gets the defense set pre-snap and is like a coach on the field, but is it getting to the point that his apparent ineffectiveness is outweighing that? I know he had his knee drained the other day. Is he playing hurt and we’re not being told about it? I was wondering, with Nick Barnett on the roster, maybe it’s time for a switch, especially the way the season appears to be headed. He’s had a lot of experience in this defense in Green Bay and Buffalo.
— Eric Waggy, Novi, Mich.
London Fletcher does appear to have lost a step, but he and the Redskins believe that he still is their best option at inside linebacker. He and the team say the knee getting drained was nothing serious, but it’s not a positive development. However, the coaches have too much respect for him to bench him. Does that mean that they aren’t suffering from not having a Fletcher of old out there? Probably some. They’d rather accept the trade-off of having their general on the field than not. In the game against San Diego when the Chargers had gotten the ball to the 1-yard line, Redskins players say nose tackle Barry Cofield turned to Fletcher and asked what was coming. Fletcher told Cofield both the first- and second-down plays, which the Redskins both properly defended. They don’t feel like anyone else could have done that. Now, say the season continues to deteriorate, will Fletcher get benched? I doubt it. But I do think you probably will see more Nick Barnett rotating in and out of there with Fletcher. But the Redskins won’t sit Fletcher unless he is seriously injured.
Do you think Kyle Shanahan would have interest in the University of Texas job? I realize this is unlikely to happen but let’s say the Redskins finish strong and Texas gets rid of Mack Brown and then strikes out on some higher-profile candidates. With the success of some younger college coaches recently and Kyle’s ties to UT, do you think he would step down to college for a job like Texas?
— Mike Plant
That’s an interesting proposition, but I don’t have any idea as to whether or not Kyle (a former Longhorn receiver) would be on Texas’s radar, or if he would have the college ranks on his. Kyle won’t talk about his future at this point in the season. He has generated some moderate interest from NFL teams regarding head coaching positions, and he has made no secret that he would like to be an NFL head coach. So I think that he probably would opt for that career path. But that’s purely speculative. If the right school with the right situation and checkbook came knocking, he could entertain such prospects. But if the Redskins finish off the year on an impressive note with the offense clicking on all cylinders, he could have NFL teams pursuing him as well.
The special team remains a liability because they can never kick deep on kick-offs, hence allowing teams to start in very good field positions every single time. So, when is anyone ever going to address that and fix the special teams once and for all? And like I stated earlier in the season, Keith Burns has got to go. What can his excuse be that his team goes into a play and not have everyone discuss the possibility of a trick play? … Finally, is there any possibility of the Redskins signing cornerback Nnamdi Asomugha? Whatever his drawback are, wouldn’t it be a definite upgrade for our defensive backs if we make the acquisition?
— Olufemi A. Adepoju
Special teams is definitely an area of weakness, but last week, the Redskins purposely didn’t kick the ball into the end zone because Minnesota’s Cordarrelle Patterson is the best in the league on kickoff returns. They were content to let the Vikings’ up backs return the ball to the 25 or 30 than to let Patterson touch the ball and possibly break free for a touchdown. But, there are many problems on that unit, and the miscommunication on the fake punt served as just another indication. Lost in the talk of the missed signal from Reed Doughty to Niles Paul and whether or not the play should’ve been called was the fact that Jerome Murphy was called for a false start. That actually ended up bailing the Redskins out — kind of — because Minnesota would’ve gotten the ball at Washington’s 35 following the incomplete pass from Sav Rocca to Paul. But, that was not the first special teams penalty on Murphy this season. He needs better awareness. Against Dallas he had an illegal shift penalty against Dallas and that caused Washington to re-punt, and Dwayne Harris returned the second punt for a touchdown. This missed fake-punt-penalty wound up not mattering really, because Darrel Young was called for a personal foul after the long return surrendered, and the ball was placed at the Washington 41. Yes, the Redskins have a mess on their hands. As far as Asomugha … This guy is not the answer. He had a lot of hype as he hit free agency and left Oakland for Philadelphia for a handsome payday. But he wound up getting exposed. He got cut by Philadelphia after two seasons, and then got cut by San Francisco this year.
What do you think about the way the team is handling Fred Davis? Seems to me that we’re gonna need all of the draft picks we can get, and with his athletic ability we could’ve gotten something for him if coaches could get him even a few catches.
— Bob Lasher, Clearwater, Fla.
Fred Davis’s demise is a perplexing on the surface, but ultimately, Redskins coaches believe they have found a more athletic, more reliable weapon in Jordan Reed, who is more consistent and versatile as a receiver and more solid as a blocker. The Redskins definitely could’ve tried to drive up Davis’s value by playing him some. Trades are rare in the NFL, but teams would have been able to see a little worth. But, that being said, no one wanted to give up a draft pick — even if it was just a sixth or seventh — for a guy that has had off-field issues and serious injury in his recent past, and an expiring contract. They’re content to wait until the offseason and kick the tires on Davis. And the Redskins don’t want to cut Davis because right now their best blocking tight end, Logan Paulsen, is nursing a knee injury, and Reed has gotten banged up here and there. They feel like if something were to happen to those two, at least they would have a starter-quality guy to turn to.
What’s ahead:
● A look at what facing the Eagles for the second time will be like for Washington.
More on the Redskins & NFL:
Path from 3-6 to playoffs looks tougher than last season
Outsider: Why the fourth-down pass to Moss was a good call
Nick Williams promoted from practice squad | Doughty takes blame for botched fake punt
Hall: NFC East struggles a surprise | Back at work, Griffin says Redskins still believe
D.C. Sports Bog: Mike Shanahan and history | More
The Early Lead: Roethlisberger would retire before a trade | More
Follow: @MikeJonesWaPo | @MarkMaske | @Insider | Insider on Facebook
McGee disappointed after injury causes withdrawal
Page Tools
Australian Bradley McGee retired from the Tour de France midway through Thursday's 200.5-kilometre fifth stage with hip and back problems.
World No. 1 Alessandro Petacchi of Italy also pulled out after injuring his shoulder in a crash.
McGee, who had been left behind in the rain without the strength to turn the pedals due to the trouble that has plagued him since the first stage, climbed off his bike and called it quits.
"It was a tough day with the weather but I just couldn't keep up, it's that simple," McGee said.
"I just haven't got the power. It's like I've only got one leg. I've never been in this position before and never thought I would be. It almost feels like when you win races and it hasn't sunk in. It's the same thing but instead of winning, I'm . . . out of the race."
McGee was among the favourites for the individual pursuit title at next month's Olympics, but having to be sidelined for the next three weeks means he may struggle. "I don't know what's going to happen," he said. "I'm going to rest up and I'll get some experts to have a look at it and see where I'm at.
"The disappointing thing is that I've got the mental strength to push through almost anything, but here I just didn't have the physical strength in my legs to survive."
McGee injured himself while lifting plants at his home in Monte Carlo a week before the tour.
Meanwhile, Lance Armstrong will skip the Athens Olympics, saying he needs to spend time with his children. "I've thought a lot about this and the answer is I shouldn't even say, 'Probably not', I should say, 'No'," said Armstrong.
Armstrong said being away from his children was "hard to do and so I want to go home".
- agenciesOur own Arash Markazi profiled the interesting and entertaining relationship between Kobe Bryant and Canadian cable TV personality Cabral "Cabbie" Richards. Over the last few years, Cabbie has managed to engage Kobe in a series of quasi-interviews playing well to Kobe's sense of humor.
There's some pretty funny stuff, all stemming from a meeting a few years back when Kobe "agreed" to let Cabbie stay in his guest house.
In the most recent installment, Kobe takes Cabbie into the helicopter he uses traveling back and forth to from his home in Newport to practices and games:
The "New Moon" lunch box is a great touch.
There are other quality installments of the series, with Cabbie always playing the dorky dufus, Kobe the biting-if-somewhat-accommodating-superstar. I like this one:
"That's more like a tent."
More in the series here ("You don't think I got pillows at my house?"), here, and here (Cabbie: "This is our limo." Kobe: "I'd better not see a bill for this."). There are others, too.
Incidentally, I've met Cabbie a couple times, and he's a good guy. Still, his explanation to Markazi about how he's managed to build this relationship with Bryant is great: ."The author, a well known platform speaker throughout western Canada and northwestern United States, is a suffragist, a prohibitionist, and with all loyalty to Canada and the Empire in the present crisis, an anti-militarist. Mrs. McClung displays the art of the public speaker in her skillful use of anecdote. There is a wholesomeness in her hearty manner and in her use of the vernacular.
en stood beside her wondering.
"'E would go!" she sobbed in reply to the sympathy expressed by the people who stood near her, "'E loves a fight--'e went through the South African War, and 'e's never been 'appy since--when 'e 'ears war is on he says I'll go--'e loves it--'e does!"
'"E loves it!"
That explains many things.
"Father sent me out," said a little Irish girl, "to see if there's a fight going on any place, because if there is, please, father would like to be in it!" Unfortunately "father's" predilection to fight is not wholly confined to the Irish!
But although men like to fight, war is not inevitable. War is not of God's making. War is a crime committed by men and, therefore, when enough people say it shall not be, it cannot be. This will not happen until women are allowed to say what they think of war. Up to the present time women have had nothing to say about war, except pay the price of war--this privilege has been theirs always.
History, romance, legend aTitus Aelius Antoninus (161 - 165)
Biography & Family History Add details
Titus Aelius Antoninus (161 - 165) was born in 161. He was born into the Antoninus family.
He died in 165 at 4 years of age. Titus Aelius Antoninus was buried in Lanuvium,.
This genealogy of Titus Aelius Antoninus's life is a collaborative effort by the AncientFaces community Add any information you have to connect to the people who knew them. Some common things we would like to know about Titus Aelius Antoninus's genealogy:
- Where was Titus Aelius Antoninus born?
- Where did Titus Aelius Antoninus die?
- Who was Titus Aelius Antoninuss family?
- What did Titus Aelius Antoninus look like? Add some photos of their life.
Family Tree & Genealogy
Titus Aelius Antoninus's family tree can be updated by anyone. Just click the "Add" or "Edit" buttons to get started.
You can add or remove people from this genealogy by clicking here.
History of Titus Aelius Antoninus Add details
- Given name
- Titus Aelius Antoninus
- Surnames
- Antoninus family history
- Born
-
- Death
-
- Burial / Funeral
- Lanuvium,
- Gender
- Male
Obituary Add details
No one has shared details on the obituary records of Titus Aelius Antoninus. You can add obituary information about Titus Aelius Antoninus by clicking "Add Details".
Discuss Titus Aelius Antoninus
Share your memories with the rest of Titus Aelius Antoninus's followers, by clicking on the box below. Anyone following Titus Aelius Antoninus will be contacted about your post.
Any messages you post will be shown below for others to comment on. If you have a favorite story about Titus Aelius Antoninus you'd like to share, consider sharing a storyinstead.
Maintain this biography
Compared to other Antoninuses
The average lifespan in our database of 2 Antoninuses is 4.0 years old. Titus Aelius Antoninus lived 0.0 years shorter than this.See more Antoninus statsABB has entered into a license agreement with Radio Control Central Stations Inc. (RCCS) of Boston, Massachusetts, for software solutions related to power quality.
RCCS is reputed in the United States for its Volt-Var Optimization (VVO) solutions, which include complex software algorithms to help utilities improve power quality and voltage fluctuations within the electric grid, in real-time. It enables utility planning, engineering, operations and maintenance functions to monitor and interact with automated capacitor switching systems through centralized control, allowing the grid to operate closer to its theoretical limits. Smart grid optimization offers significant growth opportunities in this area.
ABB will combine its capacitor products and advanced capacitor switching technology with RCCS’ software to offer complete power quality solutions to utility customers, enabling them to deploy optimized power factor and power quality solutions, while at the same time increasing the utilization of the existing distribution automation infrastructure. These solutions will also help improve energy efficiency by reducing line losses and enhancing the network's capability to carry more power.I guess I am level 3 or 3.5 . Not sure...I did not play tennis for years so now I am getting back to it. I would like to play with someone who is a casual player, nothing too ambitious or competitive here. Anyone who is into hitting for fun and exercise.
© 2015 Created by Mark / The Mayor.
Badges |
Report an Issue |
Please check your browser settings or contact your system administrator.These get really sloppy, but taste really good. The aroma brings everyone running to the table long before it is finished cooking.
Prep time:
Cook time:
Servings: 8 servings
Ingredients
Cost per serving $0.67 view details
- 1 pound ground sirloin
- 1/4 cup onion, chopped
- 1/2 cup water
- 1 tablespoon flour
- 1 tablespoon vinegar
- 1 can tomato soup
- 1 tablespoon brown sugar
- 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
- 8 hamburger buns
Directions
- In a skillet, over medium heat, add beef, onion, water and flour. Cook until browned.
- Add vinegar, soup, sugar, sauce and bring to a boil.
- Reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes.
- Serve on buns
Toolbox
Add the recipe to which day?
Languages
Nutrition Facts
AdvertisementSave The Event For Later Fast Forward MTB Camp: MASS Endurance #1 and #2 Training Camp Shippensburg, PA, Fri Mar 1 - Sun Mar 3, 2013 Who's Registered? | Contact Event | Event Website | Google Calendar Start line address: Shippensburg, PA 17257 Presented by Fast Forward Racing Productions This is a past event. If you wish to see the details for this past event click "Continue" below. If you are looking for a current event, please search the event calendar .Gl.
‘I learned a lot,’ he previously told WEEI.com about his first assignment..’
Click here to read more about Hudson’s time with the Red Claws.
Paul Pierce is expected to miss the next two weeks following an arthroscopic procedure Wednesday on his right knee to clean a knee infection at New England Baptist Hospital this morning, the Celtics announced in a press release.
Celtics Team Physician Dr. Brian McKeon performed the procedure, which was termed “arthroscopic irrigation.” There was no reported structural damage to the knee and Pierce is expected to make a full recovery.
The 6’7’ forward, has played in every game this season for the Celtics and is averaging a team-high 18.2 points.
He is currently shooting a career-high 47.3% from three-point land and is ranked fifth in the NBA. The Kansas product netted a season-high 33 points against the Knicks on November 22..
B.
It’s easy to gain a few extra pounds during the holiday season. Be honest ‘ how many cookies have crossed your path this month?
While some people give themselves a free pass for sneaking in sugary sweets, not everyone can simply vow to hit the gym in January.
Take Glen Davis for example. After slimming down this summer thanks in part to a newfound interest in mixed martial arts, he committed himself to maintaining his weight during the season. The task seems even more daunting this month, though, considering Davis has not played in a game since breaking his right thumb in late October.
So how does Big Baby avoid the big calories of holiday treats?
Davis has hired a personal chef to cook nutritional meals this season. He is not limited to a daily caloric intake and keeps the pounds off by following a dedicated workout routine during his rehab. Davis explained to WEEI.com how he has adapted his diet to stay thin without being on the court. (And yes, he can sneak a cookie, too.)
A Disciplined Diet: ‘I’ll eat an egg white omelet topped with a piece of French toast, carbs, protein [for breakfast]. Then I’ll lift, work out, do a lot of cardio. I have proportional meals so now I cut my lunch into half and then I eat it three hours later. I eat the other half three hours later, and I eat dinner, and I work out.’ would have to say I really haven’t given up anything. With a chef, they find multiple ways of cooking healthy meals. Like my chef, she cooks these healthy cookies that are unbelievable. It’s like banana chip something. It’s delicious. Everything’s organic in it, she uses no sugar. They taste delicious. But I don’t eat a lot of them. I eat like two of them.’
In September, Davis speculated that he had lost between 20-25 pounds. He currently is listed at 289<<- Text Size:
- ASmall Text
- AMedium Text
- ALarge Text
With the concerns of downtown restaurants as their primary consideration, a citizen task force has made recommendations to the Greenville City Council for how to handle food trucks within the city.
In a release, Mayor Pro Tem David Sudduth said, "Our primary goal was to develop a plan whereby existing restaurants can continue to be successful, not feel threatened by food trucks, and introduce the growing food truck industry to Greenville in a profound and meaningful way."
The city called the proposed regulations a win-win for restaurants and food trucks, but not everyone agrees.
Neue Southern Food Truck owner and Chef Lauren Zanardelli said, "We don't necessarily see it as a victory."
"I think proximity rule makes it almost impossible to park the truck downtown," she said.
Currently, food trucks are not allowed on public property and must only be parked on private property. The new recommendations will require that food trucks be parked only on private property but now also include the stipulation that they be parked at least 250 feet away from any existing restaurant, essentially eliminating food trucks from downtown Greenville's Central Business District.
The proposed regulations define mobile food vendor vehicles as: food truck, food trailer, mobile market food truck, catering-type food truck.
Scott LaRiviere, owner of Downtown Dogs, said, "I would definitely consider them competition. I understand everybody has got to make a living. Fact is, they are mobile and can set up wherever they want. They can pick and choose."
Greenville Director of Public Information Angie Prosser said the city is not against food trucks.
“We are pro-food truck. We are rewording the current ordinance to allow food trucks downtown with restrictions,” Prosser said.
Prosser said the committee studied similar food truck ordinances in more than 12 cities and Greenville’s proposed ordinance is not nearly as restrictive.
The proposed regulations would also require food trucks to pay a $500 annual permit fee, pay hospitality tax, and obtain liability insurance, a DHEC food inspection and a city business license. Those fees, etc. apply to food trucks, mobile market truck, catering truck and ice cream trucks.
Food truck owners point out they already pay state tax and hospitality tax just like restaurants.
Each private site where a food truck is allowed to park will also require a $50 temporary use permit and written permission from the owner.
Sudduth said the next steps "are for city staff to share the recommendations with restaurant owners (particularly downtown) and then an ordinance would be considered by council requiring two readings."
Zanardelli said, "We would have really liked to have been included in the process before the regulations were formed. We hope to sit down and have a conversation with a consensus that's good for everyone. We just want to be involved."People tend to check in during these times:
Add hours
Who dosent like to golf, I suck but still love the sport. Great place for meetings and events. Great Food and Drinks=))
The rooms overlooking Goguac Lake are beautiful. It would be a great place for a wedding reception in the summer.Like the rest of the media, potlatch is on summer hiatus right now, occasionally stirring to wonder whether public life is really such a trivial thing that it makes sense for all of its key protagonists and main analysts to holiday simultaneously. Say what you like about the bond markets, but you can at least rely on them to still be steam-rollering national sovereignty, even in mid-August.
The police are also all in Tuscany at the moment, which is why there are so many televisions going cheap in Tottenham this week. Some of the media's remaining members have picked up a social media angle to all of this: were the riots all a brilliantly coordinated ruse, based on innovations such as #meetoutsidedixonsat3am ? How long before the whole problem becomes framed in the rationalist, maximising terms of game-theory, and we discover that the modern state doesn't actually work? I've wondered about this before, on hearing that Hackney has 900 policemen to cope with 350,000 residents.
New Labour gave us the 'citizen-consumer' as a new model of the individual public service user. This is a participating member of 'the community', who nevertheless holds preferences which they act upon rationally and self-interestedly. They operate on the border between public and private interest. Could we witness the rise of the 'criminal-consumer', who employs lawlessness as a strategy for their own consumer goals? This was ultimately what Gary Becker proposed over 50 years ago, when he applied neo-classical price theory to understand crime and other non-market activities. Michel Foucault described Becker's version of neo-liberalism as follows:
Law enforcement is the set of instruments of action which, on the market for crime, opposes a negative demand to the supply of crime.
This is very close to what Jeremy Bentham had proposed in the late 18th century. Richard Posner has subsequently developed this approach, based on the notion that law's sole function is to alter incentives. Some activities such as illegal downloading, where obedience to the law is simply not efficient enough, make such a perspective faintly plausible.
Should one adopt this rationalist account of crime and deviance, then throw in social media, things start to appear very scary indeed. The 'criminal-consumer' acquires the capacity for widespread, mass co-operation (as allegedly was facilitated by twitter during the Arab Spring), in a way that is compatible with individual preferences for more consumer goods.
This is a kind of post-Thatcherite, neo-classical variant of what Marxists have hoped for, namely that bringing the proletariat together in the factory and the city will eventually lead to the emergence of a reflexive class consciousness, in which individuals discover that co-operation is more rational than competition. Revolution would follow. Neo-classical economics famously lacks any theory of production, and so when homo economicus assembles en masse in the city, with the new capacity of social media, the only form of co-operation that can emerge is riotous consumption, otherwise known as looting. If socialism promised to democratise the means of production, social media might be democratising the means of consumption, with both omelettes requiring a few eggs to be broken along the way.
Under these circumstances, the role of the state becomes like that of the anti-trust authority. Crime, in the age of twitter, comes to appear as a form of cartel, that needs busting. Above all else, the state must prevent co-operation, and maintain homo economicus in the state of mutually suspicious individualism. In a bizarre new form of neo-classical performativity, the prisoners dilemma travels from the realm of scholarly game theory, to being a strategy for policing the city.
Naturally all of the above is a nonsense. Co-operation happens for reasons other than strategy and shared preference, and strategy and share preference are seldom enough to generate co-operation. The law remains tinged with a metaphysical authority, that is not reducible to its effects on incentives. In any case, behavioural 'nudges', brains and 'choice architectures' have knocked the Benthamites and neo-classical dogmatists out of the policy limelight. But perhaps that's just as well. If the lessons of Becker, Bentham et al were learnt too closely, attaining law and order on the streets of the digitally-enabled city might soon come to appear tougher than a Nash equilibrium.
A great post. I agree especially with the final paragraph: there's enough residual respect for basic norms and The Law (if not quite as much for the Police) to make this all shocking to most and unimaginably bad behaviour for nearly everyone. That said, social media do provide a new tool for cooperative mob violence; then again, as you note, mobs and low-life criminals can't cooperate properly.
As for neoliberalism, this is a triumph of a kind - even when you are confronted by a raging mob, all they want to do is empty Curry's of flatscreen tvs and try on looted trainers. They don't want to overthrow anything or propose a new order. This is rioting as an extension of the summer sales, and possibly a reflection of a deep longing to imitate the cash-and-burn methods of the elites who have brought the West to its current pass.
Posted by: Ian C | August 08, 2011 at 11:36 AM
Well quite. The present economic crisis demands to be analysed in terms of the interplay of 'public' and 'private' property, and the blurring of the distinctin. Securitisation converted uncertainties into risk, to be owned, bought and sold by private banks - until it was discovered that such risks couldn't really be 'owned' at all, and entire societies would have to pay. So by this same standard, looting is a particularly aggressive form of shopping...
Posted by: Will Davies | August 08, 2011 at 12:17 PM
I think Debord and the SI's reaction to the Watts and Detroit riots (1965) probably belongs in here somewhere too. However exhorting "nihilists, one more effort if you would become revolutionaries!" would be rather lost on the rioting youth of today - they just want to tax an iPhone and a mountain bike...
Posted by: Dick Pountain | August 10, 2011 at 01:12 PM
If the amount of Dragon Nest Gold, you order from us is less than 1000K, we are typically able to deliver within 10 mins to 1 hour after verification.
Posted by: Zara Miller | October 12, 2011 at 04:02 AMReceive detailed niche and marketing ideas via email. These ideas will not be shared elsewhere online.
No Ads. No Affiliate Links. Ever.
Popular Posts
-
I built my first website at 15 years old. I built my first website with the intention of making money at 16. Based on what I’m about to tell you, you could say it took me either 3 years to “make it online,” or 4. Three as at 18 my blog managed to get me a lucrative job in the internet marketing field or four as I managed to quit my job and start working for myself.
Either way, I am successful online but my success took a very long time. Time that has obviously taught me some lessons along the way. You can find people promising you overnight riches online or success in two weeks, but that’s not what you’ll read from me. I think these things are possible, but they’re the exception. They’re not easy to make happen. Instead, I believe that a genuine, ethical, liveable income can be generated online within 6-12 months. Perhaps more importantly is that I believe this online income can be achieved by someone of any experience, gender, or age. That means you.
Looking at my own learning curve, however, you could work out that it took me around 36-48 months to do what I have now proven I can do in 12. And, while I believe the learning curve is important, I still want to teach you all how to avoid the pitfalls and bad habits that I did on this journey so you don’t have to go through them yourself.
Got that? Awesome.
Sometimes I feel kind of obvious when writing blog posts as I have to give advice you’ve probably heard one hundred times before. Although that may be the case, I still feel it is very relevant to bring up this point. After all, it did save me a lot of time and that’s what I’m teaching you here.
The first website I ever built was about computer tips. Computers were something my younger, geeky-self was into at the time, so that’s what I decided to write about. I spent weeks working day and night on the website and absolutely loved it. I didn’t care that my time investment hadn’t made me a fair return. Instead, I was just enjoying the process of learning new things and talking about things on which I was knowledgeable.
My next website was about DJ’ing. At the time, I had owned turntables for 6 months and was improving my skills in the area. In the online space, MySpace were dominating with their idea for a social network online and were quickly becoming the website that everybody had to be a part of. Because of this, we decided to create a MySpace with a ‘DJ twist’ which we called: MyDJSpace.
This site was actually very successful: we quickly grew to 10,000 members, we ranked highly in Google for DJ related terms and we were even highlighted in the book DJ’ing for Dummies. I don’t work on the site now and I’ll spare you the long story of how that happened, but it is another example of a site that I loved working on and became successful.
After this however, I wanted money. I had worked hard for over a year and didn’t have much to show for it. I started returning to the webmaster forums where I used to spend so much time and see what worked for other people. I started about five websites that I quickly hated: a celebrity gossip blog and four proxies (?).
I made around $5,000 through my websites over the next year and over $20,000 through coaching about internet marketing. I was starting to get somewhere, but I really wasn’t enjoying what I did.
It took me a full three years to start another website that I actually passionately cared about (PluginID) and once again, the site turned out to become a massive success. Take something from the obvious fact that you should not only do what you love, but the three times I have, a lot of things have gone my way.
As I mentioned earlier, my belief is that to make a solid income online, you need to dedicate about 6-12 months in pursuit of the results you want. Things may happen earlier and some people may land on a goldmine, but generally, I think that is a good timeline to use. Because of this, you not only need to work on something you love in order to have the energy to keep going, but you also need to make sure you don’t stop once you get started.
Looking back, the amount of websites I have started and then gave up on is embarrassing. Thinking about all of the money I wasted on domains I let expire, scripts I didn’t use and work I hired for projects I no longer care about isn’t nice. But it did happen, and it happened a lot, so I want you to avoid it.
Can you promise me that?
Can you promise me that the next website you start or the one you care about most right now will get your consistent attention? Note how I don’t recommend you give all of your attention, just what is necessary for a long period of time. A lot of people will disagree with me here, but websites in pretty much any niche will make money. If you’re going to work hard on any site for at least 6 months, there will be the potential to make at least a few hundred dollars per month.
It may not allow you to quit your job, but now you have the foundations to take what you’ve learned and boost your income up to the next level. Do what you love, and don’t stop doing it.
Unless, of course, you have a genuine, no-bullshit excuse for quitting.
It’s probably very stupid of me to say this as I’m a blogger who would like a bigger audience, but I am still referring to myself in this section title. For the most part, once you have your first website up and you’re starting to take action, ignore pretty much the entire internet marketing industry.
I do say most people here, and not everyone. If there are blogs like Problogger, Copyblogger or even this one which you find provide a lot of value you can’t miss (or can’t get elsewhere) then keep reading them. However, if you’re just reading and following instructions blindly for the sake of doing something, then please stop now.
The number one hindrance to my success online was constantly building new websites or trying new ideas I thought would make me money quicker than doing what I love. I was at the stage where I would constantly build new websites in industries that I knew were making money, rather than ones I cared about. To see how stupid this is, ask yourself whether you would keep quitting your job and moving to new industries because your friends get paid more money than you.
For me, of course, this is a total learning process, but it doesn’t have to be for you. I imagine that it is still very exciting to get into the internet marketing world now with thousands of people promising you easy success. I really don’t want to take that excitement away from you, but I do want you to be realistic. Let’s just put it like this: the numbers that get thrown around as figures you can make online are possible to make. The timescales in which these are promised are generally not.
Anyone that has built a website worth owning has created it in months or years. Not weeks. Only focus on things like my $1m case study if you’re actually trying your own methods to make money. Otherwise, you’re just a sheep like I was and I’ll congratulate you in three years.
Although I would love it to be one..logging in or signing up internal control -risk and sox Sshah14 Category: Business & Fin.. License: All Rights Reserved Like it (2) Dislike it (0) Added: July 14, 2010 This Presentation is Public Favorites: 0 Presentation Description No description available. Comments Posting comment... By: klithesh (50 month(s) ago) Hi, can you forward me internal control -risk and sox PPT to my email id - kumarlithesh@yahoo.com Its really fantastic. Thanks a lot in advance. Saving..... Post Reply Close Saving..... Edit Comment Close Premium member Presentation Transcript Slide 1: Internal Control Risk SOX Compliance Sherif Shahin 1 Slide 2: Internal Control 2 Internal Control : Internal Control 3 Internal Control is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of objectives in the following three categories : Effectiveness and Efficiency of Operations Processes are doing what they are intended to do (i.e., achieving their objectives), and doing so in an efficient manner - - i.e., making good use of available resources. 2. Compliance with Laws and Regulations Actions are consistent with all applicable laws and regulations. 3. Reliability of Financial Reporting Accuracy and reliability of Financial Statements. Types of Internal Controls : Types of Internal Controls Controls can be either preventive or detective Preventive Controls Built into the process or system to avoid or minimize risk. Helps make processes more efficient and can reduce cost of corrective actions. Detective Controls Provides a process assessment to identify potential issues for further review 4 Slide 5: Preventative Controls: “Prevent undesirable events from occurring” Knowledge that someone is reviewing your work Segregation of duties Limited access Levels of authorization Security badges Business rule set-up in automated systems 5 Slide 6: Detective Controls : “Detect and correct undesirable events after they occur.” Reconciliations Auditing Confirmations Exception reports Reviews done on a regular basis 6 Slide 7: Controls can be either Automated or Manual Automated Controls – Incorporated into application logic. Example: System automatically searches for a matching PO before paying an invoice Manual Controls – Performed by individuals outside of the system or application Example: Supervisor’s signature 7 Who is accountable for assurance that appropriate internal controls are in place? : Who is accountable for assurance that appropriate internal controls are in place? Management!!!! 8 Internal Controls can fail because: : Internal Controls can fail because: Employees can make mistakes or exercise poor judgment There can be collusion – where two or more individuals work together to steal Management may inappropriately override established policies or procedures. 9 Who’s responsible for the performance of internal control activities? : Who’s responsible for the performance of internal control activities? Everyone!!!!!! 10 Slide 11: Risk 11 Risk : Risk What are risks? A risk is anything that could jeopardize: Achieving our goals Operating effectively and efficiently Providing reliable financial data Protecting the assets from loss Complying with applicable laws, policies, and procedures 12 Risk : Risk What could go wrong in our unit? Fire System/application goes down Key employee calls in sick Misstatement financials Fraud 13 Risk Assessment – What is it? : Risk Assessment – What is it? It’s a process to: Identify significant risks Assess risks What is the likelihood of occurrence? What is the potential impact? Manage these risks through: Avoidance Acceptance and sharing (insurance) Mitigate with internal controls 14 Slide 15: What happens when internal controls are not in place or break down? 15 Slide 16: Misstatement financials is untrue declaration of financial data Fraud is generally defined in the law as an intentional misrepresentation of material existing fact made by one person to another 16 Providing reliable Financial data : Providing reliable Financial data The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' Statement on Auditing Standards No. 31: Evidential Matter provides a logical framework for designing audit procedures. The framework is built around five financial statement assertions. The first three assertions--existence, completeness, and valuation--address whether accounts contain valid entries that are recorded accurately. The last two assertions--rights and obligations , and presentation and disclosure--focus on whether the entity's legal rights and obligations are presented properly and described adequately in the financial statements. 17 What are the assertions? : What are the assertions? CE- VOP 18 Slide 19: Completeness all transactions are recorded completely Existence all transactions which are recorded exists Valuation all transactions are reflected in its value Ownership all transactions are owned by the company Presentation all transactions are disclosed correctly 19 What is Fraud? : What is Fraud? Fraud : Typically requires 3 key elements: Did something bad/wrong “misrepresentation of facts” Done intentionally Resulted in unauthorized personal gain 20 Red Flags for Fraud : Red Flags for Fraud No vacation Voluntary overtime Unexplained variances Complaints No reconciliation One employee “does it all” Documentation is not original “Rush” requests 21 Who Commits Fraud? : Who Commits Fraud? Those having: Pressure - Usually caused by financial need or desire Ability to rationalize – Make excuses and do not think of crime as stealing Opportunity – Typically arises from weak controls or too much independence/ control given to someone 22 How Does Fraud Occur? : How Does Fraud Occur? Billing – Employee submits invoice for payment to bogus vendor or for personal expenses Non-cash – Employee steals office supplies, stamps, business services, identity of students/staff, etc. Expense reimbursement – Employee files expense report claiming personal travel, nonexistent meals, etc. Skimming – Employee accepts payment from customer but does not record Payroll – Employee takes unreported annual/sick leave, claims overtime for hours not worked, adds ghost employee to payroll 23 Slide 24: Sarbanes Oxley Act 24 What do these dates have in common? : What do these dates have in common? 25 December 2, 2001 Enron declares bankruptcy July 19, 2002 MCI Worldcom declares bankruptcy August 31, 2002 Arthur Anderson agrees to stop auditing public companies Slide 26: How Did Congress Respond? 26 Slide 27: Senator Paul SarbanesPaul Spyros Sarbanes (born February 3, 1933), Democrat, represented the state of Maryland in the United States Senate for thirty years Michael G. Oxley Michael Garver Oxley (born February 11, 1944), Republican, represented the 4th congressional district of Ohio in the U.S. House of Representatives. 27 Sarbanes-Oxley Act : Sarbanes-Oxley Act Key Background/Facts: Issued by U.S. Securities and Exchange Committee (SEC) in 2002 in response to corporate and accounting scandals involving well known US companies (e.g., Enron). Intended to restore public trust and confidence in corporate business practices, reporting and disclosures Applies to US publicly traded companies registered with the SEC; not applicable to institutions of higher education or other not-for-profit institutions 28 Sarbanes-Oxley Act : Sarbanes-Oxley Act Extremely comprehensive piece of legislature that contains 11 sections; Public Company Accounting Oversight Board External Auditor Independence Corporate Responsibility Enhanced Financial Disclosures Analyst Conflict of Interest Commission Resources and Authority Studies and Reports Corporate and Criminal Fraud Authority White-Collar Crime Penalty Enhancements Corporate Tax Returns Corporate Fraud and Accountability 29 Sarbanes-Oxley Act : Sarbanes-Oxley Act Corporate Responsibility – Section #302 Requires the CEO and CFO to certify with annual report that: 1- They have reviewed the report 2- There are no untrue statements of material fact or omission 3- The financial statements present the financial condition of operations 4- They are responsible for: A) Establishing and maintaining internal controls B) Material information is known to officers C) Have evaluated controls and presented their conclusions 5- They have disclosed to the auditors and audit committee all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in controls that could adversely affect the financial data 6- They have indicated if there were significant changes in internal controls that could significantly affect internal Controls 30 Are the Numbers Right? Sarbanes-Oxley Act : Sarbanes-Oxley Act Enhanced Financial Disclosures – Section #404 Each annual report shall contain an internal control report which: States the responsibility of management for establishing and maintaining an adequate internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. Contains an assessment, as of the end of the fiscal year, of the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures of the company for financial reporting. The public accounting firm shall attest to and report on the internal control assessment made by management. 31 Is the Process to Derive the Numbers Right? You do not have the permission to view this presentation. In order to view it, please contact the author of the presentation.Log in to access helpful sales tools, investor forms, and marketing materials.
Forgot Your Password?
New user?
November 3, 2008
Boston, MA & New York, NY
American Realty Capital announced today that Kamal Jafarnia has been named Executive Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer of Realty Capital Securities, LLC, the dealer manager for its affiliated real estate investment offerings, and Senior Vice President of American Realty Capital Advisors, LLC. Mr. Jafarnia will be responsible for overseeing the day-to-day compliance activities for Realty Capital Securities, LLC, including, but not limited to, monitoring supervisory policies and procedures, reviewing advertising and sales literature and preparing regulatory filings and support for examinations.
Mr. Jafarnia has more than 15 years experience both as an attorney and as a compliance professional, including 10 years of related industry experience in financial services. Most recently, he served as Executive Vice President of Franklin Square Capital Partners and as Chief Compliance Officer of FB Income Advisor, LLC, the registered investment adviser to Franklin Square's proprietary offering, where he was responsible for overseeing the regulatory compliance programs for the firm. Prior to Franklin Square Capital Partners, Mr. Jafarnia was Assistant General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer for Behringer Harvard and Behringer Securities, LP, respectively, where he coordinated the selling group due diligence and oversaw the regulatory compliance. Prior to Behringer Harvard, Mr. Jafarnia worked as Vice President of CNL Capital Markets, Inc. and Chief Compliance Officer of CNL Fund Advisors, Inc.
Mr. Jafarnia earned a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Texas at Austin and his law degree from Temple University School of Law in Philadelphia, PA. He is currently participating in the Masters of Laws degree program in Securities and Finance Regulation at the Georgetown University Law Center in Washington, DC.
"We are excited about Kamal's addition to our team as he brings valuable experience overseeing compliance programs for real estate investment program sponsors similar to American Realty Capital," said Nicholas S. Schorsch, CEO of American Realty Capital. "His appointment solidifies our commitment to meeting the compliance standards set out by the SEC, FINRA and the individual states."
About American Realty Capital
American Realty Capital was formed by Nicholas S. Schorsch and William M. Kahane. As CEO and board member, respectively, the two were behind the growth of American Financial Realty Trust, where they acquired over 1,500 properties valued at more than $5 billion. In the last five years, ARC's executive team has collectively negotiated and closed on over $7 billion of bank branch and net leased real estate.
For more information, visit.
This press release may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results and trends could differ materially from those set forth in such statements due to various factors..
AR Capital | 405 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10022 | (212) 415-6500
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Business Continuity Plan | Site Map | Report a Web Site ProblemTerms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Business Continuity Plan | Site Map | Report a Web Site ProblemVollrath CB98639 DescriptionSKU: 175-CB98639
Keep your buffet clean and debris free with this double sided contemporary breath guard from Vollrath. This doubled sided breath guard features 3/8" thick tempered glass with polished ends and a 1" tubular construction. Designed for use with 5 well drop in units, this double sided breath guard will protect your foods with ease. Because of its quality construction this breath guard will be an easy to clean and beautifully designed part of your food bar for years to come.
Vollrath backs this double sided breath guard with a 1 warranty!
Contemporary Breath Guard, Double-Sided Buffet, 3/8" thick tempered glass with polished ends, 1" stainless steel tubular construction,.The Divine Feminine
Craig Hella Johnson shows audiences why his Austin-based ensemble, Conspirare, is one of the nation's most celebrated choral ensembles. "The Divine Feminine" is the theme for his first appearance with Vocal Arts Ensemble, featuring a 17th-century Magnificat of Jan Sweelinck, Benjamin Britten's Hymn to St. Cecilia, the regional premiere of 2012 Pulitzer Prize winner Kevin Puts' To Touch the Sky, and a collection of traditional spirituals.
Where: Christ Church Cathedral
Phone: 513.621.1817
Address: 318 East Fourth Street
Website:Abstract
By using a large-core and high-\Delta polymeric optical waveguide, we developed the mode-division power divider which enables wide-angle power dividing, and compared it with a conventional Y-junction power divider. The core size and \Delta were 100\;\times\;100 \mum2 and 5.4%, respectively. At the conditions of 25^{irc} branching angle and 50/50 splitting ratio, the excess loss of the mode-division and Y-junction were estimated to be 2.5 and 9.5 dB, respectively. These values were including 1.2 dB fiber-connecting loss. Furthermore, we observed that both the mode-division type outputs have almost the same modal power distribution as the input.
[IEEE ]PDF Article22.1 cu. ft. Side by Side Refrigerator with 3 Adjustable Glass Shelves, 3 Gallon Bins, SpacePlus Ice System and External Ice/Water Dispenser
24.7 cu. ft. Side-by-Side Refrigerator with Food Showcase, 4 Spill-Proof Glass Shelves, LED Tower Lighting, In-Door Ice Maker and External Water/Ice Dispenser
24.5 cu. ft. Side by Side Refrigerator with 4 Spillproof Glass Shelves, 6 Temperature Sensors, Ice/Water Dispenser, Power Freeze/Power Cool Options, LED Lighting and Door Alarm
26.0 cu. ft. Side by Side Refrigerator with 4 Adjustable Spill-Proof Glass Shelves, 2 Adjustable Gallon Door Bins, PowerCold, Air Filter and External Ice/Water Dispenser
Side By Side RefrigeratorsWater service restored after overnight main break downtown
MILWAUKEE - Public Works crews in Milwaukee have restored water service after a water main break that initially affected downtown businesses.
The water main break happened at the corner of North Water Street and East Juneau Avenue.
It started at about 7:00 p.m. Monday night and went through the overnight hours.
The pipe DPW crews repaired has a long history. It was installed in 1872.
Crews did an emergency water shutoff because of the break.
"The hole that was in the pipe is from corrosion, and that is from outside soil, soil outside the water main," said Milwaukee DPW Spokeswoman Carrie Lewis.
The owner of AJ Bombers, a restuarant in that area, says that crews finally restored water to the area at about 7:20 a.m.
Joe Sorge told TODAY'S TMJ4's Nick Montes that the water main break forced the restaurant to close early and turn away his customers.
"We informed them the city had shut down the water on our block, and we basically invited our guests back for another time," said Sorge.
"Everyone was super understanding."
Sorge said he called the city immediately after he noticed water in the basement.
"This was in the very lowest part of the basement, in the far corner that wasn't even really storage, nowhere near any sort of food supplies."
According to Sorge, he can recover the loss of business.
"It always gives us an opportunity to showcase our best customer service with any guests that show up among the situation."
There was no initial word on the cause.Glitz and glamour in Bali
Bali might be best known as a cheap holiday destination but it also has its fair share of glitz and glamour. Whether you want to melt your credit card at the mall, chill out at a beachfront bar or doof-doof until the early hours, check out our guide to Bali at its most chic. Shop […]I'm trying to image off my N2E and even version 0.1 (which I saw from another thread) isn't able to save off the image from my Nook. Is there another program I can use in Win7 x64 to image off my N2E?
win7 x64 win32diskimager - works fine
Has anyone getting the Lock Error trying to read an SD figured out how to fix it. I don't really care if you don't have the problem. That's noise.
XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality.
Are you a developer?Well folks, TNBTTGSY didn’t win any blogging awards this year, but voter turnout was outstanding — HUGE thanks to everyone who went to the trouble of registering and voting.
And, never ones to rest on their digital laurels, 2009 Blogger’s Choice Awards is already open! (Wow.) So if you care to vote early and often…
If you are trying to register and have not received a confirmation email, please send an email (using the address you registered) to info@bloggerschoiceawards.com with the subject line Email Confirmation Not Received.
Thank you, readers!
The NYPD has declared war on crime in Greenwich Village, flooding the neighborhood with extra patrols, mounted cops and a mobile command center and light towers as part of an all-out push to eradicate a recent surge in violence and illegal activity in the area.
Police brass have reassigned nearly 20 additional patrolmen and sergeants, as well as a team of six horse-mounted officers, to the district of boutiques, bars and coffee shops, The Post has learned.
“This is something new because of the spike in crime,” one cop on horseback said. “There have been a lot of stabbings and muggings recently. We’re here to show an increased presence to deter those types of crimes.”
In one particularly vicious attack — part of the uptick in violence first reported in The Post two weeks ago — an off-duty cop was assaulted by a passer-by who shouted anti-gay slurs at him.
The NYPD reinforcements are being deployed every Friday and Saturday from 10 p.m. to 5 a.m.
There have been 43 assaults in the trendy neighborhood so far this year compared with 34 last year over the same six months, NYPD stats show.
In response, Police Commissioner Ray Kelly ordered cops to set up a mobile command center on Christopher Street between Washington and Greenwich streets to coordinate the stepped-up anti-crime effort in the Sixth Precinct, which stretches from the Hudson River to Seventh Avenue South.
Mobile light towers also have been erected to brighten the intersections of Hudson and Christopher streets and West Fourth Street and Sixth Avenue.
“This is a whole different atmosphere out here. If it wasn’t for the cops, it would be crazy,” said José Gonzalez, 33, an off-duty security guard who patrols with the Guardian Angels.
Many residents blamed the rise in crime on New Jersey youths who cause trouble as they head to the PATH train. Others blamed Crips and Bloods gang members.
Over the past month, there have been 100 narcotics arrests, compared with 53 last year during the same period. Overall, there has been a 20 percent jump in arrests: 992 this year compared with 827 last year.
“These people can sometimes be violent,” said a doorman at a luxury building on Christopher Street near Bleecker Street. “We need a lot more police out here. I’ve had 15 or 20 people fighting outside and storm their way into the building.”
Additional reporting by Chuck BennettPut the Needle on the Record Love vinyl? Need a new record player? Check out our turntable store for a great selection of turntables, needles, accessories, and more.
Image Unavailable
Colour:
The Wall is a masterpiece of an album and I was extremely happy to receive this box set for christmas. Read morePublished 5 days ago by Gaynor
my original copy of The Wall was lost... or stolen over 20 years ago. When i realized i could buy another new copy,.. you can be sure i jumped at the chance to buy this. Read morePublished 1 month ago by Gregory Szymkowiak
This album rocks !
I can tell you how much I love it.
It's epic.
Own it on CD and LP.
So much better than the Dark Side of the Moon remaster...this is great.Published 6 months ago by LC9000I think I’ve mentioned this in every post this summer, but it’s BLAZING hot in AZ. That’s why I’m Staying Cool with Fruttare this summer! These frozen fruit bars are ridiculously delicious and make my job as a mom that much easier. Because, let’s face it…being a mom is tough!
I have countless stories of my kids pushing my buttons, making messes (don’t even get me started on cleaning a toilet after a 3 year old boy goes potty…ugh), throwing fits, and not letting me sleep in past 5:00 am. My oldest is almost 5 and I could write a gigantic novel on their shenanigans. I know that the annoyances and messes are not going to end any time soon, but I’m okay with that. It’s cliche to say so, but I really wouldn’t trade ANY of it. They’ve made me stronger, smarter, sometimes sneakier and just a better, well rounded person. I guess I needed to become an even better person, because this is happening:
And this is how we feel about it:
Baby number 3 is coming January 2015! Totally unexpected, but we’re really happy and anxiously waiting to welcome this new life!
I’m really anxiously waiting because I have been super sick through the first trimester and I’ve pretty much been living off of my Fruttare fruit bars. They are SOOOO good. They’re so creamy and taste JUST like fruit (probably because they’re made with REAL fruit juice). Mango is my favorite flavor, but you can choose from Lime (shown), Strawberry, Black Cherry and Pineapple. They also make really delicious fruit and milk bars in a variety of flavors…my husband LOVES them.
…and you can tell the kiddos really enjoy them too
Fruttare is recognized as a brand synonymous with a positive outlook on life…and things are definitely brighter for me because of them!
I think these would be a great treat for parties, plus the colors are beautiful! I put them in cellophane bags and tied them with bakers twine. You have to work fast so they don’t melt, but I love the way they look and it was really easy to do. I then placed them in a glass bowl filled with ice.
Fruttare Frozen Fruit Bars are available at retailers nationwide. For more information on Fruttare Fruit Bars, check out FruttareFruitBars.com.
I was selected for this opportunity as a member of Clever Girls Collective and the content and opinions expressed here are all my own.
Congrats on baby #3!
Thanks, Sam!!
Congrats!!! So excited for you!!
Thanks!!
Congrats, Erin! I hear those baby #3’s just sort of like to surprise you
They sure do!! Thanks
YUM! And congrats! Their faces are priceless
Thanks, Nicole!
Yum! These looks delish, Erin! Congrats on the new baby!!
Thanks Kristi!!Timer had gone out and lid switch as well William D. • Jamestown, CA • July 18, 2014 My Repair & Advice After opening the area where the timer was housed, I removed the old timer & replaced it with the new one. The repair was so easy we were back to washing clothes in 10 minutes. Was this review helpful to you?Columbia Records has announced a soundtrack release for the comedy drama A Little Help. The album includes two score tracks by composer Austin Wintory (Captain Abu Raed, Grace), as well as the original song I’m Lucky co-written by Wintory and Céleigh Chapman. Also featured on the soundtrack are Jakob Dylan with three original songs, Rob Benedict’s band Louden Swain, Dion, Zach Page and Céleigh Chapman. The album will be released digitally on July 19, 2011. Check out audio clips from all tracks on the album below. A Little Help is directed by Michael J. Weithorn (The King of Queens) and centers on a recently widowed single mom who reconnects with an old flame – her sister’s husband. The film stars Jenna Fischer, Chris O’Donnell and Rob Benedict. The movie will be released in theaters on July 22. For more information about the film and soundtrack, visit the official movie webpage.
Here’s the album tracklisting:
This movie looks so great and I love me some Jakob Dylan!Are you in college and trying to find a group of people who love God and have fun doing it? Then we have a bunch of opportunities where you can do just that. We reach the campuses of both Washington State University and the University of Idaho, and many students from each campus are part of our church body. We have a wide variety of ministries and events specifically for college students.
There are a variety of events for college students throughout the week, including:
- Campus Christian Fellowship – Fridays at 7:30pm
A great mix of worship, a message, and hanging out with other college students.
- Campus Connect Groups – Throughout the Week
Meeting in dorms and off-campus, connect groups provide a great small-group setting to make friends and learn about the Word of God together.
Friday Night CCF
Campus Christian Fellowship (CCF) meets each Friday night at 7:30 pm during the school year. If you haven’t been there yet, you’ve got to come see for yourself. CCF is an exciting mix of worship, drama, music, and a powerful message that will encourage and inspire you. We’d love to see you there! Find out more!
JCD Company
The JCD (Jesus Christ Disciples) Company is a leadership program for college students where you can be inspired to grow in God. The program is designed to help students grow in leadership, service, devotion, and most importantly, their relationship with God.
Program Prerequisites
- Completed The Carpenter Series and become a member of Living Faith Fellowship.
- Completed MIRROR Class.
- Complete assigned summer book studies and homework.
- Attend the JCD Retreat in August.If you don't like the built-ins for date and time, recent versions of Bash (3.1.17 and up has it, possibly earlier) include the \D{...} escape sequence which allows you to choose your own. The material inside the braces has to be in the same format as the date, so \D{%l:%M%P} gives " 6:50pm", \D{%Y%m%d.%H%M} gives "20071016.1850" and \D{%A, %d %B %Y} gives "Tuesday, 16 October 2007". Use man date to figure out these wonderfully non-intuitive strings of inline garbage.UnNews:Saddam faces death penalty for 1980s killing; supporter Reagan faces exhumation
From Uncyclopedia, the content-free encyclopedia
19 June 2006
Saddam Hussein interrupts his genocidal schedule to welcome an American special envoy from supporter Ronald Reagan, 1983. Reagans's chosen envoy was a youthful, pert, and oh-so-butch Don Rumsfeld.
The prosecutors asked that Reagan's corpse be exhumed, shot by a firing squad, and then reburied.
In a somewhat unorthodox move the presiding judge interrupted the trial to assure participants and viewers that the court was in no way influenced by the Americans who currently occupy Iraq, and that therefore the court had no intention of holding George Bush criminally responsible for the deaths of 140,000 Iraqis since the US invasion.
"We are not puppets," said the judge, Mr. Ali ibn-Pinocchio. "We are an independent court with the impartial pursuit of justice as our only...excuse me, very sorry, General Casey instructed me to say 'the impartial pursuit of justice and the welfare of the Iraqi people as our only goals.'"
As yet the verdict in Saddam's trial is not in, although American General Casey said it was pretty much a done deal.
edit Sources
- White House Truth and Reconciliation Committee, statement by Tony Snow, June 18 2006 (see Whitehouse.gov)
- My Life and Hard Times in the Genocide Trade, Saddam Hussein (with Ann Coulter), Houghton-Pifflin' Press 2005.
Whether your baby is just pulling up, cruising, or already running around like a banshee, this post's for you.
1. Slim Round Cocktail Table from Room and Board, $229. The look of this one appeals to me a lot, and it comes in an array of vivid colors. It's round, and easy to clean. But does powder coated steel still wield the ability to chip a tooth?
2. Round Coffee Play Table, Land of Nod, $499. Okay, this one was specifically designed with this problem in mind. I love the round edges, and that it doubles as toy storage. Its five star reviews indicate people are happy.
3. Trio of Herman Miller Wire Base Tables, available at Design Within Reach for $294 each. I actually love this idea. These tables are a timeless classic, and bring in color without going romper room. They function as side tables or kids' tables, and hopefully the magic eraser will do its job when a crayon goes astray.
4. Offi Embrace Media Storage Tables, Mini Jake, $279. This contraption is pretty smart. The table comes apart and works as a desk for little ones, or as separate side tables. Opt for the walnut if you're worried about marks.
5. Square Hinged Storage Bench/Ottoman, Overstock, $141. Not a fan of the look of these, but boy, are they indestructible. It wipes down, has soft edges, and lots of storage inside. Put a tray or a tapestry over it if you don't love the aesthetic.
Other tables considered for this post: a mid-century round wooden table, ruled out because wood damages easily with pen or water marks; the Duc Duc Parker play table which, other than its 90 degree corners, we love; and a fabric ottoman, which might stain too easily.
What coffee table solution have you found for your family? Or did you just decide to get rid of it all together?
(Images: as linked above)Super Deformed Fortress Maximus Available at Summer Wonderfest 2013
Saturday, July 6th, 2013 11:08AM CDTCategories: Event News, Toy News
Posted by: LOST Cybertronian Views: 16,282
Topic Options: View Discussion · Sign in or Join to reply
Dead Metal on July 6th, 2013 @ 11:16am CDT
Posted by RhA on July 6th, 2013 @ 11:39am CDT
Posted by Cyberpath on July 6th, 2013 @ 4:37pm CDT
Posted by fenrir72 on July 6th, 2013 @ 5:26pm CDT
Posted by Mkall on July 6th, 2013 @ 5:49pm CDT
Posted by Metrosuplex on July 6th, 2013 @ 6:03pm CDT
Seems like an MP Forty is nigh inevitable...
Posted by Stormrider on July 6th, 2013 @ 7:57pm CDT
Posted by Mykltron on July 7th, 2013 @ 5:16am CDT
Posted by Mykltron on July 7th, 2013 @ 5:16am CDT
Posted by Dead Metal on July 7th, 2013 @ 7:18am CDT
Mykltron wrote:Sorry, I meant 'laying down and taking off the head'.
And flipping up a ramp from his back to cover the hole left by the head
Posted by KNM2012 on July 7th, 2013 @ 9:24pm CDT
Mkall wrote:Cute, but not in my interests.
That's it! You are out off my friends list, and will not get to see who I had met yesterday! (Just kidding. And it was Mr. "Toy Hell" himself, as in the TF collector who appeared on Collection Intervention.)
Posted by El Duque on July 28th, 2013 @ 11:55am CDT_6<<Machinists Raise $299,000 for Guide Dogs of America
This is a cross-post from the Machinists News, a blog focused on news of interest to members of the Machinists District Lodge 751.
Machinists District Lodge 751 raised nearly $299,000 for Guide Dogs of America in 2012.
District President Tom Wroblewski presented the California-based charity with a check for $298,949.66 at the annual Guide Dogs Banquet on Nov. 17 in Las Vegas.
That’s a record one-year fundraising total for District 751, which is Guide Dogs of America’s top fundraiser, a golf tournament, a fun run, a car show, a drag-racing event, a horseshoes tournament, a motorcycle poker run and prize drawings.
Wroblewski.
Become a fan of IAM District 751 on Facebook.
Watch "IAM's Guide Dogs of America Changes Lives" on YouTube.Officials target Medicaid fraud, stand against expansion
By Peggy Fikac : January 16, 2013 : Updated: January 17, 2013 12:39am
More Information
Slideshow: Issues and people to watch in the 83rd Texas Legislature
AUSTIN — Top statewide officials are standing firm against expanding Medicaid in Texas as budget experts recommend counties use local revenue to draw down Medicaid dollars for newly eligible adults under the federal health care law.
Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst said Wednesday the statewide expansion idea is off the table “at the present time.”
He said he didn't endorse the county option recommended by the Legislative Budget Board, which cited the proposal as a way to help relieve counties' cost of charity care.
Instead, Dewhurst focused on targeting fraud and improving the quality of care within the state's $30 billion Medicaid program.
In various forms, Medicaid fraud totaled more than $6 billion in Texas between 2004 and 2011. so many people should be getting it, but aren't,” she said.
Moorhead said that includes more than 1 million children who.
In an expansion, the federal government would pick up all of the cost of expanding services for the first three years. States after that would pick up an increasing share, capped at 10 percent.
The Health and Human Services Commission estimates,” Perry spokeswoman Lucy Nashed said. That goes for counties as well.
“Any change would require state approval, which counties would be hard pressed to receive from our principled, conservative leadership,” Nashed said.
Local officials said their first choice would be for the state to provide a uniform program across Texas and ensure a funding source while relieving them of some of their costs of uncompensated care.
George B. Hernández Jr., president and chief executive officer of University Health System in San Antonio, said he didn't think counties would be able to get the same favorable match as the state.
“The better approach would be a statewide expansion so we can get the 100-percent federal match” to help the economy and investment in health care, he said.
The Legislative Budget Board assumed the higher match would apply for newly eligible adults with a county-based expansion.
If counties were to expand, local officials said it would be important for private hospitals to contribute, not just leave the cost to local taxpayers.
“By far the best method is to institute a statewide expanded Medicaid program and accept the federal dollars,” said Bexar County Judge Nelson Wolff. If it were left to counties, he said, “if private hospitals participated along with us in sharing the cost, we think that plan would work.”
pfikac@express-news.net
Terri.Langford@chron.com
Twitter: @pfikacZALA has launched their newly designed website theme to integrate multi-media into the core of the user experience.
— Hair extensions are a great way to get a full fall of luscious hair after styling, cutting and more styling can leave it shorter, thinner and looking a little under the weather. Unfortunately, many hair extensions fall into one of two categories- cheap looking or super expensive. Thankfully ZALA clip in hair extensions offer the highest quality hair extensions at the best price, but that is only one reason for their success. A recent redesign of their front-end website has put the customer at the centre of their world, responsible for promoting the product to other customers.
Among the new features are embedded video testimonials and how-to’s for using ZALA clip in hair extensions, which include information on the products used in the video and how to purchase them. There is also an instagram and Twitter live feed so individuals can show off their use of the extensions on the ZALA homepage using the hashtag #zalahairextensions.
The site also uses a dynamic content gallery to headline their most important features, including an expert colour matching service, before and after shots of the products in use, and promotions for their expanding range of hair extension accessories.
A spokesperson for ZALA explained, “The new website design allows us to put our customers first in more ways than ever before, making ZALA feel increasingly like a community and less like a top-down business. By featuring our users on our home page talking about the product, posing with the product and including information on the range and variability of the product, we allow the customer base to define us and in doing so, the brand gains strength and reach. We want the ZALA website to feel as much a seamless extension of a user’s life as our products are seamless extensions of their hair.”
About ZALA:
ZALA hair extensions are the leading brand of clip-in hair extensions. ZALA sells high quality human hair products that can be treated just like the user’s own hair. ZALA sells lengths from 14 to 30 inches and over 27 shades, including popular ombre and balayage sets. With the thickest sets in the hair extension market and the highest quality hair, ZALA's reputation for quality is unmatched, and they have quickly become the market leader.
For more information about us, please visit
Contact Info:
Name: Lauren M
Organization: ZALA HAIR EXTENSIONS
Phone: (+61) 1300 884 917
Source:
Release ID: 39351IDAHO STATE POLICE NEWS RELEASE - generated by our News Release ListServer
DO NOT REPLY
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Idaho State Police
District 6 1540 Foote Dr.
Idaho Falls, Idaho 83402-1828
(208) 525-7377 FAX: (208) 525-7294
For Immediate Release: 1-28-2013 4:20pm
Please direct questions to the District Office
On January 28, 2013, at 10:24AM, Idaho State Police investigated a two vehicle crash on Interstate 15 at 115, just south of the Sunnyside Exit. Tamra Wyatt, 54, of Townsend, Montana, was driving northbound on Interstate 15 in her black 2007 GMC Sierra behind a semi truck. The semi slowed down with traffic and Wyatt was unable to react in time. Wyatt rear ended the semi causing her vehicle to rotate and come to rest blocking both northbound lanes. Both the driver and the passenger were wearing their seatbelts. Portions of the northbound interstate were closed while crews worked to remove the vehicles.
-------------Aug 8, 2011 REVIEW: Hello Kitty Must Die by Angela Choi C Reviews Asian-American, Contemporary, revenge-plot, Satire Dear Ms. Choi: I had been wanting to read Hello Kitty Must Die for a while, and when I found out it was free at the Amazon Kindle store, I enthusiastically acquired and read it. In some ways, it was… moreSoaps Boards
::
All My Children Forum
::
Fan Fiction By Patti G Episode #25
Please register and
login to be able to post in this message board.
FAN…
It seems Griffin and Zoey are getting to know each other but I love that Griffin is getting to know Zach's little sister Zoey but Zoey she is still trying to adjust to her new life of being a Cambias which I am sure can't be easy for her but if she has her family there for her helping her through it as well as Griffin helping her out then I am sure she will be fine but I couldn't help but see the chemistry between Zoey and Griffin, definite chemistry there if I do say so myself I wonder if Ellie's mother is someone from Pine Valley's past because if she is...then I wonder just whose daughter Ellie really is? But how about Ellie's father? That is the bigger mystery now isn't it? Reggie and Cassandra definitely have chemistry if you ask me, and if there is an African-American supercouple that you could definitely build up or at least have a slow build towards it is definitely them because Reggie reminds me so much of a young Jesse and Cassandra reminds me so much of a young Angie, so many similarities And Krystal needs to tell her family about her illness and fast before they find out some other way
I think Kendall will wake up soon enough if she hasn't already and if she has woken up then she is most likely faking her coma but I don't get why Kendall would do that, why she would put her loved ones through that especially if she's awake and she could let them know But Zoey being here for her family while trying to adjust to this new family, it's admirable on her part because Zach he has never had a sister before and Zoey being an only child she has never had any siblings so it would be great to see her and Zach's brother-sister relationship touched upon more in the sense that they do bond with each other more And Zoey she has her brother's step-son her step-nephew Spike Ryan & Kendall's son to look after, but also her nephew Zach & Kendall's son Ian and her niece Zach & Kendall's daughter Amelia to look after considering their mother is in a coma or she's pretending to be, and their father Zach isn't always around all the time so the kids have no one else to depend on well actually that's not true because they have Kendall's sister their Aunt Bianca But in any event since Halloween is coming up, I wonder what you have planned in terms of your Halloween episode of your Fan Fiction series considering Halloween is the time for murder and mayhem on soaps, so I wonder if someone is going to die or come pretty close to dying? And considering Halloween is coming up soon I wonder if you will have the kids trick or treating or in Halloween costumes? How about the grown-ups in town? I wonder if there will be a costume party somewhere in town and if there is...then I definitely suggest Wildwind the Cortlandt Mansion or the Chandler Mansion
For the Thanksgiving episode of your Fan Fiction series I wonder if you have anything planned as far as your Thanksgiving episode goes? Just who will be spending Thanksgiving with whom? Which families will be celebrating the holiday together? But also wondering if we will see any returns for Thanksgiving?
A.J. I wonder if he still lives with his mother Marissa because if he does then why not have a teenage A.J. move into the Chandler Mansion? Who even lives at the Chandler Mansion now? I'm sure A.J.'s grandfather Adam and A.J.'s step-grandmother Brooke live there so if they do why not just have A.J. move in with them? Adam and Brooke could always use having more people at the mansion they have a lot of space and not to mention the mansion is practically empty since Adam and Brooke it is just the 2 of them If Adam's grandson A.J. were to move in then it would be perfect considering Adam's children are so far away, his son J.R. is not around, his daughter Colby is not around either, his other daughter Hayley she's not around, and Adam he has another son out there if I'm not mistaken...his son Miguel Reyes Chandler, Miguel is not around either And Adam's nephew Stuart's son Scott he isn't around either And it would be nice if A.J. started to take an interest in his family company of Chandler Enterprises, have A.J. follow in his grandfather and father's footsteps by having A.J. take an interest in Chandler A.J. can become an intern at Chandler learning from the very best learning the business from the ground up
Your comments are s always spot on. You are going to enjoy the new episodes and stories.
I can assure you that Kendall is not faking her coma. Things are going to be interesting when she does wake up and her reaction to Zoey ad Zoey's presence in their lives. As for a Halloween episode I don't think so as that is a holiday that is very visual and better suited to the screen.
nothing planned right now.
I mentioned in an earlier episode that AJ asked JR to move back into mansion
But I do hope that there is a Christmas episode of your fan fiction series because I wonder for Christmas just who will spend Christmas with whom and which families will celebrate Christmas together since Christmas is such a grand-scale holiday
Please register and
login to be able to
post in this message board.
« Go back to topic listOur Lady of Weight Loss‘s cousin, the patron saint of strikes and spares, wants you to know that BOWLING BURNS calories and it is big fun. In fact, so much fun and fabulous, Jon Hamm and his Mad Men […]
Advertisement
Our Lady of Weight Loss‘s cousin, the patron saint of strikes and spares, wants you to know that BOWLING BURNS calories and it is big fun. In fact, so much fun and fabulous, Jon Hamm and his Mad Men […]
Advertisement
SLOW COOKER TIME! This Dysfunctional Chef loves her slow cooker rotisserie chicken, for a variety of reasons. 1. It’s really hard to ‘mess it up.’ 2. One-pot clean-up is a dream. 3. The chicken is tender, moist and guaranteed to fall […]
Advertisement
In celebration of Poem In Your Pocket Day (Thursday, April 26), I have pulled together quotes about poetry that are sure to inspire a poem – or – at the very least, give a poetic feel to your day. And […]
Advertisement […]
When I first heard that 420 was National Weed Day, I thought that meant that we’d all hit our respective gardens and weed. But no! It has to do with Marijuana! I thought a ‘feel good’ recipe that includes and […]
Today’s PLAY and LOSE Weight Loss JigSaw Puzzle, “Grow Your Own,” was inspired by coffee!!! The drink, the berries, the beans, and the flowering plant. Did you know that coffee berries contain the seeds and that they are produced by […]
I was perusing my recipe files, looking for something that is both Our Lady of Weight Loss approved and classifies as comfort food, which brought me straight to my infamous 100 Calorie Pancake Recipe! Fantastic for a Sunday brunch. […]In huge building to the left a dude in seventh grade had an album with poop on the cover. Sex Pistols, I think. Anyway, it scared me. Years later, Johnny Rotten threw a piece of ice at my head.
There’s L’Absinthe, which used to be Le Comptoir where I saw Claus Von Bulow. Got my bike tires pumped up there. That’s an attractive woman in the sushi place even though she makes me think of the Sigourney Weaver–narrated documentary about monkeys I just watched. (Don’t know this yet but several days later the chimp in Connecticut will go on his rampage. Maybe I’m clairvoyant.)
Sixty-eighth to 71st is grim and hideous. Took a French class there circa ’92. No idea why. Ran into a young socialite here and told her to touch my face ’cause I’d just had an invigorating shave at Paul Mole and she recoiled in horror. Since then I think I’ve lost that bounce in my step.
Threw soggies off that roof, where I lived for many years. Sailed ’em down onto taxis and did my best to avoid hitting old ladies. It was the ’70s. Had shopping bags full of them. Guy in penthouse caught us, yelled “Hey!” and we bolted. On way down stairwell we came upon a hundred or so Playboys, scooped them all up into the bags and while divvying them up in my bedroom, doorbell rang. It was the super, holding a Nerf ball with my name on it. Co-conspirator left it on the roof.
Seventy-second Street: Ouch. Plimpton’s place down there. Used to mow his lawn in Sagaponack. Didn’t get the internship at Paris Review, screwed up the interview. Who are your favorite poets? I don’t know, how about you name one? Wallace Stevens.
Updike died at 76, too. Even if it’s excruciating, think I’d rather do a six-month fade out die than in my sleep. There will be tons of Demerol and TV and food and people making a big fuss over me. Always loved attention. Been famous-ish since age 3. When you’re hot, you’re hot, when you’re not, you’re not, when you’re sitting on the pot you gotta give it all you got.
Seventy-third Street. The Somerset. Went to school with a guy whose dad played the white guy on The Jeffersons. Saw him at Russian Tea Room. One time I was there with Mom and a guy came up to our table and said, “I have to tell you, your son eats beautifully.”
KFC makes me think Engelberg sitting on the pot in Bad News Bears sequel. Look, another Equinox, another Brother Jimmy’s, and Pain Quotidiens on every block. Need to sit down, take a breather. Wait, what’s this? Bounce is a restaurant and a sports lounge? Well, that clinches it: New York City is still the cultural center of the universe.
Seventy-seventh Street: Wow, the street life of York Avenue sucks donkey balls! Cultural wasteland. Spoke too soon, there’s a Dunkin’ Donuts. Look, a Chinese and Japanese cuisine restaurant and free wine! Oh, “with dinner.” In case any winos get bright ideas.
Eighty-fifth Street: Angry middle-aged white guy outside Bailey’s pub. Didn’t make the right decisions early on. Thought he could be a ski bum and the ’70s would last forever. And now all you can do is scowl at me. I can relate. Seriously, would it have been that big a deal for me to get absolutely everything I ever wanted?
Not sure Vanilla is best of all possible names for a hair and spa place.Beginner Triathlete - From the Pro's articles
Becoming a Professional Triathlete
VIDEO Going Long – Josh Cox, Ryan Hall, Dean Karnazes
VIDEO: Enduring Women – Kara Goucher, Mirinda Carfrae, Chrissie Wellington and Rebecca Rusch
Race Director Series #1: HITS
BT Members Interview Tim DeBoom, Pro Triathlete
The Rise of Mark Allen
I Resolve...
A Day in the Life
Lessons Learned
Not a crisis
Beginnertriathlete.com Members Chat with Professional Triathlete Hillary Biscay
"Luke, Take the Mattresses Off"
Maturity
Complete Readiness
Show Per Page
Being a Pro: What Does It All Mean?Thursday, December 21, 2006
Smart Cards Everywhere?
One of my clients wants to know if it's possible to implement something like the DoD Common Access Card (CAC, not "CAC card") in a commercial setting. In other words, you use a single card for building access, PC access, etc. Is anyone using something like that in their organization?
Posted by Richard Bejtlich at 14:59
8 comments:
How is the CAC smartcard functionality used these days? Email signing and encryption? Web authentication? The card is only used with unclassified systems, right?
Yes. The CAC is used for signing on, email signing and encryption, web authentication, basically anything that can be done, or is done with a certificate.
It's only being used in NIPR (Unclassified) systems. It has a magnetic strip on the back that is blank, and can be coded for swipe doors at whatever location you are currently working at.. (problem is, most DOD facilities have proximity cards).
Could this be implemented in a commercial setting? Yes. But at what cost? What what expense? What do you gain out of it? When I worked for DOD, all I got out of the deal was a headache... implementation, it became our ID, which.. only SOME people accepted (like, the gate guards on post wanted our Drivers License sometimes -- grrrr) going to get a new one every three years, using it for sign-on, using it to get in the building. Here's the kicker. Say you left it in your computer at night, your computer would screensaver lock after a while, no problem.. but you couldn't get back in the building the next day!
Annoying is the key. I never liked it. The Email signing and authentication never worked across all platforms with ease. Doesn't work with ALL email clients. (and IMO, trying to say something like "well everyone MUST use OUTLOOK" is not an answer, it's a 'way out'.) Ours didn't work with sign on to the network. The only feature about the CAC that I DID like, is when I walked away from my computer, I took the CAC out of the reader, and viola... my computer locked.
That was about it. Now. You know whats kinda cool (but involves us going back to terminals), is Sun's (yes Sun Microsystems, as much as I hate Sun...) card that you can carry from machine to machine and wherever you plug it in.. you can call up YOUR desktop. That's a descent idea. However, no one likes dummy terminals. I digress.
Could it be done? Yes. Is it worth it? No. Not in my opinion.
I heard that Microsoft moved to this some years ago for their employees. My understanding is that their roleout took weeks, not decades like the federal government.
Honestly, I use the CAC daily and it hasn't been the annoyance that Joel describes. Email encryption and signing work well, and as long as you don't forget your CAC, you can go about your business just fine. The problem of 'not being able to get into your building the next day' has been felt by everyone working at a secure facility when you forget your badge. This is not a valid reason not to implement it. At it's most fundamental, this enables digital signing and encryption for all; not too shabby for 'non-repudiation', 'integrity', and 'confidentiality'.
As for the 'Outlook' for everyone.. well, it *is* the baseline. It may not be the email application of your choice (or mine, personally) but it is what the enterprise has subscribed to. If your organization chooses to use something different as compared to the enterprise as a whole, it's left to you to mitigate/correct any implementation details, including making the CAC work.
If 'everyone uses Outlook' is a 'way out' instead of a solution, then how do you propose to patch manage and configuration manage at an enterprise level, when you can't even keep a standard set of applications on your systems?
The rollout could've been a little faster though, that's for sure. :)
I worked at a client site a couple of years ago that implemented a combined photo id/proximity card/smart card for a couple thousand employees and with the implementation being completed fairly well.
As far as its use, it was accepted well. Upon removal of the card from the reader, the PC automatically locked which was a nice feature. As previously noted, someone could walk away from the PC, exit a floor or building, and then have no way of gaining entry. This is a human process and procedure issue. Depending on the required security, the card could be required to exit a door or building, thus forcing the user to ensure s/he took the card with them.
I don't feel the issue about needing to support multiple email clients is that big an issue as most enterprises are going to standardise on a single email client as part of their SOE.
Speaking of Sun Microsystems -- I worked there until recently and we had a badge which consolidated mag stripe, proximity, and a Java smart card into a single photo ID.
Unfortunately, after years of promises the PKI never arrived to do anything useful with the "smart" card. It was just a token for building access, SunRays, etc.
The hotdesking was pretty cool, but it came with the "left the badge in the SunRay, can't get into the building" feature.
Apparently people don't share my complaint.
I just thought the CAC in DOD was more of a hassle than it was worth. People were supposed to be signing and encrypting email by 2003 i mean.. 2004. Or.. 2005. Wait..
It just seemed like a waste of money when it could have been done easier.
I use something very similar at my organization from Aladdin.
It works very well and was fairly easy to setup and administer. Integrates well with AD also.Archived Story
TES Pre-K program readies for new children to enrollPublished 11:00pm Friday, March 22, 2013
Thirty-two Troy children will already be familiar with iPads, colors, sight reading and other skills when they enter Kindergarten next school year.
That’s thanks to the pre-Kindergarten program for 4-year-olds at Troy Elementary School.
“I am amazed at the progress and transformation since August,” said TES Assistant Principal Teresa Sims. “It’s just been a joy to watch.”
As part of their time enrolled in the first year of the TES program, children have learned the basics of sign language, met local community leaders and emergency responders, spent time with Troy University students, and even learned a little Spanish.
“They are ready,” Sims said. “These children will have a very strong foundation for Kindergarten.”
TES Principal Juan Henderson said the school uses a combination of academics and creative play to enhance the learning process.
“We have figured out ways to get these children early exposure to so many skills, and it is fun for them,” Henderson said, giving credit to the three K-4 teachers who worked with the children this year – Aundrea Poole, Katie Miller and Toni Branson.
Since the Pre-K program is not funded by the state. The school system charges $440 per month for a child to attend. That includes the day from 7:10 a.m. to 2:50 p.m. and parents can extend pick-up times to 5:30 p.m. Tuition also includes breakfast, lunch and afternoon snack for the children.
“This was a major step by Superintendent [Lee] Hicks and the Board of Education,” Henderson Said. “And it is working.”
While there are three teachers and 32 students this year, there is space for three more teachers and about 100 students to take part in the K-4 program at TES.
Parents who are interested in enrolling their 4-year-olds to begin school next August are invited to attend an open house on either April 1 or April 2 from 5 to 7 p.m.
If parents cannot make it to one of those sessions, others will be held during the summer, or a quick call to the school can schedule a daytime tour.
“This program has been good for us, locally,” Henderson said. “Research shows that early exposure to learning programs can help students excel.”
Henderson said TES is looking at how to make the program even better in its second year.José Uribe
From BR Bullpen
José Altagracia Gonzalez Uribe
played as José Gonzalez (1981-1984)
- Bats Both, Throws Right
- Height 5' 10", Weight 165 lb.
- Debut September 13, 1984
- Final Game October 3, 1993
- Born January 21, 1959 in San Cristobal, San Cristobal, D.R.
- Died December 8, 2006 in Santo Domingo, D.R.
[edit] Biographical Information
Shortstop José Uribe played 10 seasons in the majors and was a regular for the San Francisco Giants from 1985 to 1991. His best season came in 1987, when he hit .291 with 5 home runs. He was the uncle of Juan Uribe.
Jose played in the minors under the name Jose Gonzalez because Gonzalez was his father's last name. Hispanics frequently identify themselves by both their father's and their mother's family, and hence the name Uribe, which was his mother's family name. When Jose broke into the majors, he decided that it would be better to be known as Jose Uribe, because Jose Gonzalez was too common a name - in fact a young outfielder for the Dodgers had the same name.
His name became the punchline to a joke about baseball trades at the time: Who was the player to be named later? Jose Uribe.
[edit] 1977-1984: Minor league career
Uribe was signed by the New York Yankees in 1977 but spent the year on the disabled list and was released the same year. Three years later, he was signed by the St. Louis Cardinals. Making his professional debut at 22, he hit .268 for the 1981 St. Petersburg Cardinals, starting off at high class A. In 1982, he batted .247 for the Arkansas Travelers and .357 for the Louisville Redbirds in limited action in his AAA debut.
José hit .284/~.341/.378 the 1983 Redbirds and stole 26 bases in 36 tries. He led the American Association with 14 sacrifice hits, though his 33 errors led league shortstops. Ozzie Smith held down short in St. Louis so Uribe got no chance in the majors. Back in Louisville in 1984, his batting line read .279/~.317/.347. He again led AA shortstops in errors (32) but also in assists (455, 82 more than the next player), putouts (233) and double plays (96), giving him the lead in fielding percentage (.956). He made the league's All-Star team at shortstop. Uribe then went 4 for 19 in a September call-up. As the Cardinals did not need him at shortstop with the Wizard of Ahs there, they dealt him with David Green, Dave LaPoint and Gary Rajsich to the San Francisco Giants for Jack Clark, a key performer in the Cards' 1985 success.
[edit] 1985-1992: With the Giants
José Uribe became San Francisco's starting shortstop right away and hit .237/.285/.315 his first year (1985), followed by a .223/.315/.280 season. In 1986, he was one double play behind NL co-leaders Smith and Shawon Dunston. He had career highs of 43 RBI, 22 steals (in 33 attempts) and 61 walks, aided by 19 intentional walks (4th in the 1986 NL) thanks to his batting right in front of the pitcher. With the 1987 Giants, Uribe had his best year (.291/.343/.424, 12 for 14 in SB, and a career-high five home runs). He went 7 for 26 in the 1987 NLCS, which the Giants dropped in seven games. The next season, 1988, the 29-year-old batted .252/.301/.318 but set a career high with 47 runs scored. His most famous run though was one that was not counted. On September 23, the Giants played the Dodgers and Orel Hershiser, who was closing in on Don Drysdale's consecutive scoreless inning record. Uribe led off the third inning with a single and pitcher Atlee Hammaker laid down a bunt single. Brett Butler hit into a force out at second, Uribe taking third. Ernest Riles grounded to Steve Sax, who threw to Alfredo Griffin for one; José crossed home and the throw to first did not get Riles in time. The scoreless inning streak would seem to be over with Uribe getting the credit - but instead umpire Paul Runge said Butler caused interference and it was a double play, ending the inning without Uribe's run counting. Hershiser said that at the time, he thought to himself "Well, the streak is gone."
Uribe slumped to .221/.273/.280 for the 1989 Giants though he was the starting shortstop for a World Series-bound club that year. Uribe's 436 assists were second among NL shortstops to Ozzie Smith. He hit 4 for 17 with a double and a walk in the 1989 NLCS and then was 1 for 5 with a run in the earthquake Series.
His offensive performance did not rebound much in 1990 as he only hit .248/.297/.304. He was out for about a month in 1991 due to injury and made a couple rehabilitation appearances in the minors. He batted .221/.283/.303 with San Francisco.
In 1992, José produced at a .241/.299/.346 clip and Royce Clayton took over as the starting shortstop.
[edit] 1993: Houston
Uribe moved to the 1993 Astros as a free agent. Used primarily as a defensive substitute for Andujar Cedeno, he only started 13 of the 45 games in which he played. He hit .245/.355/.264 and fielded only .944.
[edit] Statistics
Overall, José had hit .241/.300/.314 in the majors with 74 steals in 120 tries. His contact and OBP skills were typical for a shortstop of the era while his power was low even by those standards. He had served about 7 years as a major league starter, though, and spent about a decade in the majors altogether.
[edit] Post-playing career
After his playing career ended, Uribe returned to his hometown in the Dominican Republic and owned a hardware store and other businesses. He had at least 14 children and was married twice. In 2006, he unsuccessfully ran for mayor of the town. Later that year, he tragically died after crashing his sport utility vehicle; he was not wearing a seatbelt at the time. Vladimir Guerrero led thousands of mourners through the streets of Uribe's hometown.
Sources include 1984-85 and 1989 Baseball GuidesTHESE results from August 5 2014 represent the outcome of the annual competition for the Claret Jug and Doughty Bowl.
1st Noelle Bond and Dave Thomas 61.90%
2nd Jane Brook and Ken Hannah 57.74%
3rd Dave Reed and Mike Close 57.14%
Jane Brook and Ken Hannah won on handicap.
The winners of the Claret Jug and its cash prize of £20, presented by the East Wales Bridge association, were the scratch winners Noelle Bond and Dave Thomas.
New members are always welcome at Barrivale. If you would like to join us ring 01446 418380 or 01446 733425 or call at the Pioneer Hall, Beryl Road, Barry on Tuesdays at 7pm.?
I would think the greater benefit would be not to increase funding for IVF but to increase funding for treating alcoholism and eating disorders. Even if infertility is the cause of their problems, people suffer from mental health issues for a variety of reasons, and increasing funding for treatment would help more people across the board.
I have to wonder, too, whether these mental health problems are specific to infertility or would apply to any major loss a person had no control over.
Monica, have you ever suffered from infertility? Based on your comment I would hazard to guess not. The greater benefit is to help these women who so desperately want to have a baby, have a baby. This is a specific feeling of loss, SPECIFIC. I do know as I suffered/suffer from infertility.
It is just one of those things that if you haven’t gone through it you just don’t understand how it feels. All you need to say, is “I’m sorry you are hurting, I’m here if you need anything.” Anything more is asking to be insensitive. Even if you mean well.
I think the point of increasing IVF funding or funding for recognition and research for infertility in general is to work towards treating to underlying issue for these women, in particular where such treatment options are lacking. I don’t think the implication is that you don’t treat or research treatment for other disorders. Certainly there are many life experiences that predispose people to other mental issues or substance abuse, but the point here was to explore the effect of infertility.
I’ve dealt with infertility for the past 5 years, but would consider myself one of the lucky ones. For many women who struggle with this, there is a lack of finality about your condition that makes it almost impossible to make any peace with it. You may always be one miracle treatment away or one freak successful month away from a child. And on the other hand, you may also be spending years of time, money and energy just to wind up right where you started. I think this study is sad, but no surprising in the least. Infertility informs how you see the world, take baby news from a friend or get through family gatherings. And most of the time, even people who are sympathetic to you haven’t the slightest idea what you are going through. For what I believe are understandable reasons, it’s often very hard for women to reach out to others about this as well–I never wanted people to know we were struggling to get pregnant, because then I knew every time I saw them or talked to them, they would be wondering if we’d done it yet or not. You can work to deal with it in the best way possible, but for many there isn’t ever a solution.
I’m sorry, but part of me wants to say “duh!!!!”…. Science has a way of proving the bloody obvious that never ceases to amaze me. Money goes to prove that people with high self esteem find better jobs; money goes to prove that there’s a link between unemployment and depression… It’s annoying, really. I thought science answered things that AREN’T commonsensical…
How could one NOT turn to alcohol ? That’s what alcohol is for, ain’t it?! First it’s the remedy, then the poison, blah blah… But until one has digested and find a way around or through one’s pain, I think it’s perfectly reasonable to want to self destroy; and I find the company of people who can’t relate to depression very dangerous…. Substances exist because certain parts of the human experience are absolutely unpalatable…
Maybe soon research funds will prove: “Research has shown that students who graduate without any school loans feel better about life than those who graduate owing 100 000 dollars.”……
The funding issue, however, reveals the interesting ambivalence: 1) Call it a disease, and you get stigma AND funding. 2) DOn’t call it a disease, and you lose the stigma – and the funding… That’s a very intriguing knot.
This article hit a nerve in me. It was well written. I believe infertility should be looked at in DEPTH! It should be supported. I’ve suffered from 6 miscarriages, no live births to date, and for those that have no fertility issues, you have NO IDEA what the repercussions are. They stick with you.. they don’t just dissapear. Your longing, your fears, your sadness,hateful feelings, insecure feelings, it is said that it will last a womens whole lifetime, and never go away, it just lessens in severity. So the things in this article don’t surprise me one bit. I just wish it wasn’t such a silent “disease” or “illness”.. it can be very lonely.
While I’m sure infertility is very painful, this study, at least as presented here, is a stunning example of bad science. Infertility might increase the rate of mental health problems, but it’s also possible that a developing mental health condition is contributing to the treatment failure, or that both the infertility and the mental health issues are caused by some underlying factor. In the information given here, there is no evidence favoring the first explanation over the others. In fact, if anything, I find it favors one of the other possibilities!
Every mental health diagnosis studied is influenced by both physical factors and life experiences. However, those linked with failed treatment (alcoholism, substance abuse, schizophrenia, and eating disorders) are believed to be primarily physical, while the sole disorder linked to successful treatment is the one most strongly influenced by life experiences. If infertility were truly causing mental illness, I would expect depression to be more elevated than any of the other illnesses in the failed treatment group. Certainly, it shouldn’t be lower!
Of course, there is yet another explanation. Since this study was based only on patients who were hospitalized, I have to wonder whether that skewed the results. I suspect a parent is less likely to be hospitalized than a non-parent with an equivalent level of pathology…except possibly in the case of PPD, which is a highly-publicized type of depression that is aggressively screened for.
Overall? Interesting information, but the conclusions aren’t supported by the results described here.
@ Laura – the number of assumptions you make is rather frightening. Perhaps I didn’t read you correctly, but the article mentions “impact on mental health” from which you conclude “mental illness”… An “impact” does not “mental illness” make… It’s like stages of mourning after death, impact yes, mental illness no. If you are indeed calling alcoholism, eating disorders and schizophrenia “physical problems”, I’m very very very confused…. The mind/body dichotomy needs some reviewing here… And your “while I’m sure infertility is very painful” is somewhat cavalier… a bit like “Sorry to hear you lost family in the camps… that sucks!”….Perplexed indeed.
Not to mention the association of alcoholism with mental illness.
Nancy, I hate to say it but not everyone turns to alcohol. “How could you not?” No matter what life throws at me nothing could lead me personally to drink. I don’t like the stuff in the first place why would I go there when I’m upset? Don’t lump everyone into the same category and don’t make those who don’t turn to alcohol feel like there grief isnt as bad because they werent driven to the bottle.
@ Anon – Here Here. We don’t ALL turn to alcohol. I have suffered through FOUR losses and thankfully I came out of it with 2 beautiful daughters. However, never ONCE did I turn to drugs and/or alcohol. I cried and cried and I leaned on my family for support. But everyone copes with things differently so we need to be careful about assumptions.
@ Anon & Denise
You’re reading far more into my comment than necessary. “How could one not?” is simply a way of saying that I find it perfectly reasonable to desperately want to run away from pain. It’s human.
And surely you will agree, “anon”, that nothing I said has anything to do with your feeling belittled because you don’t drink, since I don’t think that.
But, regrettably, as is so often the case, comments end up being self referential, and often self congratulating.
@Laura
Your argument is pretty much a thinly veiled version of the insult that those of us who are infertile are somehow not meant to have children, or are inferior/more damaged than people who do manage to have babies.
In reality, tons of completely screwed up people manage to give birth and tons of otherwise perfect people don’t. That’s part of the pain. You get to sit at home, wondering if that half glass of wine or that extra 5 lbs is all that’s keeping you from being “worthy” of conception, while knowing that somehow there’s someone at this exact moment who has some absolutely crippling addiction/mental problem/weight issue and who has managed to get pregnant by mistake.
So until you have even an inkling how this feels, you might want to avoid displaying your ignorance in such spectacular and hurtful ways.
Nancy, alcoholism (as opposed to normal social drinking) IS a mental illness. So are substance abuse, schizophrenia, and eating disorders–check the DSM. If you’re not in the medical field, you may not be familiar with it, I guess. The DSM (Diagnostic Standards Manual) is the book that lists the official symptoms of each recognized mental illness. It’s used by health professionals, insurance companies, and in court. It gets updated periodically, as more is learned, but all of those conditions have been included for a long time. Legally and medically, they are mental illnesses.
To be counted in this study as having one of these conditions, the patient had to be hospitalized for it! That indicates significant pathology. In other words, none of these were mild cases. Even in Europe, where inpatient care is more available than in the U.S., they don’t hospitalize people for normal mourning. And no, normal, healthy people don’t turn to alcohol to deal with their grief. (And none of the above statements are assumptions. I can provide citations, if you like, but I think that might be a little much for this venue.)
As for the mental/physical comment, I’m sorry you found it confusing. I do tend to put things scientifically; it’s my background, and it can be confusing if it’s not your field. The point I was trying to make is that it is well established that alcoholism, substance abuse, schizophrenia, and eating disorders all have a strong genetic and physical basis. While your experiences do play a role in the development of those conditions, your genes and prenatal environment are huge factors. In the case of schizophrenia, at least, so is exposure to certain illnesses. Depression, on the other hand, has a weaker link to genetics, and is very much influenced by your experiences. If infertility were really causing mental illness, one would expect to see a big increase in the condition known to be most influenced by experience. Instead, the study found lower rates!
I certainly did not mean to minimize the impact of infertility by acknowledging that it must be painful! (How backwards would that be? It doesn’t even make sense.) I would understand your offense if I had followed it with “but you need to get over it” or some similar garbage. However, I didn’t! I was simply giving a critical analysis of a scientific study–which is the major subject of this post. Would you have preferred that I ignore the emotional impact entirely? Or that I pretend to fully understand, when I can’t? I met the technical definition of infertility before I got pregnant with my first, but that’s nothing compared to the women in this study. In the end, all I can honestly say about the emotional experience is that I’m sure it is painful.
However, the fact that I haven’t experienced it does not impair my ability to reason based on the data, and the results reported simply do not support the conclusion described. The study shows that women whose infertility treatment failed have higher rates of hospitalization for alcoholism, substance abuse, schizophrenic symptoms, and eating disorders. However, based on what is described here, it does not prove that those higher rates are BECAUSE OF the failure of the treatments. I’d be interested to see follow-up studies that might be able to make that distinction.
@Gith – you’re totally right.
However:
There’s something slightly off in the other side of what you’re saying….
Because, to be honest, some women could stand losing 20 pounds, have overcome “crippling addictions”, and still sometimes grapple with addiction and YET they did not “get pregnant by mistake”…
Nature’s random and unjust distribution of “the bounty” shouldn’t really give you the right to judge whether they’re less “perfect” than you …
People who mistreat their children are those who don’t deserve them.
Not “imperfect” people.
The only relevant thing EVER is how one loves.
This is why the film “Sam I am Sam” is so brilliant. Because no matter how imperfect that father is “objectively”, he’s the father that little girl loves – and he loves her WELL, “well enough”.
One can struggle with depression AND be a good mother – a “good enough mother” as Erikson would say.
Gith, not at all, and I’m sorry it came across that way. I have no idea why any particular person does or does not conceive. And I agree that it’s horribly unfair. There are so many people who would be great parents who struggle to get there, and so many people who are neglectful and abusive who conceive easily. And it’s rotten.
I was not in any way trying to draw conclusions about the value of any potential parent, or to lay blame in any way. I was simply looking at the data as a scientist. It may very well be that the alcoholism, etc., are the result of treatment failure. The thing is, the study doesn’t prove it. It shows a connection, but not the cause, and the only point I was trying to make was that they’re drawing conclusions ahead of their data. They found that there are higher rates of hospitalizations in those circumstances, but they don’t have anything more than a guess as to why. And the guess they’re making isn’t entirely consistent with their data.
By the way, I may not have suffered the level of infertility that some here have, but I absolutely DO know what it’s like to question every choice and blame yourself for things you couldn’t control. I had a heart condition during one of my pregnancies, and had to take a risky medication to control it. It was terrifying, and we still can’t be 100% sure there won’t be long-term effects, though my child is doing well so far. And of course I blame myself. After all, my body let her down, right? All the reasoning in the world can’t erase the guilt. Believe me, I get that, at least.Hi All, We recently went live with our new User Contributions page on trapexit. In doing so, we migrated all user contributions from erlang.org and merged them with the ones on trapexit. The URL is New features include the ability to sort based on date, author, popularity and description. We are using the forum to handle this, allowing users to include instructions, updates and links to repositories in the posts. If you have any applications and libraries to contribute, feel free to add them. Just remember to include * Distribution Licence Type * Attachments with source code * Link to repository and/or documentation If you have any questions, let me know. Regards, Francesco --ORIENT bebece@optonline.net or at 298-8130.
Barbara Christianson
flotilla commander, Southold Flotilla 18-08
PECONIC
He is a disgrace
John Copertino is very accurate when he writes of the president, “He is a disgrace.”
Addressing the United States Air Force Academy’s graduating class President Obama said the United States is now more respected in the world. But he’s leaving a friend in a Pakistani prison, a friend who assured us that the mastermind of 9-11 was who he was and where he was.
Dr. Shakil Afridi was arrested by our so-called friend Pakistan and jailed for 33 years for treason. His trial was kept secret until an article appeared in Newsday.
To harbor the man behind the killing of innocent civilians is an atrocity. To punish the person who helped us by using DNA testing is also an atrocity. And to allow someone to jail a patriot of their country is also an atrocity.
We should be sending an armada to free Dr. Afridi, just as we sent troops to get bin Laden. Who can respect someone who leaves their friend behind to rot in jail?
It’s an another disgrace by President Obama to proclaim we are a respected country. To do so in front of thousands of military personnel who are going to protect our freedom is a show of disrespect for our country.
Joel ReitmanHeat Pipe Heat Exchangers with Double Isolation Layers for Prevention of Interpath Leakage
Award Information
Small Business Information
1046 New Holland Avenue, Lancaster, PA, 17601
Principal Investigator:
DavidSarraf
(717) 295-6059
dave.sarraf@1-ACT.com
(717) 295-6059
dave.sarraf@1-ACT.com
Business Contact:
JonZuo
Business Official
(717) 295-6058
jon.zuo@1-ACT.com
Business Official
(717) 295-6058
jon.zuo@1-ACT.com
Research Institute:
n/a
AbstractCurrent.
* information listed above is at the time of submission.
Not Within Top #500
Coming Undone Wit It
Dem Franchize Boyz
Send "Coming Undone Wit It" Ringtone to Your Cell (ad)
Visit Artist's Official Website
Popular ringtone start times for this song... (mouse over to see times)
Recent ringtone creations using this song...
Coming Undone Wit It 03:00 → 03:25
4 years ago by Brittany F.
Recent app creations...
01:02→01:323 years ago
01:02→01:323 years ago
00:00→00:303 years ago
01:02→01:323 years ago
00:00→00:353 years ago
Lyrics For "Coming Undone Wit It"
Yeah, D-F-B, bitch and Korn in this motherfucker
The collaboration, yeah, yeah
Wait, I'm coming undone
(That's right)
I let my shoulders lean
I...
View more...Today’s improvisation is something of an epic piece. I kept playing, and the song didn’t want to stop until I had played for 22 minutes. I must have been in a trance during the “climax” starting at 14:00. I regained conciousness in the middle of it noticing that I had no idea what chords or rhythm I was playing, simply that my fingers were washing over the keyboard like water. I’m really happy with that section, it sounds like a storm at sea (thus the title).Top-ranked recipe named "Ravioli Salad with Vegetables and Ham"
Try this Ravioli Salad with Vegetables and Ham recipe, or contribute your own. "Pasta" and "Salads" are two tags used to describe Ravioli Salad with Vegetables and Ham.
"I used bags of frozen mixed vegetables and ravioli. Had some leftover ham on hand. The entire dish took only 30 minutes to prepare and was delicious. "- promfh
Combine first 6 ingredients in large bowl and whisk to blend. Rinse ravioli under cold water to cool; drain. Add ravioli, ham, bell pepper, mushrooms and green onions to vinaigrette; toss to coat. Season salad to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and chill at least 30 minutes. (Can be prepared 3 hours ahead; mix occasionally. Let stand at room temperature 30 minutes before serving.) Arrange salad on large platter. Garnish with olives, if desired. Serve, passing Parmesan cheese separately. 4 Servings Bon App?tit March 1995 Tammy Moore-Worthington: Artesia, New Mexico Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by shade
Salad
Ham
Tossed Salad
Get the free BigOven app on your phone.
Quickly find any recipe anywhere!
promfh 6 years agopromfh 6 years agoI used bags of frozen mixed vegetables and ravioli. Had some leftover ham on hand. The entire dish took only 30 minutes to prepare and was delicious.They dropped a 6-3 decision against the New York Rangers and decided to let Derek Stepan get his first NHL goal PLUS a hat trick in his first NHL game. For the record, congratulations Derek! He is only the fourth rookie to ever do that in his first NHL game which is pretty impressive. He capitalized on his chances which the Sabres did not do for most of the night last night. He is now the answer to a trivia question.
Tamara and I made it to the arena rather early and got our magnet schedules (!!!). We then did the usual, watching pregame warm ups and whatnot. The Sabres decided to change the Sabres In Traffic photos around the arena so now I get to see this whenever I get up the stairs:
Moving on.
My brother and mom were at the game too, FUN TIMES. My mom hasn't been to a game in a couple of years, and it's sad she had to see that monstrosity of a game last night. Seriously, they had almost forty (if not over) shots on goal and could only score three. Their power play units need to be shot. Everyone would not skate last night. WHAT GIVES? I understand back to back nights but you can't always use that as an excuse.
I was so angry by the end of the game that I was yelling at Rangers fans to go back to the city. Like, literally screaming it. Also calling the Sabres bastards but I never booed them once since I don't roll like that. Yesterday was just SUCH a sloppy game. I started laughing in the third just because that's all you can do when your favorite team plays like that. I'm pretty sure all of my screaming helped me feel much better though.
For the record, Thomas Vanek has the lowest +/- on this team with a -5. Go figure. Haha, man, I hate life right now.
The Sabres face the Stanley Cup champions tomorrow and I hope that it'll be more exciting in that both teams will score a lot of goals. With the Sabres coming out on top, of course. Someone needs to wreck Patrick Kane's life too, that would be spendid.
Go Sabres.
2 comments:
*protects Kaner* MINE.
I'm nervous about tomorrow's game. We absolutely have to play better than we did yesterday or we'll get wrecked. Either way, it should be a good game, and I'll be reppin' my Hawks but also cheering for the Sabres. People are going to get SO CONFUSED.
:)
I'm sure you won't be the only one repping both. There will probably be several people wearing Kane jerseys at the game tomorrow and be supporting the Sabres.P.
Press Release:
New DiMAGE A2 features ultra-fast operation and high-speed start-up
as well as several professional-type functions
Las Vegas, NV (February 12, 2004) - Konica Minolta introduces the DiMAGE
A2 SLR-type digital camera, a camera that inherits the excellent image
quality and performance of the original DiMAGE A1 while being able to
provide photographers with quality digital photographs comparable to an
SLR camera. The DiMAGE A2 incorporates a high-quality 8-megapixel CCD
and Super Fine Electronic Viewfinder (EVF) outperforming the previous
model's resolution by 4 times to achieve extremely clear VGA-level images
when both shooting and viewing.. In addition, Konica Minolta
has also introduced new remote imaging software for use with the DiMAGE
A2, the new DiMAGE Capture software, for enhanced creative capabilities.
"The new DiMAGE A2 digital camera represents a new generation of
high-end digital camera quality and performance from Konica Minolta,"
said Jon Sienkiewicz, vice president of marketing, Konica Minolta's Camera
Division. "The DiMAGE A2 provides creative digital photographers
with excellent image quality in virtually any photographic situation.
And multiple professional-type functions which fully utilize the camera's
optical and image-processing technologies will please even the most demanding
photographer."
The DiMAGE A2 comes equipped with an 8-megapixel 2/3-inch progressive
primary-color CCD with 8.0 million effective pixels for super-high-resolution,
making even individual hairs or the threads of a suit stand out in sharp
detail. The 7x optical Konica Minolta GT APO lens ensures that light reaches
the CCD sensor with maximum fidelity. Plus, Konica Minolta's CxProcess
II image-processing technology ensures that the colors reproduce just
the way the photographer sees them.
The DiMAGE A2's Super Fine electronic viewfinder (EVF) is sharp and clear
thanks to a high-density display composed of 922,000-pixels, 4 times as
many as the previous model. The EVF has also evolved to make digital photography
even more of a pleasure. Precise focusing is amazingly easy, allowing
the photographer to see the tiniest details in the most realistic colors.
Switching into Smooth Mode provides 60 frames per second, making it a
easy to focus on fast moving subjects.
As in the DiMAGE A1, the new DiMAGE A2 is equipped with an Anti-Shake
function. The camera incorporates CCD shifting technology to minimize
the effect of camera shake up to 800%. Konica Minolta's proprietary Anti-Shake
function delivers a highly effective way to take high-quality images with
hand-held shooting under telephoto and low lighting situations, even when
a relative novice is handling the DiMAGE A2.
The DiMAGE A2's fast f2.8 - f3.5 7x optical zoom lens features an advanced
apochromatic (APO) lens design employing anomalous dispersion (AD) glass
to minimize chromatic aberration at all focal lengths and produce sharp,
contrasty images. With a focal range of 7.2mm to 50.8mm, it is equivalent
to a 28mm to 200mm zoom lens in 35mm format.
Konica Minolta's 3D AF provides seamless subject tracking as it focuses
on moving subjects to capture sharp, high-quality images, even when they
are coming straight toward the camera along the X-, Y-, and Z-axes of
the picture frame. Pressing the shutter release button launches the 3D
Predictive Focus Control, which calculates exactly where the subject will
be and accurately focuses on that point at the time of exposure. The AF
speed outstrips anything in its class for any SLR-type digital camera
with non-interchangeable lens 5x or greater optical zoom.* The 3D AF and
the focus speed combine to give hassle-free focusing.
*As of December 1st, 2003
The DiMAGE A2 also features high-quality movie recording at 544 x 408
pixels with audio at 30 frames per second, a resolution that looks great
even when viewed on a TV screen. And the bundled video editing software
turns users into movie makers.I got a host name is mail1.abc.com at 192.168.10.33
and i set a windows dns poitning mx record and name A record mail1.abc.com 192.168.10.33
my dns of windows locate in 192.168.1.3 which are free to 10 network.
i can proceed installation successfully but after zmcontrol restart it fail
/etc/hosts is 192.168.10.33 mail1.abc.com mail1
my resolv.conf is pointing search abc.com and nameserver 192.168.1.3
but zmconrol status it comes out this error ...? where is input wrong ?
Unable to determine enabled services from ldap.
Unable to determine enabled services. Cache is out of date or doesn't exist., Conference Rooms One and Two combine to fit up to 150 guests, banquet-style.
Room Details
- Seating Capacity
- Banquet 150 Guests
- Boardroom 60 Guests
- Classroom 100 Guests
- Theatre 220 Guests
- U Shape 60 Guests
- Maximum Occupancy
- Up to 220 Guests
- Room Feature
Wireless Internet access, video or teleconferencing facility, high-definition drop-down ceiling projector
- Room Area
- 178 sqm
- Dimensions
- 18.3 x 9.7 m
- Ceiling Height
- 5.6 m
-
- WIFI
-
- Business CentreThere are currently no items in your cart.
A Child Is Born in Bethlehem
By Philip Stopford
Look inside(2) Listen (1)
- Instrument:
Organ Accompaniment sheet music
- Ensemble:
-
- Series:
-
A Child Is Born in Bethlehem composed by Philip Stopford. For Choral, Organ (SATB). Henry Leck Creating Artistry. 8 pages. Published by Hal Leonard (HL.8745637).
An uplifting rhythmic drive and buoyant melody make this accompanied carol a sparkling choice for Christmas and holiday programming.Available separately: SATB and SA. Performance Time: Approx. 2:00.
Buy Together
$11.40
$16.99
A Child Is Born in Bethlehem
with
Folder - Legacy Choral
Buy both for $28.39
Customers Who Bought A Child Is Born in Bethlehem Also Bought:
Tomorrow Shall Be My Dancing Day
$2.25 $2.07
Sussex Carol
$1.70 $1.56
Rejoice, Rejoice
$2.25 $2.07
Lully, Lulla, Lullay
$1.90 $1.75
In the Bleak Midwinter
$1.90 $1.75
Ave Verum
$1.90 $1.75
Once in Royal David's City
$1.80 $1.66
If Ye Love Me
$1.90 $1.75
A Christmas Blessing
$1.90 $1.75
Be Thou My Vision
$1.90 $1.75
Jesus Christ, the Apple Tree
$2.10 $1.93
We Three Kings
$2.25 $2.07
Silent Night
$1.90 $1.75
Ave Maria
$1.90 $1.75
Psalm 63
$2.25 $2.07
Wexford Carol
$1.80 $1.66
Christ the Lord Is Risen Again
$1.85 $1.70
All Things Bright and Beautiful
$1.70 $1.56
To play the media you will need to update yourFlash plugin.
A Child Sheet Music Organ Accompaniment Sheet Music
Ensemble: 4-Part Music SATB Music
Genre: Christian Sheet Music Christmas Sheet Music
Series: Creating ArtistryMark Gates (born 1916)
Biography & Family History Add details
Mark Gates (born 1916) was born in ca. 1916. He was born into the Gates family.
This genealogy of Mark Gates's life is a collaborative effort by the AncientFaces community Share what you know to reach the people who know them. Some things we would like to know about Mark's genealogy:
- Where was Mark born?
- Where and when Gates Add details
- Given name
- Mark
- Surnames
- Gates family history
- Born
-
- Gender
- Male
Obituary Add details
No one has entered any info about the obituary records of Mark. You can add obituary information about Mark Gates by clicking "Add Details".
Discuss Mark
Post your memories of Mark Gates and share them with the rest of the AncientFaces community, by clicking on the box below. Anyone following Mark will be messaged about your post.
Any posts you make will be shown below for other AncientFaces members to comment on. If you have a favorite story about Mark you want to share, consider sharing a story.
Blake Shelton’s Tornado Relief Concert To Air Live On WYRK Tonight Night!
WYRK is proud to be able to bring you the Blake Shelton telethon “Healing in the Heartland: Relief Benefit Concert” LIVE on air tomorrow night, May 29.
The event will take place at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City and raise money for the United Way of Central Oklahoma’s May Tornadoes Relief Fund. Grammy Award-winning artists Miranda Lambert, Reba and Vince Gill will perform. Additional guests for the concert will be confirmed soon.
Everyone has their way to help, and mine as an entertainer is to perform to help raise money and awareness for this tragedy,” Shelton said. “This is why I want to do this special and especially hold it in Oklahoma City, which is near ground zero.”
Please tune in live at 9 p.m tonight, May 29 on 1065 WYRK! The telethon will also air on NBC.
Ways you can help:
1) Call 1-800-890-4999 (after 9pm ET tonight)
2) Text REBUILD to 52000 (limited to $10 per text)
3) Visit our social partner Facebook at Facebook.com/UnitedWay where some of my friends like Reba, Rascal Flatts, Miranda Lambert and more are waiting to take your donations and help you spread the word about tonight’s benefit. After you donate, be sure to share the “I Heart OK” logo back with your friends on Facebook to encourage them to donate. And if you share that logo, you may even get a shout out from one of the artists involved tonight.Building Blocks: Size and Condition
Tables and Seating: Libraries provide the following types of tables and seating for library users:
Individual study carrels for private study at 35’ square feet per person. These carrels may or may not be wired for laptops. Carrels are larger than in the past to accommodate electronic equipment in addition to other study material.
Four place tables for individuals or groups at 150’ square feet per table. These may or may not be wired for laptops.
Seating at computers.
Comfortable chairs for those reading books, newspapers, and magazines at 35’ square feet per person.
Meeting and Conference Room chairs and tables.
< back to Building Blocks page | table of contentsI hadn’t even heard of some of these…
Joining Trish for Wordless Wednesday here
TwoLittleDotes@gmail.com
Google
If you liked this, you might like…
I hadn’t even heard of some of these…
Joining Trish for Wordless Wednesday here
TwoLittleDotes@gmail.com
Google
If you liked this, you might like…
Posted on August 29, 2012 7 CommentsThis entry was posted in Home, internet, social media and tagged 2012, demographic, social media, social media sites, social media users. Bookmark the permalink.
Part time project manager, full time coffee addict, impulse online shopper, technology dabbler and mum to two gorgeous dotes.
interesting picture!
jeez I haven’t heard of half of those sites LOL
Great graph. I looked at it for 5mins scratching my head wonder what half of them were. Rachel x
Apparently I need to get on Orkut, now.. just to figure out what it is! Ha.
It’s (or was) big in Brazil, India and Estonia apparently!
Me to, and i was thinking the same thing. lol
gosh I need so education about these sites. Now to find more internet time.FAQ- Climbing Ropes explained
By Jon Griffith
The climbing rope is the founding material that makes our passion for the mountains and crags possible. Quite apart from the unity and bond that it represents between climbers it also a quite literally a life line that serves to help us push our limits in the mountain safe in the knowledge that we have a back up for when axes pop, forearms cramp, feet slip and gravity wins yet again. From clothes lines and thick hemp ropes to the super light 7.7mm aptly called ‘Ice Thong’ we have and will always trust our lives in them. However,?
Luckily for us the UIAA has pretty strict guidelines on not only climbing ropes but all climbing gear. As it might interest some of you to find out exactly what those numbers on your rope actually translate to I thought I would try and explain them in easy to digest english!
Back to Basics
So where do we start? Well the most important thing to think about when it comes to ropes is the force that you generate when you are falling. Whilst Sir Isaac Newton may have realised the power of gravity by an apple falling on his head, we tend to only realise its full effect as we are plunging straight down a cliff face.
For every kilogram that we weigh (ok of mass) we exert a force on the ground that we stand on of 1kg x the strength or force of gravity. The multiplying factor here is actually 9.8 which is close enough to 10 for my maths. So if you weigh 70kg then the force that you are currently exerting on the ground below you is 70 × 10= 700 newtons. In the climbing world we tend to use kilonewtons instead which is a 1000 newton measurement- hence a 70kg person can also be said to exert a force of 0.7kn. To put it into context. If you were hanging directly off an anchor, for example, you would be exerting a total force of 0.7kn on it.
“Ah” I might hear you cry “I’ve seen those ratings before” and indeed you have. Splattered all over our climbing gear are kn ratings. Our climbing gear is built to withstand certain forces that you can exert on it and by thinking a little more in the future you can start to use your gear with more care and confidence. However I’m not going to get bogged down into that now.
So we’ve covered what kn means.
What does a dynamic rope do?
The reason we climb with dynamic ropes is because they stretch. Due to this stretch they absorb a lot of the force of the fall- and I really mean a lot. This makes a huge difference to the safety of the climber for two reasons.
The rope is the very first thing in the ‘chain’ if you will. When you fall, the rope absorbs part of the force, then the left over force is transferred into your top runner. The fact that your rope has absorbed such a large amount of the force means less is transferred to your last bit of pro meaning that it has a higher chance of holding (because at the end of the day this is the weakest point in the chain). Secondly the breaking force of the human body is 12kn. If your body is subjected to shock forces above that then it will most likely break in some kind of back or neck snapping way. A dynamic rope helps avoid this. These two reasons are why people never lead climb with static ropes.
The UIAA
The International Union of Alpine Associations (UIAA website) is the governing body which tells us whether or not gear is safe to use and until what force it is safe. It has standard tests that certain gear has to pass to be able to achieve the UIAA seal of approval. To be honest gear lacking in the UIAA, CE, or Sigma 3 symbols are just not worth buying.
For a rope to pass the UIAA test it has to undergo 4 specific tests…
1. Fall Rating
Half ropes have to pass a minimum of 5 controlled leader simulated falls. These falls are factor 1.77 falls so they are tested to close to the maximum fall that a climber can take (a factor 2). For those interested, a 55kg weight is dropped from a height of 2.30m above a preclipped karabiner. The amount of rope extending to the simulated belayer from the karabiner is only 30cm so that the set-up looks like the image on the left.
The weight is dropped with a 5 minute rest inbetween tests. The diagram on the side is a little out of date though as the test has now been modified so that the rope passes over a 0.75mm metal edge instead of through a karabiner. 3 sample ropes are tested and the weakest one of the three becomes the fall rating. The UIAA has a minimum fall rating of 5.
It should be noted though that a factor fall of 1.77 is very high and chances are that you will never even have such a high factor fall all your life. So do not interpret this rating as the maximum amount of times you can fall on a rope before you have to chuck it. Also remember that taking huge whippers do not necessarily induce large fall factors (it is often the exact opposite) so dont just think that because you have taken 3 whippers on your rope that you should be starting to think about retiring it. For more information about fall factors you can click here
Obviously, though, you will be looking for a rope that has a high fall rating as, in theory, it will last you longer. Theoretically thicker ropes will have a higher fall rating than thinner ropes, as you would expect.
2. Impact Force
The impact force measurement is the resulting force that is transfered onto the end of the rope- ie you. If you look at the diagram above again, you can see that the peak force generated by the 1.77 factor fall can be no more than 8Kn for a half rope. Basically the lower this figure is the better, not only because it reduces the force on you but also because it will reduce the force on the top runner- ie the lower the number the more force the rope absorbs. The flip side of this is that the rope will invariably have to stretch more to absorb more force. Now whilst this might not sound like a bad thing it can be. Situations can arise where you want the least amount of stretch in the rope- eg falling close to the ground, when top roping, etc. This is a point that is worth thinking about. If you are used to sport routes then you arent going to be worried about minimising the force on your top runner as it’s a bolt, and in addition the more the rope stretches the more you are going to have to climb back up if you fall. On the other hand if you climb alot on badly protected terrain then the extra stretch may not be a worry if it helps keep the top runner from ripping out.
3. Stretch
There are two measurements of stretch. One is a static test- ie if you simply weight the rope and measure how much percentage stretch there is. The other is a dynamic test which measures the maximum stretch when the rope takes an actual simulated lead fall on it. The maximum amount of dynamic stretch allowed is 40%, and static is 12%. To put this into context if you are seconding on 50m of rope and weight it, if it has an 11% stretch then you will ‘drop’ down 5.5m- now that’s quite a long way down!
Stretch test, image © UIAA
4. Sheath Slippage
Ropes are made up of a core and a protective sheath that covers it. Poorly constructed ropes can end up with the core and the sheath not stretching in sync with each other (ie not acting as a single unit but more like two seperate ones, which is essentially what they are). However this leads in ‘lumpy’ areas of the rope as the sheath gets bunched up in certain parts and stretched out in others. The reason why this happens will be explained further on.
Testing the sheath slippage, © UIAA
Putting it all together
So now that you understand the different properties of a rope its time to put them all together. The first step to take is to quickly explain how a rope is made- even if you think you know this you actually probabaly dont so bear with me.
© Wild Country
All ropes are constructed in pretty much the same basic manner. It’s obvious from the diagram above how you start off with the basic yarn which is composed of multiple filaments and then keep adding and twisting until you get to the ‘core’. However the really interesting part comes into play right at the beginning of the process. The reason ropes are dynamic is because the filaments that form the yarn are twisted and shrunk. Its the equivalent of taking a piece of string and holding one end tight whilst twisting the other. After a time it will start to fold back on itself and it gets much harder to turn (see image below). The string itself will appear to have shortened but if you then load it the amount of extra stretch it takes is much higher than if you hadnt twisted it. By applying this principle to the filaments, you can radically alter the dynamic properties of any rope that you make..
So there you have it, a rope with less impact force should in theory be less durable due to its sheath construction. That is the compromise that you have to take. So if you find yourself leading often very dicey ice pitches then a half rope with a lowest impact force is what you are going to be looking for. Luckily ice does not abrade ropes very much and so you can get away with it, however if you find yourself doing alot of rock climbing then you should look for a rope that is a bit hardier or else it will not last very long!
After all that what are the compromises?
As always in the climbing gear world you have to compromise. So here are the rope ‘compromises’ you should be thinking about:
weight vs fall strength
weight vs dexterity/ thickness of the rope
fall impact vs durability
fall impact vs stretch
Special thanks to Mike Kann for his invaluable engineers mind and to the UIAANBHS Winter Sports Athletes See Academic Success
.
Athletic Director Mike Correia tells WBSM News, the acheivement is the result of hard work by a lot of people….
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Correia says his goal now is to have the same type of success in the spring and fall sports seasons.Long-term management of thrombocytosis in essential thrombocythaemia
- Gunnar Birgegård
- … show all 1 hide.
Inside
Co-published with
Other actions
- Briere, JB (2007) Essential thrombocythemia. Orphanet J Rare Dis 2: pp. 3
- Jensen, MK, Nully Brown, P, Nielsen, OJ, Hasselbalch, HC (2000) Incidence, clinical features and outcome of essential thrombocythaemia in a well defined geographical area. Eur J Haematol 65: pp. 132-139
- Campbell, PJ, Scott, LM, Buck, G, Wheatley, K, East, CL, Marsden, JT (2005) Definition of subtypes of essential thrombocythaemia and relation to polycythaemia vera based on JAK2 V617F mutation status: a prospective study. Lancet 366: pp. 1945-1953
- Sanchez, S, Ewton, A (2006) Essential thrombocythemia: a review of diagnostic and pathologic features. Arch Pathol Lab Med 130: pp. 1144-1150
- Penninga, EI, Bjerrum, OW (2006) Polycythaemia vera and essential thrombocythaemia: current treatment strategies. Drugs 66: pp. 2173-2187
- Harrison, CN, Gale, RE, Machin, SJ, Linch, DC (1999) A large proportion of patients with a diagnosis of essential thrombocythemia do not have a clonal disorder and may be at lower risk of thrombotic complications. Blood 93: pp. 417-424
- Griesshammer, M, Klippel, S, Strunck, E, Temerinac, S, Mohr, U, Heimpel, H (2004) PRV-1 mRNA expression discriminates two types of essential thrombocythemia. Ann Hematol 83: pp. 364-370
- Teofili, L, Pierconti, F, Febo, A, Maggiano, N, Vianelli, N, Ascani, S (2002) The expression pattern of c-mpl in megakaryocytes correlates with thrombotic risk in essential thrombocythemia. Blood 100: pp. 714-717
- Kralovics, R, Buser, AS, Teo, SS, Coers, J, Tichelli, A, Maas, AP (2003) Comparison of molecular markers in a cohort of patients with chronic myeloproliferative disorders. Blood 102: pp. 1869-1871
- Carobbio, A, Finazzi, G, Guerini, V, Spinelli, O, Delaini, F, Marchioli, R (2007) Leukocytosis is a risk factor for thrombosis in essential thrombocythemia: interaction with treatment, standard risk factors, and JAK2 mutation status. Blood 109: pp. 2310-2313
- Harrison, CN (2005) Essential thrombocythaemia: challenges and evidence-based management. Br J Haematol 130: pp. 153-165
- Tefferi, A, Thiele, J, Orazi, A, Kvasnicka, HM, Barbui, T, Hanson, CA (2007) Proposals and rationale for revision of the World Health Organization diagnostic criteria for polycythemia vera, essential thrombocythemia, and primary myelofibrosis: recommendations from an ad hoc international expert panel. Blood 110: pp. 1092-1097
- Thiele, J, Kvasnicka, HM (2007) Myelofibrosis—what’s in a name? Consensus on definition and EUMNET grading. Pathobiology 74: pp. 89-96
- Kvasnicka, HM, Thiele, J (2006) The impact of clinicopathological studies on staging and survival in essential thrombocythemia, chronic idiopathic myelofibrosis, and polycythemia rubra vera. Semin Thromb Hemost 32: pp. 362-371
- Thiele, J, Kvasnicka, HM, Schmitt-Graeff, A, Zankovich, R, Diehl, V (2002) Follow-up examinations including sequential bone marrow biopsies in essential thrombocythemia (ET): a retrospective clinicopathological study of 120 patients. Am J Hematol 70: pp. 283-291
- Buhr, T, Georgii, A, Choritz, H (1993) Myelofibrosis in chronic myeloproliferative disorders. Incidence among subtypes according to the Hannover Classification. Pathol Res Pract 189: pp. 121-132
- Kreft, A, Buche, G, Ghalibafian, M, Buhr, T, Fischer, T, Kirkpatrick, CJ (2005) The incidence of myelofibrosis in essential thrombocythaemia, polycythaemia vera and chronic idiopathic myelofibrosis: a retrospective evaluation of sequential bone marrow biopsies. Acta Haematol 113: pp. 137-143
- Wilkins, BS, Erber, WN, Bareford, D, Buck, G, Wheatley, K, East, CL (2008) Bone marrow pathology in essential thrombocythemia: interobserver reliability and utility for identifying disease subtypes. Blood 111: pp. 60-70
- Colwell, JA (2006) Aspirin for the primary prevention of cardiovascular events. Timely Top Med Cardiovasc Dis 10: pp. E25
- Landolfi, R, Ciabattoni, G, Patrignani, P, Castellana, MA, Pogliani, E, Bizzi, B (1992) Increased thromboxane biosynthesis in patients with polycythemia vera: evidence for aspirin-suppressible platelet activation in vivo. Blood 80: pp. 1965-1971
- Rocca, B, Ciabattoni, G, Tartaglione, R, Cortelazzo, S, Barbui, T, Patrono, C (1995) Increased thromboxane biosynthesis in essential thrombocythemia. Thromb Haemost 74: pp. 1225-1230
- Randi, ML, Rossi, C, Fabris, F, Menapace, L, Girolami, A (1999) Aspirin seems as effective as myelosuppressive agents in the prevention of rethrombosis in essential thrombocythemia. Clin Appl Thromb Hemost 5: pp. 131-135
- Genderen, PJ, Mulder, PG, Waleboer, M, Moesdijk, D, Michiels, JJ (1997) Prevention and treatment of thrombotic complications in essential thrombocythaemia: efficacy and safety of aspirin. Br J Haematol 97: pp. 179-184
- Michiels, JJ, Koudstaal, PJ, Mulder, AH, Vliet, HH (1993) Transient neurologic and ocular manifestations in primary thrombocythemia. Neurology 43: pp. 1107-1110
- Genderen, PJ, Michiels, JJ, Strik, R, Lindemans, J, Vliet, HH (1995) Platelet consumption in thrombocythemia complicated by erythromelalgia: reversal by aspirin. Thromb Haemost 73: pp. 210-214
- Landolfi, R, Marchioli, R, Kutti, J, Gisslinger, H, Tognoni, G, Patrono, C (2004) Efficacy and safety of low-dose aspirin in polycythemia vera. N Engl J Med 350: pp. 114-124
- Griesshammer, M, Bangerter, M, Vliet, HH, Michiels, JJ (1997) Aspirin in essential thrombocythemia: status quo and quo vadis. Semin Thromb Hemost 23: pp. 371-377
- Navarra, P, Preziosi, P (1999) Hydroxyurea: new insights on an old drug. Crit Rev Oncol Hematol 29: pp. 249-255
- Cortelazzo, S, Finazzi, G, Ruggeri, M, Vestri, O, Galli, M, Rodeghiero, F (1995) Hydroxyurea for patients with essential thrombocythemia and a high risk of thrombosis. N Engl J Med 332: pp. 1132-1136
- Harrison, CN, Campbell, PJ, Buck, G, Wheatley, K, East, CL, Bareford, D (2005) Hydroxyurea compared with anagrelide in high-risk essential thrombocythemia. N Engl J Med 353: pp. 33-45
- Lofvenberg, E, Wahlin, A (1988) Management of polycythaemia vera, essential thrombocythaemia and myelofibrosis with hydroxyurea. Eur J Haematol 41: pp. 375-381
- Randi, ML, Ruzzon, E, Luzzatto, G, Tezza, F, Girolami, A, Fabris, F (2005) Safety profile of hydroxyurea in the treatment of patients with Philadelphia-negative chronic myeloproliferative disorders. Haematologica 90: pp. 261-262
- Finazzi, G, Ruggeri, M, Rodeghiero, F, Barbui, T (2003) Efficacy and safety of long-term use of hydroxyurea in young patients with essential thrombocythemia and a high risk of thrombosis. Blood 101: pp. 3749
- Gisslinger H, Kralovics R, Gotic M, Holowiecki J, Penka M, Widmann R et al (2007) Non-inferiority of anagrelide compared to hydroxyurea in newly diagnosed patients with essential thrombocythaemia: the ANAHYDRET study. In: 49th Annual Society of Hematology Annual Meeting, Atlanta, USA, 8–11 December
- Najean, Y, Rain, JD (1997) Treatment of polycythemia vera: use of 32P alone or in combination with maintenance therapy using hydroxyurea in 461 patients greater than 65 years of age. Blood 89: pp. 2319-2327
- Finazzi, G, Ruggeri, M, Rodeghiero, F, Barbui, T (2000) Second malignancies in patients with essential thrombocythaemia treated with busulphan and hydroxyurea: long-term follow-up of a randomized clinical trial. Br J Haematol 110: pp. 577-583
- Sterkers, Y, Preudhomme, C, Lai, JL, Demory, JL, Caulier, MT, Wattel, E (1998) Acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndromes following essential thrombocythemia treated with hydroxyurea: high proportion of cases with 17p deletion. Blood 91: pp. 616-622
- Randi, ML, Fabris, F, Girolami, A (2002) Second malignancies in patients with essential thrombocythaemia. Br J Haematol 116: pp. 923-924
-: pp. 29-39
- Gwilt, PR, Tracewell, WG (1998) Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of hydroxyurea. Clin Pharmacokinet 34: pp. 347-358
- Thiele, J, Kvasnicka, HM, Ollig, S, Schmitt-Graff, A (2005) Anagrelide does not exert a myelodysplastic effect on megakaryopoiesis: a comparative immunohistochemical and morphometric study with hydroxyurea. Histol Histopathol 20: pp. 1071-1076
- Bernasconi, P, Boni, M, Cavigliano, PM, Calatroni, S, Brusamolino, E, Passamonti, F (2002) Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) having evolved from essential thrombocythemia (ET): distinctive chromosome abnormalities in patients treated with pipobroman or hydroxyurea. Leukemia 16: pp. 2078-2083
- Chim, CS, Kwong, YL, Lie, AK, Ma, SK, Chan, CC, Wong, LG (2005) Long-term outcome of 231 patients with essential thrombocythemia: prognostic factors for thrombosis, bleeding, myelofibrosis, and leukemia. Arch Intern Med 165: pp. 2651-2658
- Fruchtman, SM, Mack, K, Kaplan, ME, Peterson, P, Berk, PD, Wasserman, LR (1997) From efficacy to safety: a Polycythemia Vera Study group report on hydroxyurea in patients with polycythemia vera. Semin Hematol 34: pp. 17-23
- Kiladjian, JJ, Rain, JD, Bernard, JF, Briere, J, Chomienne, C, Fenaux, P (2006) Long-term incidence of hematological evolution in three French prospective studies of hydroxyurea and pipobroman in polycythemia vera and essential thrombocythemia. Semin Thromb Hemost 32: pp. 417-421
- Najean, Y, Rain, JD (1997) Treatment of polycythemia vera: the use of hydroxyurea and pipobroman in 292 patients under the age of 65 years. Blood 90: pp. 3370-3377
- Stevens, MR (1999) Hydroxyurea: an overview. J Biol Regul Homeost Agents 13: pp. 172-175
- Lossos, IS, Matzner, Y (1995) Hydroxyurea-induced fever: case report and review of the literature. Ann Pharmacother 29: pp. 132-133
- Braester, A, Quitt, M (2000) Hydroxyurea as a cause of drug fever. Acta Haematol 104: pp. 50-51
- Lannemyr, O, Kutti, J (1999) Hydroxyurea as a cause of drug fever in essential thrombocythaemia. Eur J Haematol 62: pp. 354-355
- Kennedy, BJ, Smith, LR, Goltz, RW (1975) Skin changes secondary to hydroxyurea therapy. Arch Dermatol 111: pp. 183-187
- Dumont-Wallon, G, Milpied-Homsi, B, Morineau, N (2006) Effets secondaires cutanéomuqueux de l’hydroxyurée: étude prospective sur 27 patients. Hematologie 12: pp. 262-266
- Zaccaria, E, Cozzani, E, Parodi, A (2006) Secondary cutaneous effects of hydroxyurea: possible pathogenetic mechanisms. J Dermatolog Treat 17: pp. 176-178
- Best, PJ, Petitt, RM (1998) Multiple skin cancers associated with hydroxyurea therapy. Mayo Clin Proc 73: pp. 961-963 CrossRef
- Ravandi-Kashani, F, Cortes, J, Cohen, P, Talpaz, M, O’Brien, S, Markowitz, A (1999) Cutaneous ulcers associated with hydroxyurea therapy in myeloproliferative disorders. Leuk Lymphoma 35: pp. 109-118
- Gilbert, HS (2003) Modern treatment strategies in polycythemia vera. Semin Hematol 40: pp. 26-29
- Barbui, T, Finazzi, G (2005) When and how to treat essential thrombocythemia. N Engl J Med 353: pp. 85-86
- Dingli, D, Tefferi, A (2005) A critical review of anagrelide therapy in essential thrombocythemia and related disorders. Leuk Lymphoma 46: pp. 641-650
- Barbui, T, Barosi, G, Grossi, A, Gugliotta, L, Liberato, LN, Marchetti,: pp. 215-232
- Randi, ML, Ruzzon, E, Tezza, F, Luzzatto, G, Fabris, F (2005) Toxicity and side effects of hydroxyurea used for primary thrombocythemia. Platelets 16: pp. 181-184
- Barosi, G, Besses, C, Birgegard, G, Briere, J, Cervantes, F, Finazzi, G (2007) A unified definition of clinical resistance/intolerance to hydroxyurea in essential thrombocythemia: results of a consensus process by an international working group. Leukemia 21: pp. 277-280
- Hong, Y, Wang, G, Del Arroyo, AG, Hernandez, J, Skene, C, Erusalimsky, JD (2006) Comparison between anagrelide and hydroxycarbamide in their activities against haematopoietic progenitor cell growth and differentiation: selectivity of anagrelide for the megakaryocytic lineage. Leukemia 20: pp. 1117-1122
- Birgegard, G, Bjorkholm, M, Kutti, J, Larfars, G, Lofvenberg, E, Markevarn, B (2004) Adverse effects and benefits of two years of anagrelide treatment for thrombocythemia in chronic myeloproliferative disorders. Haematologica 89: pp. 520-527
- Fruchtman, SM, Petitt, RM, Gilbert, HS, Fiddler, G, Lyne, A (2005) Anagrelide: analysis of long-term efficacy, safety and leukemogenic potential in myeloproliferative disorders. Leuk Res 29: pp. 481-491
- Steurer, M, Gastl, G, Jedrzejczak, WW, Pytlik, R, Lin, W, Schlogl, E (2004) Anagrelide for thrombocytosis in myeloproliferative disorders: a prospective study to assess efficacy and adverse event profile. Cancer 101: pp. 2239-2246
- Penninga, E, Jensen, BA, Hansen, PB, Clausen, NT, Mourits-Andersen, T, Nielsen, OJ (2004) Anagrelide treatment in 52 patients with chronic myeloproliferative diseases. Clin Lab Haematol 26: pp. 335-340
- Storen, EC, Tefferi, A (2001) Long-term use of anagrelide in young patients with essential thrombocythemia. Blood 97: pp. 863-866
- Laguna, MS, Kornblihtt, LI, Marta, RF, Michiels, JJ, Molinas, FC (2000) Effectiveness of anagrelide in the treatment of symptomatic patients with essential thrombocythemia. Clin Appl Thromb Hemost 6: pp. 157-161
- Mills, AK, Taylor, KM, Wright, SJ, Bunce, I, Eliadis, P, Brigden, MC (1999) Efficacy, safety and tolerability of anagrelide in the treatment of essential thrombocythaemia. Aust N Z J Med 29: pp. 29-35
- Petrides, PE, Beykirch, MK, Trapp, OM (1998) Anagrelide, a novel platelet lowering option in essential thrombocythaemia: treatment experience in 48 patients in Germany. Eur J Haematol 61: pp. 71-76
- Anagrelide, a therapy for thrombocythemic states: experience in 577 patients. Am J Med 92: pp. 69-76
- Petitt, RM, Silverstein, MN, Petrone, ME (1997) Anagrelide for control of thrombocythemia in polycythemia and other myeloproliferative disorders. Semin Hematol 34: pp. 51-54
- Mazzucconi, MG, Sanctis, V, Chistolini, A, Dragoni, F, Mandelli, F (1992) Therapy with anagrelide in patients affected by essential thrombocythemia: preliminary results. Haematologica 77: pp. 315-317
- Petrides, PE (2004) Anagrelide: a decade of clinical experience with its use for the treatment of primary thrombocythaemia. Expert Opin Pharmacother 5: pp. 1781-1798
- Barbui, T (2004) The leukemia controversy in myeloproliferative disorders: is it a natural progression of disease, a secondary sequela of therapy, or a combination of both. Semin Hematol 41: pp. 15-17
- Mazzucconi, MG, Redi, R, Bernasconi, S, Bizzoni, L, Dragoni, F, Latagliata, R (2004) A long-term study of young patients with essential thrombocythemia treated with anagrelide. Haematologica 89: pp. 1306-1313
- Zomas, A, Marinakis, T, Grigoraki, V, Gortzolidis, G, Arseni, P, Skandali, A (2002) The use anagrelide for control of thrombocytosis in Greek patients with myeloproliferative disorders. Haem 5: pp. 320-325
- Birgegard, G (2006) Anagrelide treatment in myeloproliferative disorders. Semin Thromb Hemost 32: pp. 260-266
- Gilbert, HS (2001) Diagnosis and treatment of thrombocythemia in myeloproliferative disorders. Oncology 15: pp. 989-996
- Mazur, G, Wrobel, T, Podolak-Dawidziak, M, Kuliszkiewicz-Janus, M, Potoczek, S, Nosol, J (2004) Anagrelide in the treatment of thrombocythemia essential (ET). Pol Arch Med Wewn 112: pp. 1445-1450
- Tefferi, A, Silverstein, MN (1998) Treatment of polycythaemia vera and essential thrombocythaemia. Baillieres Clin Haematol 11: pp. 769-785
- Wadenvik, H, Kutti, J, Ridell, B, Revesz, P, Jacobsson, S, Magnusson, B (1991) The effect of alpha-interferon on bone marrow megakaryocytes and platelet production rate in essential thrombocythemia. Blood 77: pp. 2103-2108
- Kiladjian, JJ, Cassinat, B, Turlure, P, Cambier, N, Roussel, M, Bellucci, S (2006) High molecular response rate of polycythemia vera patients treated with pegylated interferon alpha-2a. Blood 108: pp. 2037-2040
- Samuelsson, J, Mutschler, M, Birgegard, G, Gram-Hansen, P, Bjorkholm, M, Pahl, HL (2006) Limited effects on JAK2 mutational status after pegylated interferon alpha-2b therapy in polycythemia vera and essential thrombocythemia. Haematologica 91: pp. 1281-1282
- Jones, AV, Silver, RT, Waghorn, K, Curtis, C, Kreil, S, Zoi, K (2006) Minimal molecular response in polycythemia vera patients treated with imatinib or interferon alpha. Blood 107: pp. 3339-3341
- Seewann, HL (1993) Interferon therapy in essential thrombocythemia. Wien Med Wochenschr 143: pp. 420-424
- Yataganas, X, Meletis, J, Plata, E, Viniou, N, Deligiannis, F, Tsekoura, C (1991) alpha Interferon treatment of essential thrombocythaemia and other myeloproliferative disorders with excessive thrombocytosis. Eur J Cancer 27: pp. S69-S71
- Samuelsson, J, Hasselbalch, H, Bruserud, O, Temerinac, S, Brandberg, Y, Merup, M (2006) A phase II trial of pegylated interferon alpha-2b therapy for polycythemia vera and essential thrombocythemia: feasibility, clinical and biologic effects, and impact on quality of life. Cancer 106: pp. 2397-2405
- Lengfelder, E, Griesshammer, M, Hehlmann, R (1996) Interferon-alpha in the treatment of essential thrombocythemia. Leuk Lymphoma 22: pp. 135-142 CrossRef
- Lengfelder, E, Berger, U, Hehlmann, R (2000) Interferon alpha in the treatment of polycythemia vera. Ann Hematol 79: pp. 103-109
- Gilbert, HS (2002) Other secondary sequelae of treatments for myeloproliferative disorders. Semin Oncol 29: pp. 22-27
- Gisslinger, H, Chott, A, Scheithauer, W, Gilly, B, Linkesch, W, Ludwig, H (1991) Interferon in essential thrombocythaemia. Br J Haematol 79: pp. 42-47
- Çabuk, M, Pirildar, T, Ceylan, C, Koral, L, Kirmaz, C, Kiliccioglu, B (2003) Arthritis induced by interferon-alpha therapy in a patient with essential thrombocythemia. Leuk Lymphoma 44: pp. 377-378
- Salvo, L, Plumacher, Z, Gomez, O, Weir-Medina, J, Paz, L, Salas, D (1996) Hypertriglyceridemia following treatment with interferon alpha in essential thrombocythemia. Invest Clin 37: pp. 177-181
- Vardizer, Y, Linhart, Y, Loewenstein, A, Garzozi, H, Mazawi, N, Kesler, A (2003) Interferon-alpha-associated bilateral simultaneous ischemic optic neuropathy. J Neuroophthalmol 23: pp. 256-259
- Merup, M, Aberg, W, Lofvenberg, E, Svensson, E, Engman, K, Paul, C (2002) Symptoms, symptom distress and health-related quality of life in patients with polycythaemia vera or essential thrombocythaemia during treatment with interferon-alpha. Acta Oncol 41: pp. 50-55
- Malek-Ahmadi, P, Hilsabeck, RC (2007) Neuropsychiatric complications of interferons: classification, neurochemical bases, and management. Ann Clin Psychiatry 19: pp. 113-123
- Malek-Ahmadi, P (2001) Mood disorders associated with interferon treatment: theoretical and practical considerations. Ann Pharmacother 35: pp. 489-495
- Quintas-Cardama, A, Kantarjian, HM, Giles, F, Verstovsek, S (2006) Pegylated interferon therapy for patients with Philadelphia chromosome-negative myeloproliferative disorders. Semin Thromb Hemost 32: pp. 409-416
- Alvarado, Y, Cortes, J, Verstovsek, S, Thomas, D, Faderl, S, Estrov, Z (2003) Pilot study of pegylated interferon-alpha 2b in patients with essential thrombocythemia. Cancer Chemother Pharmacol 51: pp. 81-86
- Langer, C, Lengfelder, E, Thiele, J, Kvasnicka, HM, Pahl, HL, Beneke, H (2005) Pegylated interferon for the treatment of high risk essential thrombocythemia: results of a phase II study. Haematologica 90: pp. 1333-1338
- Jabbour, E, Kantarjian, H, Cortes, J, Thomas, D, Garcia-Manero, G, Ferrajoli, A (2007) PEG-IFN-alpha-2b therapy in BCR-ABL-negative myeloproliferative disorders: final result of a Phase 2 study. Cancer 110: pp. 2012-2018
- Griesshammer, M (2006) Risk factors for thrombosis and bleeding and their influence on therapeutic decisions in patients with essential thrombocythemia. Semin Thromb Hemost 32: pp. 372-380
- Wolanskyj, AP, Lasho, TL, Schwager, SM, McClure, RF, Wadleigh, M, Lee, SJ (2005) JAK2 mutation in essential thrombocythaemia: clinical associations and long-term prognostic relevance. Br J Haematol 131: pp. 208-213
- Tefferi, A (2006) Essential thrombocythemia: scientific advances and current practice. Curr Opin Hematol 13: pp. 93-98
- Kittur, J, Knudson, RA, Lasho, TL, Finke, CM, Gangat, N, Wolanskyj, AP (2007) Clinical correlates of JAK2V617F allele burden in essential thrombocythemia. Cancer 109: pp. 2279-2284
- Finazzi, G, Rambaldi, A, Guerini, V, Carobbo, A, Barbui, T (2007) Risk of thrombosis in patients with essential thrombocythemia and polycythemia vera according to JAK2 V617F mutation status. Haematologica 92: pp. 135-136
- Hsiao, HH, Yang, MY, Liu, YC, Lee, CP, Yang, WC, Liu, TC (2007) The association of JAK2(V617F) mutation and leukocytosis with thrombotic events in essential thrombocythemia. Exp Hematol 35: pp. 1704-1707
- Tefferi, A, Elliott, M (2007) Thrombosis in myeloproliferative disorders: prevalence, prognostic factors, and the role of leukocytes and JAK2V617F. Semin Thromb Hemost 33: pp. 313-320
- Wolanskyj, AP, Schwager, SM, McClure, RF, Larson, DR, Tefferi, A (2006) Essential thrombocythemia beyond the first decade: life expectancy, long-term complication rates, and prognostic factors. Mayo Clin Proc 81: pp. 159-166
- Griesshammer, M, Struve, S, Harrison, CM (2006) Essential thrombocythemia/polycythemia vera and pregnancy: the need for an observational study in Europe. Semin Thromb Hemost 32: pp. 422-429
- Kiladjian, JJ, Casadevall, N, Vainchenker, W, Fenaux, P (2007) The first international meeting on V617F JAK2 mutation and its relevance in Philadelphia-negative myeloproliferative disorders. Pathol Biol (Paris) 55: pp. 85-87
- Title
- Long-term management of thrombocytosis in essential thrombocythaemia
- Open Access
- Available under Open Access This content is freely available online to anyone, anywhere at any time.
- Journal
- Annals of Hematology
Volume 88, Issue 1 , pp 1-10
- Cover Date
- 2009-01-01
- DOI
- 10.1007/s00277-008-0531-7
- Print ISSN
- 0939-5555
- Online ISSN
- 1432-0584
- Publisher
- Springer-Verlag
- Additional Links
-
- Topics
-
- Keywords
- Essential thrombocythaemia
- Anagrelide
- Hydroxycarbamide
- Interferon
- Myeloproliferative disorder
- Industry Sectors
-
- Authors
- Gunnar Birgegård
(1)
- Author Affiliations
- 1. Department of Haematology, Division of Medicine, Institution for Medical Sciences, University Hospital, Uppsala, 75185, SwedenIndian firms improve female-friendly safety measures
13 January 2013 Last updated at 23:56 GMT
It is a case that has shocked India and made headlines around the world - the death of a woman who was brutally gang-raped and thrown from a bus in New Delhi.
It has sparked a debate about the treatment of women at a time when a generation of newly-empowered young women in the country are going out to work in larger numbers than ever before.
So just how safe do women in the capital feel travelling to and from work?
And how much responsibility should employers take for their well-being? Shilpa Kannan finds out.Image Unavailable
Color:
- Sorry, this item is not available in
- Image not available
- To view this video download Flash Player
I love asian horror and South Korea is my favorite of them all! This film is not too bad, nothing new in the genre, one of those that makes you think it's one person but end up... Read morePublished 4 months ago by Aria Araya
If you are a fan of Korean cinema, then you shouldn't be even reading this review. Hide and Seek (2013) is classified as mystery/thriller. Read morePublished 9 months ago by Luke
This has to be one of the scariest, creepiest, weirdest movies I've seen in a long time. If you want to have the bejeezus scared out of you - this one is a winner. Read morePublished 9 months ago by Daniel G. Lebryk
Even though this sometimes came off as an older style thriller (a little too unbelievable, decisions by lead roles that don't always make sense) it still kept me enthralled until... Read morePublished 9 months ago by K. Groh
I liked Hide and Seek. It's a (subtitled) Korean suspense thriller with a strong American feel. The story has a protagonist with a secret, an array of off-center characters, and a... Read morePublished 10 months ago by Stacey Adam
This is a really suspenseful, fun film with lots of creepy moments. There are a few tiny plot holes towards the end but overall it was thoroughly enjoyable.Published 10 months ago by Mrs. Crabapple
Korean/ Asian thriller fan or thriller genre fan in general: this is a must-see! With its intense plot and character development, the movie is highly entertaining if you’re looking... Read morePublished 10 months ago by Emilywater
Hide and Seek, from director Huh Jung, is Ram Releasing's latest DVD release. It was one of the highest grossing film in South Korea in 2013. Read morePublished 11 months ago by Luanne OllivierGMail -
Email storage and search tools that help students find information fast.
Sites -
Build collaborative websites faster with templates for a collaborative class projects.
Calendars -
Organize your student life - keep a calendar for yourself or share calendars with your classmates.
Resources - Online Support and Tutorials
Learn to use Google Apps to organize communicate and reach new levels of productivity. Connect with other educators in the Google Apps Education Community.
Documents -
Create and share documents, spreadsheets, and presentations online, while keeping them all in one place.
Get the latest on Google Apps Service Notices.By visiting KLM.com you accept the use of cookies. Read more about cookies.
Ask
From great restaurants to famous sites and unique activities: here's what not to miss in Hamburg.
105
96 reviews
34 reviews
71 reviews
37 reviews
49 reviews
40 reviews
47 reviews
80 reviews
61 reviews
29 reviews
54 reviews
27 reviews
50 reviews
94 reviews
62 reviews
72 reviews
22 reviews
41 reviews
36 reviews
131 reviews
3 reviews
38 reviews
95 reviews
125 reviews
5 reviews
177 reviews
39 reviews
57 reviews
180 reviews
64 reviews
1 reviews
292 reviews
56 reviews
9 reviews
196 reviews
75 reviews
117 reviews
42 reviews
483 reviews
132 reviews
872 reviews
454 reviews
487 reviews
326 reviews
516 reviews
704 reviews
164 reviews
392 reviews
964 reviews
1,693 reviews
1,086 reviews
137 reviews
935 reviews
890 reviews
200 reviews
272 reviews
93 reviews
5,096 reviews
307 reviews
806 reviews2012 Finalists Announced
Imagine H2O Names Finalists in 2012 Prize for Water Startups
Competition Focuses on Promising Innovations for Individuals and Consumers
SAN FRANCISCO, December 12, 2012 – Imagine H2O, a nonprofit organization dedicated to inspiring and empowering people to turn water challenges into opportunities, announced the finalist companies in its fourth annual business plan competition. The nine finalists advance to a second round where they will compete for over $200,000 in cash and in-kind services. The overall results will be announced during events leading up to International World Water Day 2013 in March.
Over 70 startup companies from 12 countries submitted entries related to this year’s competition theme: Consumer Innovations. The global field represented a diverse range of personalized solutions to water challenges related to quality, efficiency and access in both developed and developing economies.
.”
Imagine H2O’s judging panel, which includes some of the water sector’s leading experts, based their selection of the finalists on market opportunity, customer value proposition, go-to market strategy, financial plan, and general quality of presentation and pitch. The finalists (alphabetical) are:
Pre-Revenue Track
- Dlo Haiti (Haiti).
- Flush-Master (Corona, CA)
This stainless steel retrofit toilet flapper is designed to address a very basic, yet large, source of lost water. According to the American Water Association, one out of five toilets are leaking today because of faulty toilet flappers.
- Innogation Inc. (Eagle, ID)
By matching the flow of water to lawn outlines, Innogation’s SMARTRotor™ dramatically reduces water used for outdoor irrigation while providing up to 98% distribution uniformity.
- NBD Nanotechnologies, Inc. (Danvers, MA)
A biomimicry and nanotechnology company that harvests water from the air, NBD Technologies employs materials science and chemical engineering innovations to create water from the air.
- ReFresh (Boston, MA) no website
A provider of water on the go, ReFresh’s water distribution machines provide bottled water and accept used bottles for a partial refund making drinking water cheaper, more convenient, and more environmentally friendly.
- Sentinel Hydrosolutions, LLC (Escondido, CA)
Sentinel’s Leak Detections System combines an easy-to-install fixture and control panel that automatically identifies home leaks and shuts off supplies to prevent water damage and loss.
Early Revenue Track
-.
- HighSierra Showerheads, LLC (Coarsegold, CA)
The HighSierra Showerhead combines a low-profile design that uses 40% less water and a flow control that maintain the feel and experience of a conventional showerhead even at varying pressures.
-.Photo by Doug Pensinger/Getty Images [ Shreveport Welcomes First Two New Craft Breweries Since Prohibition By Gonzo October 22, 2013 In some ways, Shreveport is ahead of the curve. For example, back in 1908, a full twelve years before the U.S. Government Prohibition banned the sale, production, and transportation of alcohol, Caddo Parish passed it's own Prohibition laws Read More Category: News, Shreveport News Tags: beer, craft beer, local breweries, local business Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!New Grand Theft Auto IV Trailer Now Live
March 27, 2008
New Grand Theft Auto IV Trailer Now Live
"Good Lord, What Are You Doing?" AKA "Everyone's a Rat" - The fourth and final trailer featuring a track from Grand Theft Auto IV before its highly-anticipated release on April 29th is now live!
Today Rockstar is proud to give fans everywhere one last look at the epic action-adventure of Grand Theft Auto IV as the days move ever closer to its release on the 29th of April. The trailer also features the track “Real McKoy" by Mavado.
Click here to download the latest Grand Theft Auto IV trailer.
About Grand Theft Auto IV
Your name is Niko Bellic. You have left your hard life in Russia to seek a new life of opulence and easy money. Instead, you find that life in Liberty City will be gritty and violent. Your challenge will be to do what ever it takes to eke out a living and survive…..Lesson: Prepositions
Lesson Objective
Lesson Plan
***At my school, we teach prepositions/prep. phrases BEFORE we thoroughly go into subjects/verbs. The idea being: by eliminating the prep. phrases, you reduce the sentence to its bare bones, which makes it easier to pluck out the subject and verb.
***You may use to administer a preposition diagnostic before starting this lesson. This Pre-Test is attached to the lesson.
Opening:
You can do the following activity with the entire class, or you can ask one student to do it in the front of the room. It depends on the space you have.
Ask students to stand up beside their desks. Then give them a series of directions that involve prepositional phrases, like:
Stand behind your desk.
Stand in front of your desk.
Stand on top of your desk.
Go underneath your desk.
Then say, “The commands I gave you each contained a preposition. I’m going to read them all out loud and put my hand up whenever a preposition happens. At the end, I want to see who can identify the prepositions in the sentences.”
Introduction to New Material:
Students take notes: A preposition is a part of speech that shows location and time. Give students a picture of a mountain on one side and a clock on the other side. See if they can generate a list of prepositions together that show direction: above (the mountain), below (the mountain), etc. Then see if they can think of prepositions that show time on the side with the clock: around (6:00), since (6:00), before (6:00).
Then distribute and practice singing the preposition song. To the tune of BINGO.
Guided Practice:
Underline prepositions in sentences #1-5. Go over them.
Independent Practice:
Underline prepositions in the rest of the sentences. Go over them. For homework, students may continue adding prepositions to their mountain/clock picture.
ï»¿155 posts · 256,032 views
Sort by: Latest Post, Most Popular
by Mo in Neurophilosophy
THE patterns of brain waves that occur during sleep can predict the likelihood that dreams will be successfully recalled upon waking up, according to a new study published in the Journal of Neuroscience. The research provides the first evidence of a 'signature' pattern of brain activity associated with dream recall. It also provides further insight into the brain mechanisms underlying dreaming, and into the relationship between our dreams and our memories.
Cristina Marzano of the Sleep
YOUR, 'motor images' containing information about movement kinematics and timing. Researchers at the Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience ................ Read more »
Slepian, M., et al. (2011) Tough and Tender: Embodied Categorization of Gender. Psychological Science, 22(1), 26-28. DOI: 10.1177/0956797610390388
by Mo in Neurophilosophy triggers a simulation of using it - a mental image of reaching out and grasping it with the hand that is nearest to the handle.
Motor simulations and ........ Read more »
Witt, J.K., et al. (2010) A Functional Role for Motor Simulation in Identifying Tools. Psychological Sci. PMID: 20639402
by Mo in Neurophilosophy
DEPRESSION has long been associated with vision - and to colour perception in particular - and the link between them is evident in everyday language. Depression is, of course, often referred to as "feeling blue", and those who suffer from it are sometimes told to "lighten up". The link can be found in art, too - Picasso's so-called "Blue Period", for example, which was brought on by the suicide of his close friend Carlos Casagemas, is characterised by a series of striking paintings in shades of ........ Read more »
by Mo in Neurophilosophy
DELETION of a single gene switches the sexual orientation of female mice, causing them to engage in sexual behaviour that is typical of males. Korean researchers found that deleting.How to Turn Your WordPress Backend Into a News Room
WordPress makes a pretty good content management system for any news organization as-is, but a number of freely available open source plugins can turn the WordPress backend into a professional collaboration tool par excellence.
Out of hundreds of potential plugins, 10000words.net distilled down to 6 “Must Have” WordPress Plugins for NewsroomsLasix Overnight.
Want to be able to create assignments shared by an editor, a journalist, and a photographer who will all work on separate sections of the article? Then grab Assignment Desk, created by NYU students specifically for the demands of a newsroom.
Looking to transcend the boundaries of the traditional “document”? Feedback By Paragraphs lets readers post comments to specific paragraphs in your articles. And WinerLinks automatically attaches a permalink to each paragraph, so other sites can not only quote you, but lead their readers directly to the source.
Perhaps the most useful of the bunch, EditFlow “helps you streamline your editorial workflow within WordPress by expanding upon native WordPress features”, letting you assign process-oriented statuses to your posts.
Read more at 10000words.net.Surfing snapper rocks
A guide to surfing Australia's most competitive wave. By Fred Pawle
SNAPPER Rocks wasn’t always the Gold Coast’s main surfing attraction.
That title was shared by Kirra, 1km west, and Burleigh, halfway to Surfers. For decades, those two point breaks were immortalised, in the warm colours of Kodachrome and Fuji Velvia, in the pages of countless surf magazines, in which old-time legends Wayne Bartholomew, Peter Townend and Michael Peterson played a supporting act to the coast’s uniquely glistening, deep-green barrels.
The long waves gave Queensland surfers a rhythm and confidence that somehow reflected the hedonism of the Coast, and from the late 1960s to the 90s, the place became a pilgrimage firstly for Australian surfers, then their American, Japanese and Brazilian counterparts.
The Gold Coast became the undisputed surfing capital of Australia, relegating Torquay, Margaret River and even Sydney to underling status.
Then, in 1995, the coastline changed. The groyne at Kirra was reduced (to supposedly prevent beach erosion) and the government started pumping sand from the Tweed River to allow fishing boats to come and go safely.
The sand accumulated at Snapper Rocks, and the manmade “Super Bank” was born.
If Kirra and Burleigh epitomised the fading age of analogue film, Snapper Rocks now is the wave for the digital world. The colour of the wave is tainted by the sand that nature never intended to wash past here, and, thanks to the exploding popularity of surfing, the line-up is infested with more surfers than waves. It’s famous for being crowded, and crowded for being famous.
But when the right swell lurches from the chaos of the deep water behind the rock at Snapper, something magic happens. The mostly manmade bank transforms the mutating lump of energy into the sort of straight, powerful wall of water for which surfers forgo all sorts of other worldly pleasures and achievements just to ride.
Catch one wave from behind the rock at Snapper and, crowd permitting, ride it all the way to Greenmount, or even Kirra (which has been done) and you will remember it for the rest of your life.
“I’ve always had trouble with the backhand takeoff at Snapper. The backwash behind the rock is gnarly.”
- Kai Otton
“You don’t want to make too many mistakes in a heat – you only get so many chances.”
- Adam Melling
“I look at what the next section is going to do so I know how hard to push each manoeuvre.”
- Kai Otton
Motivation: Transmembrane β-barrels (TMBBs) belong to a special structural class of proteins predominately found in the outer membranes of Gram-negative bacteria, mitochondria and chloroplasts. TMBBs are surface-exposed proteins that perform a variety of functions ranging from nutrient acquisition to osmotic regulation. These properties suggest that TMBBs have great potential for use in vaccine or drug therapy development. However, membrane proteins, such as TMBBs, are notoriously difficult to identify and characterize using traditional experimental approaches and current prediction methods are still unreliable.
Results: A prediction method based on the physicochemical properties of experimentally characterized TMBB structures was developed to predict TMBB-encoding genes from genomic databases. The Freeman–Wimley prediction algorithm developed in this study has an accuracy of 99% and MCC of 0.748 when using the most efficient prediction criteria, which is better than any previously published algorithm.
Availability: The MS Windows-compatible application is available for download at
Contact: wwimley/at/tulane.edu
Supplementary information: Supplementary data are available at Bioinformatics online.
The transmembrane β-barrel (TMBB) is one of two major structural classes of membrane-spanning proteins; TM helical bundles are the other. TMBBs are found in the outer membranes of Gram-negative bacteria, mitochondria and chloroplasts, while TM helical bundles are found in the cytoplasmic membranes of all living organisms. Although genes that encode TMBBs are estimated to represent at least 3% of all protein-coding genes in Gram-negative bacteria, TMBBs represent only 1% of the solved protein structures from Gram-negative organisms. As a rapidly expanding number of genomic sequences become available, using in silico methods to identify previously unknown TMBBs is an appealing alternative to more difficult and time-consuming experimental methods such as crystallography. Computational TMBB prediction methods can identify candidate genes in order to perform experimental validation or structural proteomics on a more focused population. These methods also provide the opportunity to identify and characterize TMBBs that may not be expressed under standard culturing conditions and thus, would go unobserved using traditional screening methods such as proteomic analysis.
Computational prediction methods have been used to predict TM helices with an accuracy of 99% for nearly a decade. TM helices are simple stretches of 19–25 hydrophobic residues, which can be predicted with near-perfect accuracy using experimentally determined hydrophobicity scales; an example of such a program is MPEX (Jayasinghe et al., 2001; Snider et al., 2009). However, the prediction of TMBBs presents a more difficult challenge due to the cryptic nature of the TMBB structure (Wimley, 2002). The TMBB structure is a series of anti-parallel β-strands that are arranged in a cylindrical geometry forming a structure that resembles a barrel (Schulz, 2000). The TM β-strands of TMBBs consist of ~10 amino acids arranged in an alternating, dyad repeat pattern of hydrophobic and hydrophilic residues, where the hydrophobic side-chains face the lipid environment and the hydrophilic side-chains face the interior of the β-barrel. The β-hairpin, which is the major structural unit of the TMBB, is a pair of anti-parallel TM β-strands connected by a short loop of 3–7 residues (i.e., hairpin turn). The β-hairpins are connected to each other by loops of varying length. The complexities and irregularities in the structure including the variations in loop length and composition, deviations from the pattern of hydrophobicity in some β-strands, and the low information content (e.g., only five hydrophobic residues in a TM strand) make the identification of TMBBs especially problematic (Wimley, 2003).
There are a wide variety of TMBB prediction algorithms that utilize machine learning methods ranging from Bayesian networks to k-nearest neighbor methods. Machine learning methods are designed to identify the common features of the TMBBs in a training dataset as well as features that distinguish TMBBs from other types of proteins. The distinguishing variables, as interpreted by the algorithm, are used as rules to classify a test sequence (Gromiha and Suwa, 2006). Although these methods can yield reasonable TMBB prediction accuracies (64–97%), their predictions are still less reliable than those made for TM helical bundles (Gromiha and Suwa, 2006; Hu and Yan, 2008). Besides achieving less than ideal prediction accuracy, a major disadvantage of using a machine learning method is that it cannot be used for hypothesis testing because the variables used to make the predictions are either hidden or arbitrary, thus there is no discernable link between the variables and the physicochemical properties of the experimentally solved TMBB structures.
A TMBB prediction algorithm based on the physicochemical properties of TMBBs was developed in this lab (Wimley, 2002). This algorithm is based on an analysis of the structure and composition of known TMBBs. The algorithm identifies the positions of TM β-strands using a simple pattern-recognition scheme, which utilizes the statistical amino acid abundance data derived from known structures. The observed amino acid abundances from the TM β-strands are compared to the expected genomic abundance, and the difference between the two abundances yields information about patterns and composition unique to the TM segments of TMBBs. The algorithm uses the resulting abundance values to identify 10-residue-long β-strands with dyad repeat patterns. Next, adjacent β-strands are scored for β-hairpin-forming potential, and the β-hairpin score data is used in a function to give a protein sequence a single β-barrel score. The β-barrel score is a rating of the overall propensity of the sequence to fold into a TMBB.
The initial goal of this work was to rigorously evaluate the performance of this algorithm since it was intended to make predictions for genomic sequences, which will be listed in an annotated database. The performance of the original algorithm was evaluated using a non-redundant protein database (NRPDB) with 14 238 proteins of known structure from the Protein Data Bank (PDB; Berman et al., 2000). Each sequence was given a β-barrel score, which was used as a threshold-dependent binomial classifier to identify each sequence as either a TMBB or non-TMBB. Using the NRPDB as a stringent test set, the performances of the original prediction algorithm, as well as other prediction algorithms, were unsatisfactory because they had very large rates of false positive predictions.
The algorithm described in this work was developed to address the specific weaknesses in the ability of the original algorithm to discriminate against non-TMBBs. The modified algorithm, which we call the Freeman–Wimley algorithm, showed a substantial improvement, from 87% to 99% when analyzing the NRPDB. The accuracy of the Freeman–Wimley algorithm is comparable to the accuracy of TM helix prediction and exceeds the accuracy of other TMBB prediction methods. Furthermore, an analysis of the Escherichia coli genome has revealed that the Freeman–Wimley algorithm is more efficient at distinguishing TMBBs from non-TMBBs in genomic databases compared to the NRPDB. This work represents significant progress in the computational identification of genomic TMBB sequences.
An NRPDB was constructed from the seqres text file available on the ftp site of the PDB (). The corresponding 50% clustering file () was used to select a set of protein sequences that were 50% or less identical to all other proteins. The database was further refined by the exclusion of proteins outside the chain length constraints of the prediction algorithm, i.e. between 60 and 4000 residues long, limiting the total number of members in the database to 14 238.
A total of 22 non-redundant (≤40% identical) TMBBs were analyzed for structural bioinformatic data (listed in Supplementary Table S1) as was previously done by Wimley (2002). Briefly, transformation of PDB coordinates to a bilayer plane was performed essentially as done by Wimley except the software used was the Accelerys DS Viewer available as a free download. The hydrophobicity profile used to center the TM section of each TMBB was performed by calculating the average hydrophobicity of the external residues using the Wimley–White hydrophobicity scale (White and Wimley, 1998). The average hydrophobicity within a 5-Å sliding window was calculated along the Y-axis using the structural Y-coordinates of the β-carbons (except for glycine where the α-carbon was used). The midpoint of the hydrophobic surface was used to transform the XYZ coordinates of a structure to a bilayer plane centered at 0 Å; the distance of the residues from that center was used to determine if they were located in the core region (0–6.5 Å) or in the interfacial region (>6.5–13.5 Å) (see Fig. 1). The resulting raw abundance values were normalized by comparison to the expected genome-wide abundance values (Supplementary Table S2). The abundances determined in this analysis were averaged with those generated by Wimley, weighting each group by the respective number of amino acids that contributed to the value calculation.
The TMBB prediction algorithm used was based on the method previously published by this lab (Wimley, 2002) with some modifications. Sequences shorter than 60 and longer than 4000 residues were excluded; these limits were set because sequences with fewer than 60 residues most likely cannot fold into TMBBs, which must have at least eight β-strands, and sequences longer than 4000 residues are uncommon and unlikely to be TMBBs (all of the known TMBBs are shorter than 1000 residues). Sequences were assigned abundance values (Fig. 1) in an alternating (dyad repeat) pattern of internal/external and external/internal using the core and interfacial values for the respective surfaces resulting in two separate abundance assignments (see Fig. 2 and Supplementary Fig. S1). The β-strand scores were calculated with a 10-residue-long sliding window that steps through the sequence one position at a time. Within the sliding window, the three anterior and posterior residues were assigned interfacial abundances while the four middle positions were assigned core abundances. This differs from the original algorithm that used an average of the core and interfacial values known as the whole or average bilayer value. The values within the two windows were summed and the greater sum was taken as the β-strand score of the median residue in the window, i.e. the 5.5th residue in the window. Next, the β-strand score was analyzed for β-hairpins using two 10-residue sliding windows separated by 5 fixed residues, which represents the hairpin turn. The maximum β-strand score was identified in each 10-residue window, stepping through one value in the data at a time. The β-hairpin score for the median residue in the window is the sum of the maxima in each 10-residue window. The β-barrel score is calculated as the sum of all β-hairpin score points whose value is greater than six divided by the natural log of the length of the sequence. The original algorithm used just the length of the sequence as the divisor; however, the natural log of the length is more appropriate as discussed in the results and discussion.
It was observed that many of the false positive predictions (i.e. non-TMBBs with high β-barrel scores) had a considerable abundance of amino acids that are typically more abundant in TMBBs, such as Tyr, which could lead to an artificially high β-barrel score. In an extreme example, a 100-residue-long sequence consisting only of Tyr residues receives a β-barrel score near 300, which is exceptionally high and would always be predicted to be a β-barrel. This observation led to the hypothesis that a gene whose composition is rich in high-scoring amino acids would receive a similarly high β-barrel score using either the native sequence or a randomized one. Therefore, a method was developed to test this hypothesis for TMBBs and non-TMBBs. Each protein sequence was randomly scrambled 1000 times and each scrambled version was analyzed using the Freeman–Wimley algorithm. All of the scores were averaged to obtain the mean randomized score (MRS). The MRS and SD (σ) were compared to the β-barrel score of the native sequence for statistical significance. A probability of 5% or less was considered to be significant thus, the β-barrel score for a protein must be at least 1.96 * σ greater than the MRS in order to pass the test.
All of the prediction and analysis programs used to perform this work were written in Delphi, which is an object-oriented version of the Pascal programming language. The programs were written and compiled using the freely available Turbo Delphi 2006 from Borland/Codegear and are provided at.
An NRPDB with a 50% similarity cutoff was constructed to test the prediction accuracy of the TMBB prediction algorithm developed in this lab (Wimley, 2002). The prediction accuracy was tested because this algorithm was developed to predict TMBBs in the genomes of Gram-negative bacteria and it was imperative to validate the accuracy of such predictions. Protein sequences were obtained from the PDB website,, thus each structure was known for each sequence. The number of sequences in the database totaled 14 238, where there were 48 true TMBBs and 14 190 non-TMBBs covering the full range of protein fold classes, including all β, all α, α/β and α + β supersecondary structures. This dataset is a stringent test case for estimating how well the TMBB prediction algorithm would perform against a genomic database whose sequences fold into a wide variety of supersecondary structures.
To test the performance of the original TMBB prediction algorithm, each sequence in the NRPDB was given a β-barrel score. The β-barrel score was used to rank predictions (i.e., greater β-barrel scores indicate stronger positive predictions) where positive predictions were determined by a prediction threshold of 0.41, which selected 46 of 48 known TMBBs. The two highest-scoring TMBBs were OmpX (1orm; β-barrel score = 4.98) and OmpA (1bxw; β-barrel score = 4.49) (Fernandez et al., 2001; Pautsch and Schulz, 1998). The selected threshold also positively predicted 1824 non-TMBB sequences (false positives). A closer inspection of the false positive predictions revealed that the two highest scoring proteins were endo-β-1,4-glucanase (1h8v; β-barrel score = 5.13) and xylanase D (1bcx; β-barrel score = 5.08) (Sandgren et al., 2001; Wakarchuk et al., 1994). Although the original TMBB prediction algorithm accurately identified known TMBBs, the rate of false positive predictions was unacceptably high.
The major reasons for the high rate of false positive predictions were investigated in order to make the algorithm more accurate, thus improving the efficacy of the algorithm as a tool for identifying genomic TMBBs. There were three major modifications to the algorithm that were prompted by the initial screening of the NRPDB: (i) the amino acid abundance values were updated to include the latest structural information; (ii) the β-strand prediction algorithm was modified to increase specificity for the recognition of TM β-strands; and (iii) an adjustment was made to the β-barrel score calculation to eliminate an intrinsic bias for shorter sequences.
The abundance values used to identify β-strands, which subsequently lead to the β-barrel scores used to rank TMBB predictions, were updated with the most recent structural information. The original abundance values used in the prediction algorithm were derived from the analysis of only 15 unique TMBB structures (Wimley, 2002). Over 20 new, unique structures have been solved since then, thus the amount of data from which amino acid abundances could be derived was increased more than 2-fold. Only TMBB structures with sequences that were <40% identical to any other sequences in the PDB were analyzed (see Supplementary Table S1) using the structural analysis method of Wimley (see Fig. 1). This analysis produced four raw abundance values for each natural amino acid, with the exception of cysteine, which was absent from all TM regions. The observed raw abundances were converted to relative abundances, which is a comparison of observed and expected abundances, and then were combined with Wimley's relative abundance values as weighted averages (see Supplementary Table S2). The updated relative abundances were derived from a total of 4667 amino acids from 37 protein structures.
The TMBB prediction algorithm was modified to utilize all of the available abundance information more comprehensively. The whole bilayer abundances, which are averages of the interfacial and hydrophobic core abundances for each residue, were used in the original prediction algorithm. However, some residues are distinctly more abundant in one subdomain than the other on a given surface. For example, leucine is nearly twice as abundant in the hydrophobic core as it is in the interface of the external surface; tyrosine is nearly twice as abundant in the interface as it is in the core of the external surface; and tryptophan is nearly five times more abundant in the interface than in the hydrophobic core of the external surface. Instead of assigning the average bilayer abundance to each residue in the window as was done previously, the interfacial abundances (internal or external) are assigned to the first and last three residues in the window, and core abundances (internal or external) are assigned to the four middle residues in the window. The new abundance value assignment method was termed the core-interfacial specific abundance assignment (CISA).
The β-barrel score calculation was modified to address an intrinsic bias for short sequences found in the NRPDB. The structures of TMBBs were inspected to gain insight as to why shorter sequences had a tendency to receive greater β-barrel scores than longer sequences (Fig. 3). The available structures showed that larger TMBBs often have substantial percentages of the protein structure dedicated to non-TMBB domains or subdomains, unlike the smaller TMBBs such as OmpX and OmpT (Vandeputte-Rutten et al., 2001; Vogt and Schulz, 1999). Many of the larger TMBBs, such as the dimeric PapC and BtuB, have a large N-terminal plug domain that occludes the lumen of the pore, and/or extensive protein–protein interaction domains that account for nearly a quarter of the sequence (Chimento et al., 2003; Remaut et al., 2008). The non-TM domains effectively dilute the β-hairpin density, which is reflected in the β-barrel score. It was observed that smaller proteins with only modest β-hairpin scores received exceedingly high β-barrel scores, leading to false positive predictions. It is apparent that β-hairpin density is relatively reduced in longer sequences, thus various modulations of the length were tested, such as truncating sequences longer than 500 residues and mathematically modifying the length (e.g. calculating the square root, cubed root, natural log, etc.). Taking the natural logarithm of the length outperformed all of the other models (data not shown) and was, therefore, used in the improved algorithm.
The sequences of the NRPDB were analyzed with each of the aforementioned algorithm modifications and given a new β-barrel score, which effectively distinguishes TMBBs from non-TMBBs (Supplementary Fig. S2).
A set of testing parameters were established in order to compare the effects of the various algorithm modifications on TMBB prediction performance (see Table 1). The prediction threshold, which is the minimum β-barrel score to be considered a positive prediction, was chosen for each modification so that 46 of 48 true TMBBs were considered positive predictions. The updated abundances resulted in a 2-fold reduction in the number of false positive predictions. The CISA β-strand prediction made a modest 3% decrease in the number of false positives. The modified β-barrel score calculation yielded the most substantial improvement with a nearly 3-fold reduction in the number of false positives. When all of these modifications were combined into a single algorithm (the Freeman–Wimley algorithm) the reduction in false positives was more than 3-fold. This vast improvement is attributable to improved statistics for abundance values, which allowed the CISA assignment to have a greater impact, and the alternate β-barrel score calculation. A more in-depth comparison between the original algorithm and the Freeman–Wimley algorithm is shown in Figure 4. The sensitivity, PPV and MCC are compared between both algorithms over a range of prediction thresholds. The rate of decrease in sensitivity is similar in both algorithms as the prediction threshold is increased. However, the PPV and MCC changes reveal that the Freeman–Wimley algorithm is superior at eliminating false positives, a capability that improves greatly as the threshold becomes higher.
The structures of some of the higher-scoring false positives were examined to better understand why their β-barrel scores were similar to known TMBBs. A review of the false positive structures revealed that they were β-sheet-rich with a varied number of anti-parallel β-strands similar in length to known TMBBs. Besides the observed structural similarities, some non-TMBBs have amino acid compositions, which are rich in favorable amino acids such as Tyr, thus the β-barrel score for such a sequence could be inflated because of composition. To test whether sequence or composition played a more prominent role in determining the β-barrel score, a randomized sequence analysis was performed on each sequence in the NRPDB as described in Section 2. Example distributions of β-barrel scores from the random sequence analysis are shown for one TMBB (Tsx) and one soluble non-TMBB (xylanase) in Figure 5. The β-barrel score of the native sequence is shown on each distribution for comparison with the MRS. The two-tailed probability (P) that a randomized sequence of the same composition would score as high as the native sequence is also shown. Although the β-barrel scores of the native sequences are similar among the two examples, the difference between the β-barrel score of the native sequence and the MRS is significant for the TMBB but not for the non-TMBB. This suggests that the sequences that correspond to TMBB structure are rare arrangements of a particular composition.
Figure 6 shows the randomized sequence analysis results for true and false positive predictions from the NRPDB where positives were predicted using a prediction threshold β-barrel score of 46. The plots for known TMBBs and false positives show the β-barrel scores of native sequences compared to the MRS ±1.96σ for all of the sequences tested. The β-barrel scores of the predicted true positives (N = 46) are all greater than their MRS where 80% of which are significantly greater than their MRS (P ≤ 0.05); this represents 77% of all known TMBBs in the NRPDB. However, the β-barrel scores of the false positives from the NRPDB (N = 599) were less different from their MRS where only 27% were significantly greater than their MRS (P ≤ 0.05). This result suggests that the β-barrel scores of most TMBBs are more strongly influenced by their sequences than their compositions and the opposite is true for the majority of false positives.
The sequences in the NRPDB belong to a wide range of structural classes. The number of positive predictions made by the Freeman–Wimley algorithm is compared to the additional screening using the MRS test and categorized by structural class in Supplementary Table S4. These results show that the most common type of false positive belongs to the all β-sheet class. The MRS test broadly reduced the total number of false positives by 73% and most effectively improved discrimination against all α-helix, coiled-coil and α/β folds.
The prediction efficiency was compared between the Freeman–Wimley algorithm with and without the MRS test in Figure 7. At comparable sensitivity levels, the MRS test decreased the rate of false positive predictions by as much as 50% and the overall efficiency increased by as much as 25%. This shows that the MRS test is a powerful tool that enhances the discriminatory power of the Freeman–Wimley algorithm.
Several examples of other prediction methods were collected from the literature to compare their performances to the performance of the Freeman–Wimley method (Gromiha and Suwa, 2006; Hu and Yan, 2008; Liu et al., 2003). The various selected methods included a variety of machine learning methods. The Freeman–Wimley algorithm was plotted in a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve and the ROC values of each method were plotted in Figure 8 (also see Supplementary Table S3 for more detailed data). These data show that the algorithm developed in this work clearly outperformed almost all other previously published methods.
A more statistically stringent comparison test was performed with algorithms that were publicly available and able to analyze the NRPDB. The prediction results from each algorithm are listed in Table 2. In each case, the Freeman–Wimley algorithm made nearly half as many false positive predictions as the other algorithms. The conclusion drawn from this data is that the Freeman–Wimley algorithm is the most accurate predictor of TMBBs currently available.
As previously mentioned, the purpose of improving the original TMBB prediction algorithm was to create a tool that could effectively identify TMBBs in genomic databases. The genome of E.coli, which is the most comprehensively annotated genome available, was analyzed and the results were compared to the analysis of the NRPDB in Figure 9.
The results for those E.coli genes, which were readily identifiable as being either TMBBs or non-TMBBs were included in this analysis. There were 36 TMBBs and 2385 non-TMBBs; the remaining 2718 hypothetical and putative proteins were ignored as well as 114 that were not analyzed because they were either shorter than 60 or longer than 4000 residues. The analysis results show that the algorithm is much more efficient at analyzing the known genes of E.coli than the NRPDB, which has sequences from a more phylogenetically diverse population. Furthermore, the results show that the NRPDB is a very stringent test case and suggests that genomic prediction results will be better.
An NRPDB was constructed to measure the prediction accuracy of the Freeman–Wimley algorithm. Since the structural identity of each sequence was known, correct and incorrect predictions were identified with greater certainty than the annotations made in other databases, such as SwissProt, which rely on presumed structural classifications for some of their entries. The conclusions drawn from analyzing the NRPDB are more reliable than using SCOP or Psort database annotations, which are more reliant on homology, because the structures of NRPDB sequences have all been manually verified rather than verified by computer algorithms (Murzin et al., 1995; Rey et al., 2005). Moreover, the non-TMBB proteins come from every kingdom of life, offering a diverse sampling of structures that may not be found in the genomes of Gram-negative bacteria. An advantage of such diversity is that it makes the NRPDB a very stringent test case for assessing the predictive power of an algorithm.
A total of 37 TMBBs were used for calculation of the abundance values. The 50% NRPDB test set included 35 members of the abundance value set and 13 unique TMBB sequences that were not in the abundance set (48 total). Between/among the positive training and testing sets there was no homology (median BLAST similarity <30%, median BLAST E-value = 1) except self-identity. To determine by another means if the presence of homologs was affecting the results presented above, a 20% NRPDB was constructed and tested as shown in Supplementary Figure S2. The results showed there was no difference in the prediction efficiency, thus the results reported from analyzing the 50% NRPDB were not influenced by the presence of homologous sequences.
All relevant sequence datasets are available as FASTA files in rich text format at. Four sequence files are given each for the 50% NRPDB and for the 20% NRPDB. The four files are: (i) the whole NRPDB; (ii) the NRPDB without the known TMBBs; (iii) all of the TMBBs in the test set that were not part of the training (abundance calculation) set; and (iv) the TMBBs in each NRPDB that were part of the training set. A separate file containing the entire abundance calculation set is also available.
Although the NRPDB includes sequences that were used to generate abundance values, bias is not a concern because this statistical approach is not readily subject to overfitting. The absence of bias was verified in the following ways.
First, the abundance values were not determined in the hidden layer of a machine learning method, where the parameters may be subject to inadvertent overfitting to the training set, and where cross-validation is essential to prove the robustness of the fit. Instead, abundance values were simply measured from structural data and compiled in overall average values. Traditional cross-validation is unnecessary as long as individual members, families or groups in the dataset do not have compositional data that are statistically different from the overall average. We compared the amino acid abundances from the new set of proteins (which contains several novel families) to the expected counts, which were based on previously published results using pairwise comparisons. It was found that the two sets of abundance values were not statistically different, indicating that the various families in the two datasets have the same inherent abundance values.
Second, we analyzed the entire NRPDB, which contains 48 TMBBs, with composition data generated from only the previously published abundance values (only 15 proteins), and only the new abundance values (only 22 different proteins). ROC curves were generated for each analysis. The area under the curve for each ROC was 0.975 for each of the two independent sets of abundance values. This result further illustrates that all abundance values appear to have been sampled from a single parent population without bias.
Third, 13 of the 48 TMBBs in the non-redundant test database were not part of the training/abundance set in any way. The prediction accuracy when the training set contains only the non-training set TMBBs is nearly the same as when all 48 of the TMBB proteins are in the training set (see Supplementary Table S5). Using a β-barrel score threshold of 90, the algorithm predicts 32/37 members of the training set, and predicts 9/13 of the unique positives in the test set. This performance is especially good because many of the 13 remaining sequences are non-canonical examples of TMBBs as discussed below in Section 4.5. This provides an additional cross-validation.
Fourth, we compared abundance values from a subset of individual proteins in the training set to the overall abundance and found no significant statistical differences suggesting, again, that the abundance values are derived from a single parent population which we sample by our statistical methods. In this statistical method, bias can only arise if the composition of a family of proteins in the training set is different enough from the average to influence the results. This is not the case.
Fifth, it should be noted that we did not use the 14 238 protein NRPDB dataset as a training set. Instead we used only 37 known β-barrel membrane proteins. The NRPDB contains 35 of those 37 proteins as well as 13 additional TMBBs not included in the abundance dataset. All together, the test database includes 14 203 proteins (out of 14 238 in the database, i.e. 99.75%) that were not used in any way to calculate statistical data used by the algorithm. Thus, the fractional overlap between the training set and the test database is only 0.0025. The NRPDB is, therefore, already an almost entirely independent test set for assessing and comparing the performance of the algorithm.
The MRS test was shown to be a powerful new way to reject false positives that received high scores because their compositions may have included unusually high numbers of favorable residues such as tyrosine. However, a major technical impediment to using the MRS test is that it increases the processing time for a dataset by three orders of magnitude, which can be cumbersome for very large genomic datasets. Thus, performing the MRS test is less practical on such large datasets. Nevertheless, the MRS test adds great strength to the discriminatory power of the β-barrel score while having a minimal impact on the sensitivity. This test also further supports the well-known hypothesis that a structure is encoded by the specific sequence, and depends less on the composition (Anfinsen and Scheraga, 1975).
In spite of making the best efforts to eliminate all false positive predictions, certain proteins always received β-barrel scores comparable to the highest scoring TMBBs. A number of non-TMBB sequences are still predicted to be positive after the various improvements made to the algorithm. The supersecondary structures of most of these proteins were mostly β, α/β or α+β. The structures reveal the presence of amphipathic β-sheets with similar compositions to TMBB β-sheets, which explains the prediction results. It appears that the various amphipathic helices, turns and side-chain interactions between β-strands are structural factors that allow the same type of β-sheets found in TMBBs to exist in a soluble form. Most of the false positives designated the all α classification belong to the six-[α-]hairpin glycosidase superfamily such as 1f9d (Parsiegla et al., 2000). Interestingly, nearly one-third of the structure of 1f9d contains β-sheet, which was identified as the high-scoring section of the sequence (data not shown), thus 1f9d should be classified as having α+β supersecondary structure. Another protein classified as all α, 1sp3 (a putative cytochrome C), also has a significant portion of the sequence folded into β-sheets (Mowat et al., 2004). This protein is also the only ‘all α’ false positive that passed the MRS test, which was not particularly surprising given that there is a well-ordered β-sheet in the structure and the residues in many of the short helices have an alternating pattern of hydrophobicity. Although it is difficult for the current TMBB prediction algorithm to distinguish these types of soluble proteins from TMBBs, their overall occurrence in a proteobacterial genome is presumably less frequent than in the more stringent NRPDB. This explains the much higher PPVs observed in the analysis of the E.coli genome compared to the NRPDB.
There were three porin-like TMBBs that scored poorly and did not pass the MRS test. The structures of sucrose porin (1a0s), NalP (1uyn) and the lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-O-deacylase, PagL (2erv), were examined to understand why they did not fit the prediction model used by the algorithm (Oomen et al., 2004; Rutten et al., 2006; Wang et al., 1997). The reason these protein sequences scored worse than the other porins is that the sequences in some of the β-strands deviate from the dyad repeat pattern expected by the prediction model. In each case, there were multiple β-strands with hydrophobic side chains facing the interior surface of the pore. The significance of this is that two to three consecutive hydrophobic residues in a β-strand is inconsistent with the dyad repeat pattern of alternating hydrophobicity seen more commonly in TM β-strands. In the prediction model of the Freeman–Wimley algorithm, β-strands with deviations from the canonical pattern receive lower β-strand scores, which subsequently result in reduced local β-hairpin scores and consequently, lower β-barrel scores. The impact this has on a β-barrel score is significant because any regions of the sequence that receive β-hairpin scores less than six do not count toward the β-barrel score; so if one or two β-strands each have one deviation from the dyad repeat pattern, then the β-barrel score could be reduced substantially.
Another group of TMBBs that includes low-scoring members is the multimeric single-pore-formers (i.e. the sequences of individual protomers that assemble to form a single TM pore such as OprM, TolC and α-hemolysin; Akama et al., 2004; Koronakis et al., 2000; Song et al., 1996). There are three classes of proteins that form multimeric single pores in the NRPDB: the multi-drug efflux pumps, the cytolysins, and a trimeric autotransporter. The multi-drug efflux pumps received low scores, ranging from 46 to 69 and they all failed the MRS test. The proteins in this class have very little β-sheet content, have extensive helical content, which dilutes the β-hairpin density, and were, therefore, expected to receive low β-barrel scores. The cytolysins have more β-sheet content than the multi-drug efflux pumps and received β-barrel scores ranging from 64 to 183. Interestingly, the only part of proteins in this class that actually contribute to membrane insertion is a single β-hairpin, which contributes 15–40 points to the β-barrel score. Lastly, a monomer of the homotrimeric autotransporter, Hia (2gr7; Meng et al., 2006), was the only TMBB to receive a β-barrel score of 0. The short sequence (129 residues) is dominated by an α-helix that constitutes a third of the sequence. Although the two β-hairpins are not readily discerned by the prediction algorithm, concatenating the sequence (i.e. consecutively pasting more than one copy of the sequence) allows for the detection of both β-hairpins in the penultimate copy of the monomeric sequence. This illustrates the need to address the loss of information content at the termini of sequences caused by the algorithm. Together, these observations imply that this algorithm is not as useful for the prediction of multimeric single barrels as it is for the single-molecule TMBBs. This, however, is not especially problematic since multimeric single barrels represent a small proportion of TMBBs.
Machine learning methods are a reasonable choice for decoding the enigmatic sequences of TMBBs and can produce high prediction accuracies. However, this work shows that a good statistical approach with solid hypothesis testing can surpass the accuracy of machine learning methods and carries the added advantage of advancing the understanding of the underlying physical principles that govern TMBB structure. Furthermore, most machine-learning methods do not reveal the specific properties of TMBBs used to make their predictions. Indeed, there is little attention given to elucidating the quintessential features of a sequence that lead to a certain fold and much less attention given to exploring the details that lead to false results.
In this study, an algorithm developed to predict TMBBs from genomic sequences, first developed in this lab, was modified to improve the accuracy of the algorithm. The lab's original algorithm works well at identifying known TMBBs, but has a limited capacity to discriminate against non-TMBBs in the NRPDB. Various weaknesses were improved, which led to a dramatic enhancement in overall prediction efficiency. The Freeman–Wimley algorithm distinguishes TMBBs from other proteins with very high accuracy in the NRPDB, which was a very stringent test case, and outperformed any previously published algorithm. The most important aspect of this prediction algorithm is that it is based on an explicit understanding of the physicochemical properties involved in the structure of known TMBBs. With regard to identifying the optimal user-selected threshold, it was observed that protein sequences that score less than 45 can be accurately classified as non-TMBBs, while a threshold between 90 and 135 is optimal for achieving the greatest sensitivity and highest confidence that positive predictions are true TMBBs. Additionally, a positive result from the MRS test combined with a high β-barrel score makes a prediction substantially stronger. All of the evidence presented in this work validates the basic principles established in the development of the original algorithm and has culminated in a highly refined algorithm which is the most accurate TMBB prediction method to date. Furthermore, the analysis of the E.coli genome showed that this algorithm can satisfactorily perform the task of identifying TMBB-encoding genes in genomic databases. The work presented here showcases the development of a powerful tool that will be used to identify TMBBs from the genomes of Gram-negative bacteria. The predictions will be stored in a database, which may facilitate a much more rapid expansion in the study of this fascinating structural class of membrane proteins.
We would like to acknowledge Aram Krauson and Jessica Marks for their critical reading of this manuscript.
Funding: National Institutes of Health (NIH) (grant GM060000) and Louisiana Board of Regents (LA BOR) Research Commercialization and Educational Enhancement Program RC/EEP-05(2007-10).
Conflict of Interest: none declared.- Fund Type: Open-End Fund
- Objective: Aggregate Bond Intermediate
- Asset Class: Fixed Income
- Geographic Focus: Argentina
Cima Renta Fija Argentina Plus+ Add to Watchlist
CRFARPB:AR1,762.95 ARS 1.02 0.06%
As of 00:59:30 ET on 05/21/2015.
Snapshot for Cima Renta Fija Argentina Plus (CRFARPB)
Mutual Fund Chart for CRFARPB
- CRFARPB:AR 1,762.95
…
Previous Close
- 1W
- 1M
- YTD
- 1Y
- 3Y
- 5Y
Open: High: Low:Volume:
Recently Viewed Symbols
Save as Watchlist
Saving as watchlist...
Fund Profile & Information for CRFARPB
Cima Renta Fija Argentina Plus is an open-end fund registered in Argentina. The Fund's objective is total return. The Fund invests in fixed-income instruments.
Fundamentals for CRFARPB
Dividends for CRFARPB
No dividends reported
Fees & Expenses for CRFARPB
Top Fund Holdings for CRFARPB
Holding Data Unavailable.
Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Mutual fund NAVs include dividends. All prices in local currency. Time is ET.
Sponsored Link
Recommended Symbols:
Advertisement
- 1
- 2
- 3
- 4
- 5
Related News
Advertisement
Sponsored Links
AdvertisementsHubert Dil Dilworth Performer Male Productions ProductionsDate of ProductionsHouse of Flowers[Musical, Original] Performer: Hubert Dilworth [Townsperson] Understudy: Hubert Dilworth [The Houngan]Dec 30, 1954 - May 21, 1955Bloomer Girl[Musical, Comedy, Revival] Performer: Hubert Dilworth [Pompey]Jan 06, 1947 - Feb 15, 1947Bloomer Girl[Musical, Comedy, Original] Performer: Hubert Dilworth [Augustus]Oct 05, 1944 - Apr 27, 1946Carmen Jones[Musical, Original] Performer: Hubert Dilworth [Ensemble]Dec 02, 1943 - Feb 10, 1945 Find out where Hubert Dilworth and are credited together © 2001-2015, The Broadway League, All Rights Reserved. (Copyright and Disclaimer)PanARMENIAN.Net - An Armenian army soldier, staff sergeant Artak Galstyan received a mortal wound on Jan 26 by his co-serviceman, lance sergeant Yuri Gareginyan.
Investigation is underway, press service of Armenian Defense Ministry reported.
The Scottish New Year is known as Hogmanay and both New Year's Eve and New Year's Day were also known as Daft Days....]
Browser History As The New Personal...]
OkCupid Launches People Discovery Service Tallygram
The … [Read more...]
OKCupid’s My Best Face Remains Awesome
Here...]
Photo Likes Are The New Winks On Dating Sites
Back in the day, every dating site had some sort of a wink feature. Called by many different names, the feature was a lightweight way for one dating site members to show interest in each other. For women, for the most part, winks were more trouble than they were worth. I can't tell you how many times I've listened to women absolutely go off on guys who wink at them … [Read more...]
Match Executive Moves, Legal Win, Airtime Bombs, Taploid Launches
Lots going on with the announcement that Sam Yagan is now the CEO of Match, Inc, and Mandy Ginsberg as the CEO of Match.com. Congrats to Sam, I'll have more on this remarkable executive shuffle next week. Does Match.com Have To Make Sure Its Member Profiles are Real and Accurate? In a word, no. A legal expert dives into the ruling in the article, worth a read. A guy … [Read more...]
OkCupid Launching Roommate-Matching Service
Not satisfied with running the best dating site on the planet, OkCupid parent company Humor Rainbow appears to be launching a service to help match up potential roommates. If Humor Rainbow can pull it off, the process of searching, finding and vetting potential roommates is about to get a whole easier, fun and more interesting. I've done market sizing and scenario analysis … ...]Beaumont Superintendent Carrol Thomas received a favorable review Thursday night. That means, the highest paid superintendent in Texas will receive an automatic pay raise, bringing his salary close to $360,000.
Thomas said he would accept the raise and give the money to charity. However, he did not specify which charity.
Thursday's review was a regular, annual appraisal of Thomas before trustees approve his contract.
Trustees considered items like Thomas' leadership abilities and communication skills for more than an hour in executive session before emerging back into the open session.
Board members voted 6-1 to approve the review and five-year contract renewal.
District 6 trustee Tom Neild cast the dissenting vote.Nice Pic
... with the disclaimer "artistic impression".
You may wish to clarify the analogy for our American friends, as they lack both Euros and kms in their Imperialistic lands. …
... with the disclaimer "artistic impression".
You may wish to clarify the analogy for our American friends, as they lack both Euros and kms in their Imperialistic lands.
Never seen one. Can't we use good ol' decimal on here :)
Surely it's only a matter of time before someone complains about this sordid combination of metric units and continental currency and why don't you use a more common comparision of a thrupenny bit at a distance of 27 furlongs?
And before anyone asks, I haven't bothered to check if the two are the same...
25.75 mm at 198.838782 furlongs or 0.00417561441 rods at 5.431536 kilometers
We in the UK also are lacking both Euros and kms... so JP can add the UK to his/her sneer list.
That has to be the strangest unit of measurement I've come across. How big does a two euro coin appear at 40km distance? I've no idea. I thought I'd test it out by propping a two euro coin against the wall and then travelling 40km away. But now I can't see the coin for all the hills and trees in the way.
40 km is beyond the curvature of the earth. You'd have to do that in space. And how many of us can afford the $20M to do that? And I'd probably forget to drop by a European bank to pick up the coin on the way to the cosmodrome, so I'd have to do the whole thing all over again..
And let's not foget the Earth, as commonly believed now, is round. So that 40km would have to be a straight line from person to coin. That would mean x-ray vision through the Earth.
I think you need to be a little more culturally sensitive. I can't begin to imagine how many people will be offended by this title! Instead of using such inflamitory language perhaps you should have thought a little and come up with something more sensitive such as:
'Little person of African descent chills own turbomachinery'
.....midget star, splurge shocker
.....jade : why i love the midget gush star
.....spunky midget found behind uranus
.....paris and space midget video exclusive
all of those could have been far worse
*too much time on hands, damn the days after bank holidays*Ross Baker Political scientist, Rutgers University :
Obama's veteran problem is a Democratic Party problem.
After all, the party's most successful politician prior to Obama was Bill Clinton who actively sought to avoid military service. So bad is the part's standing with vets that even the nomination of John Kerry with his Silver Star and multiple Purple Hearts couldn't vanquish bush and his dubious stint in the Texas air National Guard during the Vietnam War.
A measurable part of the Democratic base consists of pacifists or people habitually averse to foreign military involvements, who oppose aggressive interrogation of terrorism suspects and demand the closing of Guantanamo, and sport bumper stickers that urge the military to raise their money with bake sales. This is not company in which most veterans would feel at home.MazeLock
- User
- 5.5
- Not bad
- 27
- Softonic
- 8
- Very good
- Very good
- Your rating:
-
Your rating has been saved
Oops, something's gone wrong. Try again.
- License:
- Free
- Language:
- OS:
-
- Latest version:
- 1.0.0 (S60 3rd) 19/07/11
- Last month's downloads:
- 6,572
-
- MazeLock (S60 3rd)
- Kaspersky Anti-Virus Mobile
Articles MazeLock
Discover alternatives to and add-ons for MazeLock
Searches MazeLock
maze locks
download maze lock 5233
lock 5235
mazelock 1.0.0
c 5 mazelock download
mazeloc
lock mobile 5233
- maze lock 0.1.0 s60 3rd
- free maz lock
- maze lock s 40
- mazelock all
- 6120c security lock software
- maz lo
- loc
- 5230 free mazelock
- p lock
- free download nokia 5233 lock
- security locked
- maze lock 5236
Laws concerning the use of this software vary from country to country. We do not encourage or condone the use of this program if it is in violation of these laws.It is frustrating to find a leak in a water hose. Depending on the size of the leak, you could be wasting up to a hundred dollars worth of water during the average year. Fortunately you can use a sachet of Sugru to repair just about any type of hose leak.
Instructables user Brennn10 offers the following instructions for fixing leaks: Make sure there is no water in the interior of the hose and use a cloth or your t-shirt to make sure the area around the leak is both dry and clean. Next, remove your Sugru and roll it in your hands for a minute or so and form it into the shape of a snake. Wrap the snake horizontally around the leak—ideally the ends should overlap to ensure a strong bond. Now you just flatten down the Sugru and wait 24 hours for it to cure.
After 24 hours turn on the hose and check to make sure the Sugru patch fixed the leak. For other ways Sugru can make your life better, check out all Lifehacker posts about Sugru.
Advertisement
How to Repair a Leaky Hose with Sugru | InstructablesWCDMA - Requirements and Practical Design
Editor(s): Rudolf Tanner, Jason Woodard
Published Online: 28 JAN 2005
Print ISBN: 9780470861776
Online ISBN: 9780470861790
DOI: 10.1002/0470861797
About this Book.
WCDMA: Requirements and Practical Design:
- Offers in-depth coverage of the critical issues in designing a UMTS handset modem.
- Discusses the practical design elements of a UMTS modem.
- Authored by leaders in their field, working at Ubinetics.
Highly relevant to professional software engineers, Design engineers, Electrical engineers (RF base-band, DSP software, protocol software), technical managers, postgraduate students and academics.My G9 80 Turbo (the 16 GB, 1.2 GHz model) arrived a couple of days ago. $299 online from Adorama.com. And I have to say that I'm pretty thrilled with it. I thought long and hard before I bought it. I wanted a tablet in the 7-9 inch range, and read a lot of reviews of everything that was coming out. The professional reviewers haven't been very kind to the G9's, but I was impressed with some of the end user reviews I read--particularly a couple of very in-depth pieces on modaco.com. The system isn't without it's flaws -- the screen smear when you press on the back of the tablet is still present, but at least on mine it doesn't seem to happen very often. In fact, I didn't notice it all for a couple of days until it popped up tonight when I was holding the tablet with my fingers pressing in the middle of the back cover. And the way your micro-SD card extends a millimeter or two out of the slot when inserted is a bit disconcerting, and could lead to accident ejections. But hey, at least it has a memory card slot--the lack of which was a big part of my decision not to look closely at the Samsung Galaxy 8.9. Overall, I'm much more impressed with the build quality than I had expected to be. The G9 80 is a lot sleeker and polished-looking than some reviews had led me to believe, and feels very solid without being overly heavy. (At 17.9 ounces it's four ounces lighter than an iPad 2). It runs Honeycomb 3.2 like a dream -- page transitions are very smooth, apps run as expected, and the system overall seems quite stable. I haven't run into any app compatibility issues, and I've been installing and running a lot of apps the last few days. WIFI performance is great, and it connects easily. Performance wise, the Turbo model more than holds its own against pricier tablets, at least if the standard benchmarks are reliable. I ran SmartBench 2011 on it tonight, and over three runs got scores averaging 3857 on the productivity benchmark and 2987 on the games benchmark. By way of comparison, SmartBench reports average scores of 3165/2487 for the Asus Transformer, 2985/2389 for the Motorola Xoom, 3164/2487 for the Acer Iconia Tab, and 3008/2495 for the Samsung Galaxy Tab, all of which I believe run 1GHz Tegra 2 processors. So my scores topped the average of all those much pricier devices by an average of 25% on the productivity benchmark, and 21% on the games benchmark. Not bad for a $299 tablet. When I ordered the G9 80 Turbo, I expected that it would be a decent but perhaps somewhat unimpressive tablet. It turned out to be considerably more than that. So this bargain from Archos gets my highest recommendation. »
Microsoft’s ambitious Windows Azure cloud is many things — it’s a full-fledged PaaS for developers. But beneath that, it is also a huge pool of foundational storage infrastructure for rent. And… Read more »
Demand in China will drive global demand. The overwhelming interest in the media tablet and the vast number of users in that country will provide plenty of opportunity for tablet vendors. Read more »Calling Behavioral Health Services About Depression
Behavioral Health Services provides counseling services, and its medical staff can help decide if antidepressant medicine is appropriate.
Group Health members can call Behavioral Health Services for an appointment.
Seeing Your Doctor First
You do not need a referral from a doctor to contact Behavioral Health Services. However, it's a good idea to see your doctor first. He or she is familiar with your medical history and can rule out other medical conditions that could be causing your symptoms.
If you do have depression, your doctor may prescribe an antidepressant medicine or refer you for counseling, if that's the best treatment for you. Or you may receive both antidepressants and counseling.
Your doctor will refer you to Behavioral Health Services if he or she feels that a specialist is needed for your medicine.
What to Expect When You Call
When you call Behavioral Health Services, a patient access representative or trained clinician will ask you a few questions over the phone about how you've been feeling physically and emotionally. Many of these questions are asked even if your doctor referred you.
These questions help determine the level of your depression, including whether you have been feeling at risk of harming yourself. Also, the questions help in matching you with a counselor or other specialist with whom you'll feel comfortable.
The other specialists in Behavioral Health Services include nurse practitioners and psychiatrists who can assess your medical condition and whether you should think about taking an antidepressant medicine.
Group Health
Reviewed 03/01/2014Sandi J Holland
Ghost Of A Smile - Poem by Sandi J Holland
I remember your ghost of a smile.
It flickered across your lips,
And your eyes followed suit,
Twinkling merrily
As you dropped your head
In shyness.
I saw your essence,
And it was sweet, pure,
With longing tenderness.
I hope I shall be graced again.
Poet's Notes about The Poem
Appreciating the smile of someone who maybe doesn't do it very often, or lightly.
Read this poem in other languages
This poem has not been translated into any other language yet.
I would like to translate this poem »
Poem Submitted: Tuesday, August 13, 2013
Poem Edited: Wednesday, August 14,
@Aleks
Thanks for reading. I'm so inspired when my poetry inspires someone else :) (Report) Reply
Sandi, I love this poem and I'm genuinely inspired.Thank you for this wonderful verses! (Report) Reply
It takes more muscles for a frown instead of a smile.
Light up someones life with a beautiful smile. The rewards
are many. Liked it. (Report) Reply
@Jesus James Llorico
Memories like this are sweet because it was a sharing of a real smile, shared without guile or deceit. Thanks for visiting. (Report) Reply
Thinking of someone who smile like that is beautiful indeed,
it brings so many sweet memories. (Report) Reply
Thank you both, Khairul Ahsan & Bradley Jay Phipps, for reading and sharing your thoughts. I like writing the notes to my poems, and I've only known one person who struck me like this, or at least I haven't noticed since. (Report) Reply
Thanks for sharing the cute smile with us. The note makes it look cuter.10/10. (Report) ReplyHome-building rises, but worries persist
Wednesday, October 21, 2009
New-home construction rose modestly last month, according to government data released Tuesday. But the uptick was less than expected as economists continued to worry that the expiration of a tax credit for first-time home buyers could sap recent growth in the housing market.
Housing starts grew 0.5 percent in September compared with August, to a seasonally adjusted 590,000 annual rate, according to the Commerce Department. That was less than the annual rate of 615,000 analysts had forecast and down 28 percent from the same period last year.
The data reflect the uneven beginning of a long housing recovery, analysts said. "The recovery will be far from vigorous. Rather, it will be a gentle, halting, drawn-out affair," said Mike Larson, a real estate analyst at Weiss Research. "Think three steps forward, two steps back here."
The weaker-than-expected housing numbers overshadowed strong earnings reports from several companies and sent stocks down Tuesday. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.5 percent, to 10,041.48, while the broader Standard & Poor's 500-stock index dropped 0.6 percent, to 1091.06.
The rise in housing starts was largely driven by a 3.9 percent increase in construction of single-family homes, which offset a decline in the multifamily market, which includes apartment buildings. Construction starts in that market, which are often volatile, fell 15.2 percent last month. A 7.1 percent increase in housing starts in the South, which includes the Washington region, made up for declines in the rest of the country.
But many analysts were focused on a decline in applications for building permits, considered a sign of future activity. Applications fell 1.2 percent in September.
That could indicate that the recent increase in home sales spurred by the first-time-home-buyer tax credit has already begun to wane, analysts said. The $8,000 tax credit expires at the end of next month, and housing industry economists and lobbyists are pushing for its extension and expansion.
"We're concerned about that," said Robert Denk, assistant vice president for forecasting and analysis at the National Association of Home Builders. "The expiration of the tax credit has the potential to prolong the pain" in the housing market.
Pressure to extend the credit has been building on Capitol Hill, but Shaun Donovan, secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, told a Senate committee Tuesday that the administration has not decided whether to support it. "In general, the tax credit has been a positive force in the market," he said. But given the other actions the administration is taking to boost the housing market, including keeping interest rates low, the expiration of the credit would not be "catastrophic," he said.
Continued softness in new-home construction does not spell doom for the entire housing market, said Craig Thomas, a senior economist for PNC Financial Services Group. There has already been stabilization of home prices in some parts of the country and there are still too many existing homes on the market, he said.
"We don't need any new houses. A muted pace of housing starts, that is just fine with me," Thomas said. "There are so many other good indicators of a broadly stabilizing, improving economy out there, we don't need this one indicator to establish that higher confidence."
Meanwhile, wholesale prices declined more than expected last month because of a decline in energy prices. The producer price index fell 0.6 percent on a seasonally adjusted basis, according to the Labor Department. Analysts had expected a 0.3 percent decline.
The data included a 2.4 percent drop in energy prices, led by falling gasoline prices. Excluding food and energy, which can be volatile, prices fell 0.1 percent. Analysts had expected them to rise 0.1 percent.
The decline in core prices was a pleasant surprise and means that with inflation under control the Federal Reserve will not face pressure soon to raise interest rates, said Brian Bethune, financial economist for IHS Global Insight. Most of the decline was related to dropping prices of technology products, he said. "It gives companies an opportunity to upgrade their infrastructure. . . . It increases the purchasing power," he said.
Staff writer Dina ElBoghdady contributed to this report.Dr. William Schaffner, professor and chairman of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center, and Meredith Vandermeer of the Oregon Public Health Division, said the observational study evaluated the relationship between statin use and mortality in hospitalized patients with laboratory-confirmed influenza virus infection.
The researchers studied adults who were hospitalized with laboratory-confirmed influenza from 2007 to 2008 to evaluate the association between influenza-related deaths and patients who were prescribed statins.
The study, published in The Journal of Infectious Diseases, found among 3,043 hospitalized patients with laboratory-confirmed influenza, 33 percent were given statin medications prior to or during hospitalization.
After adjusting for various factors, researchers found patients not receiving statins were almost twice as likely to die from influenza as those who received the medication, the study said.
"We may be able to combine statins with antiviral drugs to provide better treatment for patients seriously ill with influenza," Schaffner said in a statement.
Schaffner stressed receiving the influenza vaccine each year is still the best defense against influenza.Artist: Fly Paper
Title: ‘Fly Paper’
Website:
Overall Album Vibe: The band Fly Paper started out life as lead singer/lead guitarist Micaela Kingslight’s solo act in 2008. Fast forward to when Micaela meets Joe Chamberlin (bass/vocals) who worked on her “Still” release. Then in late 2010 the final piece of the band puzzle fell into place when drummer Ashley Ickes was added. The band officially changed their name to Fly Paper in early 2011. The band’s new self-titled debut release is a mix of alt/ blues/ rock music with undertones of jazz beats also sprinkled throughout it. While Micaela Kingslight’s lead vocals are the rudder that masterfully steers this musical ship, with songs lasting on average 5-6 minutes there’s a lot of room left for the instrumentation (guitars/drums) to romp also freely in the songs. The best track on the release is, “Blackwater.” A track that offers up a rock sound with some blues notes added in and features a plethora of both guitar and drum work that’s well complimented by Micaela Kingslight’s vocals.
Review Tagline: On their self-titled debut the band Fly Paper offers up a delightful mix of music that’s filled with lively guitar and drum beats that’s topped off with magnetic vocals.
Standout Tracks: “Blackwater”, “Any Minute”, “It’s Gonna Rain”
Review by C.W. Ross
DiscussionLawmaker proposes pension approach
HARRISBURG — A key Republican lawmaker proposed borrowing $9 billion on Monday as part of an approach to rein in the soaring costs of pensions for nearly 380,000 Pennsylvania teachers and state employees.
Rep. Glen Grell advocates establishing a cash balance retirement plan for newly hired employees that would guarantee an annual return of at least 4 percent.
He would offer financial incentives to benefits of employees foundered amid opposition from unions that said it during 30 years.
The $9 billion in borrowing would address almost a decade of pension underfunding by previous legislatures and governors, and signal the state's resolve to meet its pension obligations, he said.
The state would cover debt service he estimated at $550 million a year.
Under the proposed cash balance pension plan, hires and taxpayers would share the risk of investing, contributing 7 percent of their pay while employers would chip in an additional 4 percent initially and 5 percent after 15 years of service. Investment returns of more than the guaranteed 4 percent would be split between employee and employer.
Spokesmen for the governor's budget office and the House Republican caucus declined to discuss specific objections to Grell's proposal.,” PSEA President Mike CrosiHerb Отзывы Покупателей
Позиции 1-3 из 3
Kidney Failure in dogs<<
Отзыв оставлен Reviewer1471326 Nov 12, 2011
Works well for me. Good for kidneys and general health.
worst product
Отзыв оставлен Reviewer1035826 May 17, 2015
Beware!! Urea and creatinine increased within 1 week of taking this product, confirmed with blood investigation twice.
Позиции 1-3 из 3BlogTalkRadio
WDW Fan Zone BlogCast #65 Part 2
On this extra episode of the WDW Fan Zone Blogcast Elaine Massey returns to continue discussing her very recent Disney World vacation with Stuart , Lottie and Kurt...
The City Fan
Impromptu show
I will be discussing my experience at the NFL owners meetings in San Francisco
What does it mean to be a city fan? I'll be taking call for an hour
Nfl Fan podcast #1 Washington Redskins
ibs yeezus discuss the upcoming season with Washington redskin fan rep and fan
Thirty-Third Show - Disciples for Jesus Christ Love
in Christianity
Jesus and Penecost
Acts 1
Incarcerated Love- “The Wounded heart..”
Incarcerated Love- “The Wounded heart..”
Sup60 Love Hunt Music Night
Tonight we are excited to bring you music from our featured artist, Love Hunt. Gonna play some great music and talk with callers. Don't miss out.
Praying with Love and Power!
in Spirituality
We are praying tonight! There are many things going on in the world and we need prayer. We have made it by the grace of God to the middle of the week. We are seeking favor and grace from God. Some people are seeking answers, miracles and blessings. Tonight, we are praying with power and we have favor all around us. Believe it or not, God is smilng on us and those who have turned away shall see what Israel saw. We must find and seek Jesus today.
Young people-I recommend Jesus. You are never too young or old to know him. I can promise you that you will need Jesus one day. You will tire of running and will seek his face so just do it now.
If you want to be on the ministry-emonya_love@yahoo.com
My hubsalfreda.hubpages.com
love and peace
in Christianity
God loves.
- ...
Today's Best Podcasts
Join Host Live Chats
- Freedom Doors Ministries (4 chatters)
- Prophet Laron Matthews (1 chatters)
Get Social with BTRWe're 819 Singles
We're 212 Single Golfers
We're 114 Tampa Jewish Singles
We're 70 Believers
We're 38 Singles
We're 1,674 Active Members
We're 897 Fabulous Singles 50's & 60's
We're 534 Single Warriors
We're 419 Tampa Bay Singles Music & Dance
We're 184 Singles
We're 1,339 Singles
We're 1,101 Singlers
We're 58 Single Moms Club
We're 162 Largo Singles
We're 35 Minglers
We're 52 Fun and Active Singles
We're 98 Out & About @ 50
We're 50 Single Entrepreneurs
We're 256 Catholic Singles
We're 333 Friends
We're 170 Trendy Singles
We're 622 Awesome Singles
We're 100 Singles
We're 57 Ball-ers
We're 250 Socialites
We're 380 Diners
We're 102 Members
We're 129 Members Traveling Baby Boomers
We're 233 Dating Singles
We're 39 Fans
We're 11 fabulous fifties
We're 129 Friends Around the Bay Members
We're 471 Minglers
We're 5 Everyone!
We're 404 SUP'er heroes
We're 50 ValricoKickballers
We're 118 Awesome Girlfriends
We're 55 Bachelors and Bachelorettes
We're 55 Advertisers
We're 8 Amigos en la Misma SintoniaWater
Bulldozer
1 / 1
AddHybrid Bulldozers?
- Bruno Vanzieleghem
- May 1, 2006
- Add
1 / 1
TRENDING
AdvertisementWe do our best to keep the DMV hours and days of operation up to date. These can change frequently, We suggest confirming with your local office before your visit.
Sheboygan License & Registration of Sheboygan, Wisconsin
- Tuesday
- Wednesday
- Thursday
- Friday
- 8:30am -4:45pm
- 8:30am -4:45pm
- 8:30am -4:45pm
- 8:30am -4:45pm
- 8:30am -4:45
- Chilton Driver's License 27.1 miles
- Manitowoc Driver's License 22.2 miles
- West Bend License & Registration 33.1 miles
- Saukville Service Center 27.2 miles
Quickly obtain your driver record to check for tickets, points and the status of your license.Check Your Driving Record ▶
Prepare to pass the written driver's license exam with online practice tests.Take a Practice Test ▶HOME Indiana Hoosiers Gear Indiana Hoosiers Mens Indiana Hoosiers Mens Home Office & School (7 items) Product ID: 789507
Main Content
This item ships within one business day.
$4.99 flat rate shipping. See other shipping options.
Description
Whether you’re saving for tickets to a typical Hoosiers game or to see them in a championship, you’re sure to save even faster for your team when you drop your money into this Hoosiers-inspired piggy bank! This thematic piggy bank features solid resin construction and an Indiana wordmark on the side, and this little piggy is also sporting Indiana-inspired stripes allover. Hoosiers piggy bank
- Quality resin construction
- Stopper on bottom for easy money removal
-.- News
- Sports
- Business
- Entertainment
- Community
- Lifestyles
- Opinion
- Driveway
- National
B.C. invests in higher learning
Post-secondary students have raised issues around student loans and grants and increased funding to post-secondary institutions. Here are the facts on post-secondary institution and student funding in British Columbia:
– The Province has limited tuition increases at public institutions to two per cent per year since 2005 - to ensure post-secondary education in B.C. is affordable for both students and taxpayers.
– According to Statistics Canada, this year’s increase was 50 per cent less than the Canadian average (four per cent). This is the fifth straight year that B.C.’s tuition increase has remained below the national average increase.
– In the last year, B.C.’s tuition increase worked out to less than $90 a year for the average university student and less than $60 a year for college students. This is the equivalent of buying one less cup of coffee each week.
– Students pay less than one-third of the actual cost of a post-secondary education.
– B.C. has developed programs that provide the most benefits to students who finish their studies - either reducing or forgiving their loans, making it easier for graduates to get out of debt faster.
– In 2009-10, the Province forgave or reduced the loans for more than 22,000 students and provided more than $250 million (in loans, grants and loan reduction) to students accessing financial aid.
– As well, 37 per cent of all B.C. student loan dollars awarded were converted to non-repayable aid through the B.C. Loan Reduction Program.
– This year, the Province is spending over $1.8 billion in operating funding for post-secondary institutions in B.C. - exactly the same as last year’s overall funding.
– Since 2001, B.C. has expanded the post-secondary system by more than 33,000 seats, increased the number of universities by seven and invested more than $2 billion in capital and infrastructure.
Community Events, May 2015
Read the latest eEdition
Browse the print edition page by page, including stories and ads.
May 18 edition online now. Browse the archives.South Korea ferry disaster: Service honours victims
23 April 2014 Last updated at 18:46 BST
An emotional memorial service has taken place to remember the victims of the South Korean ferry disaster.
Most of the victims were teenage children from a single school in Ansan, outside the capital Seoul, where a memorial has been set up.
The number of people known to have died in the accident has reached 150, with another 152 still missing.
Search teams are continuing to recover bodies from the submerged hull of the passenger ferry.
Lucy Williamson reports.Developed by Subcommittee: E56.02 | Committee E56 | Contact Staff Manager
1. Scope
1.1 This document standard.
Educational establishments - univeristies, colleges, non-governmental organizations
KeywordsNano;Nanoscale materials; Characterization; Workforce education:
The title and scope are in draft form and are under development within this ASTM Committee.Back to Top
Date Initiated:
06-20-2014
Technical Contact:
Raymond Tsui
Item:
001
Ballot:
E56 (14-02)
Status:
Ballot Item Approved as E3001-2015 and Pending PublicationNo matter what David Chase chose to do with his feature debut, it was always going to be judged against the work he did on HBO with ‘The Sopranos’. Had he made a gangster movie, it would have been setting himself up for disaster. Instead, Chase has written and directed the coming of age story ‘Not Fade Away’, and it’s likely to still underwhelm those expecting more mob dealings. This is instead a love letter to growing up and listening to rock music in the 1960’s, and despite not being what many expect from Chase…it’s a wonderful little film. From Chase’s writing to the lead performance of John Magaro and the scene stealing supporting work from James Gandolfini, so much of this flick is a treat. It’s too small to really catch the eye of the Academy at this point, but it’s a dark horse contender for my year end Top 10 list, which I’ll be revealing in a few weeks time. Out this Friday, ‘Not Fade Away’ is the kind of movie that likely have to wait for home video to truly be appreciated. That’s a sad fact of life for Chase’s work, but I’m confident that it will receive the recognition it deserves before all is said and done.
The plot isn’t especially original, but it’s clearly autobiographical and the way that the details are realized is what makes this work so well. It’s the 60’s, and for a group of teenagers growing up in suburban New Jersey, music is about to change their lives. Our protagonist Douglas (Magaro) sees music as a potential career path but also finds that his evolving ways put him in direct conflict with his conservative father Pat (Gandolfini). His friends Eugene (Jack Huston) and Wells (Will Brill) form a band with him and soon enough they’re playing parties in town. This all begins in high school, but picks up when Douglas returns home from college, both in terms of the music and also in terms of his war with his father. Douglas also begins his first tentative romance with Grace (Bella Heathcote), who’s also caught the eye of Eugene and Wells. The plot takes some turns during the final hour, but I was there the whole way and never was thrown off by it. The story does indeed have a resolution to the main thrust of the plot, and in fact ends with one of the more interesting conclusions of the year (especially if you look at this as Chase’s own story), but it’s the journey more than the destination that makes the film so special.
I first noticed John Magaro earlier this year in ‘Liberal Arts’, but here he gets a starring role and knocks it out of the park. From when we first meet him staring into a music store, you can see the love and obsession in the very fiber of his being. Magaro captures the emotions of the character beautifully. He’s terrific here, only upstaged by the commanding performance that James Gandolfini gives as his father. One of my few complaints about the flick is that Gandolfini isn’t in enough scenes. He crushes this role, suggesting so much with so little. Douglas and Pat initially seem to have nothing in common, but a third act dinner conversation after Pat finds out some news suggests that father and son aren’t as different as they thought. The rest of the cast isn’t as impressive, though Bella Heathcote isn’t bad at all. Jack Huston and Will Brill are stuck in the background too often. The cast also includes Brad Garrett, Christopher McDonald, Isiah Whitlock Jr., Molly Price, Gregory Perri, and Meg Guzulescu, but this film belongs to Magaro and Gandolfini.
From pretty much frame one, David Chase has a terrific view of this world he’s leading us through. Yes, his plot may at times feel rushed and possibly more at home as a miniseries, but Chase’s writing and direction are by and large superb. Getting musical contributions from Steven Van Zandt, who wrote the original songs, doesn’t hurt either. The film always looks and more importantly feels like it’s in the 60’s, a testament to Chase’s work behind the camera. The script evolves midway through and while it might throw some, I loved where it went and was really impressed by the ending, which admittedly will be divisive. Chase isn’t making an especially easy film, but he is making an especially personal one.
Anyone who fell in love with rock and roll growing up, regardless of the time period, will see a reflection in themselves with ‘Not Fade Away’. I’m a big fan of this flick and am pretty sure it’ll wind up one of the more underrated works of 2012 when all is said and done. I first saw it at the New York Film Festival and my admiration of it has only grown since then. James Gandolfini would be in the conversation for Best Supporting Actor if this were a more perfect world. I highly recommend this film to everyone. Those who search it out will be glad that they did…
–Thoughts? Discuss in the comments!
RSSAre you dying to jump on the True Blood bandwagon, but too far behind to catch up on all three seasons before this Sunday’s premiere? HBO has got you covered with this handy dandy five-minute recap clip, seen below.
Not unlike those famously informative Lost catch-up sessions, the cable giant has assembled everything you need to know about Sookie Stackhouse, Bill Compton and the rest of Bon Temps into a nice little package. Now there’s no reason for you to miss out on True Blood‘s special brand of fun.
An added bonus for some of you Trubies out there: If you’re an iPad owner with an HBO subscription in your home, the free HBO GO app will allow you to watch the second episode of Season 4 (“You Smell Like Dinner”) a full week early — immediately following this Sunday’s opener.
Ready for more of today’s TV dish? Well…
• HBO’s Game of Thrones wrapped up its season with the ratings intensity of, well, a fire-breathing dragon. Sunday’s freshman finale drew a season-high 3 million total viewers, EW.com reports. That tally swells to 3.9 mil when you add in the 11 o’clock encore.
• Teen crooner Justin Bieber will make his fourth appearance on Late Show with David Letterman this Wednesday night, not to perform but instead appear in a comedy segment, CBS reports.
• Comedy Central has decided not to renew Sports Show with Norm MacDonald and Onion SportsDome, both of which have already wrapped their respective first seasons.
Spoiler Alert: True Blood Turns Straight Character Gay…But Which One?
• Beau Bridges (Brothers & Sisters) has scored a guest spot on the midseason finale of USA Network’s White Collar, airing August 9. Bridges will play Peter’s (Tim DeKay) mentor, a “well-decorated federal officer” from their Quantico days, says TVGuide.com.
• The upcoming nuptials between The Sing Off emcee Nick Lachey and incoming Wipeout’s hostess Vanessa Minnillo will be broadcast for all the world to see on TLC. An airdate for Nick and Vanessa’s Dream Wedding is currently being kept under wraps.
• Following its Special Class Series win at Sunday’s Daytime Emmy Awards, MTV has renewed long-running reality series Made for a 20-episode 12th season, The Hollywood Reporter confirms.
Which TVLine Items have you talking today?
Congrats to Game of Thrones and its well-deserved ratings jump!
Glad Game of Thrones doing well
Wow that True Blood video was hard to follow, they throw so many names and faces at you so quick. Hard to follow them all. Also the narrator certainly talks fast enough to make it a bit tougher.
Probably would’ve been more helpful to tell people that this past weekend, one of the HBOs showed a True Blood Marathon with all 36 episodes airing in a row.February 14, 2008 - Love is in the Air
Even the Federal Government has a stake in the Love Holiday. The Census Bureau has pulled together a variety of statistics related to national holiday of love. For instance,
* Americans consume, per capita, 26 pounds in 2006 (Current Industrial Reports).
* 2.2 million is the number of marriages that take place annually, an average of 6,000 a day. (National Center for Health Statistics) Nearly 31,000 of those marriages occurred in Minnesota. The number in Nevada? 131,826.
* In 2002 there were 904 dating service establishments (2002 Economic Census).
* 120 is the number of single men (either never married, widowed or divorced) who are in their 20s for every 100 single women of the same ages. Look at the number of single men 65 and older and the number drops to 34 single men every 100 single women of the same ages. (Families and Living Arrangements: 2006) Interested in just Minnesota data? Check out American Factfinder Social Characteristics for the state.
Image Source: NASA Astronomy Picture of the Day
30 Tips to save money now for the holidays
1. Lower your cell phone plan
Are you using all of the minutes each month on your wireless plan? If you're not lower your minutes on your plan and you'll save money each month on your bill.
2. Cancel your gym membership
Do you pay monthly for a gym membership that never gets used? Cancel that membership and start exercising on your own. Go for a run outside, not only is it free, you'll be able to enjoy the outdoors.
3. Cancel your land line service
Do you still have a land line? If you have both a land line and a cell phone, it's time to cancel the land line. The chance is you're using your cell phone the majority of the time and there's no sense in paying for two identical services.
4. Raise your deductibles
If you're willing to take a risk, raise your deductibles on policies such as car and home.
5. Cancel your premium channels
If you're paying for premium cable or satellite channels, cancel them and you could save at least $12 a month per channel.
6. Sell your things
Go through your home and collect all the items and clothing you no longer use. Have a yard sale, consign, or sell your items on websites such as Ebay to make cash for the holidays.
7. Save on food
Save at the grocery store by clipping coupons and buying goods that are on sale.
8. Ask for a discount
You'd be surprised how often you can haggle on prices. You won't know if you can get a discount on an item until you ask.
9. Only use cash
If you leave your credit cards at home and instead only pay using cash, you will be less likely to spend more than you've budgeted for. Once the cash in your wallet or purse is gone, it's time to stop spending.
10. Avoid ATM fees
If you use an out of network ATM once a week you could be charged upwards of $22 a month. Instead only use ATM's that are owned by your bank and you'll start saving immediately.
11. Reduce texting fees
Do you have an unlimited texting plan but only send a few texts here and there? Reduce your texting plan and you'll start saving on your next cell phone bill.
12. Use discounted gift cards
If you search on the internet you can find discounted giftcards. Not only can these be used as gifts, you can also use them to make purchases for yourself and others. It's free money!
13. Stop buying bottled water
You could save upwards of $20 a month if you stopped buying bottled water and started refilling your own personal water bottle each day.
14. Stop playing the lottery
If you're hoping to win the lottery to solve all your financial problems, stop purchasing those scratch tickets. Statistically the odds are not in your favor, and you'll do better if you instead save that money.
15. Stop purchasing physical books
Books are expensive, and there are numerous alternatives to purchasing a book from your local book store. Join a library and borrow the books, or purchase them digitally where you can find deep discounts on books.
16. Stop purchasing DVDs
If you're still buying DVDs, it's time to explore alternatives. Websites such as Hulu and YouTube both offer a selection of free movies for your viewing pleasure.
18. Do your own nails
Manicures cost money, and it's a service that you can easily do yourself. Paint your nails yourself and you could save up to $50 a month.
18. Bring your lunch
If you order lunch everyday at work and spend $7 a day, you'll be spending $35 a week, and upwards of $140 a month. Cut your lunch bill in half and bring your own food from home.
19. Send e-cards
Greeting cards are expensive, and if you search on the internet you can find just the right e-card for the occasion at no cost.
20. Make your own Halloween costume
Instead of buying a Halloween costume, make your own. Get creative and come up with something based on items you have at your house! The best costumes are always homemade.
21. Make your own coffee
Instead of going to Starbucks and spending $4 on a coffee, brew your own at home. You'll save more than 50% and you'll be in control of what goes into it for cream and sugar.
22. Wash your car at home
If you have access to a garden hose, you can wash your car at home. Instead of paying up to $10 for a car wash, do it yourself and the savings will add up.
23. Cancel your cleaning service
If you have hired a cleaning service to tidy up your house, it's time to cancel that and do it yourself. Not only will you save money, you could find joy in cleaning.
24. Dine out on a discount
If you enjoy eating at restaurants, search for local deals. There are numerous ways to save while eating out, from discounted gift certificates to special deals.
24. Lower Laundry Costs
Lower the cost of your laundry by making your own laundry detergent. There are numerous recipes for homemade laundry detergent on the web, search and you could find something that you like better than what you're using now.
26. Be your own handyman
Instead of hiring contractors to do your handy work around the house, try doing it yourself. With a little research you could be redoing the interior of your home in no time, saving money in the process.
27. Save on beer
Many people purchase beer each week, however with some searching on the internet you can discover local deals and discounts on beer that will help you save in the long run.
28. Buy generic products
Generic products can cost up to 50% less than their brand name counterparts. Not only will this save money, you most likely won't be able to tell the difference in terms of quality between the brand name and generic.
29. Make your own cleaning products
With a bottle of all-purpose cleaner costing upwards of $6, you can save money by making your own cleaning products. Simply add some white vinegar and mix it with water in a spray bottle to make your own cleaning solution.
30. Stop smoking
Not only will it be beneficial for your health, but if you stop smoking you will save money that can now be used for your holiday shopping.Contributed by Dr. James Ganem, cardiologist and medical director of the Cardiac Cath Lab at Banner Desert Medical Center.
Question: What is cardiac calcium scoring and why would I need it?
Answer: This test is used to check for heart disease in an early age and determine how severe it is. The test.
Find out the severity of your heart disease.
Predict if you will get CAD symptoms.
Physical exams and other tests can provide enough information about your heart, so cardiac calcium scoring is not done very often. But if your risk factors determine you are at a medium risk for CAD (a 10.
E-mail health questions to jennifer.pool@bannerhealth.com or mail to Jennifer Pool, 1400 S. Dobson Road, Mesa AZ 85202.
View subscription optionsBook your room at William F. Bolger Center
Please enter your travel dates.
3.Information missing or incorrect? Tell us!
Hotel Amenities
Hotel Amenities
William F. Bolger Center features an indoor pool and a 24-hour fitness center. The hotel offers a restaurant. A bar/lounge is on site where guests can unwind with a drink. High-speed wireless Internet access is complimentary.
Business-related amenities at this 3-star property consist of a business center and meeting rooms. This Potomac hotel also offers laundry facilities and dry cleaning/laundry services.
William F.
Family Friendly Amenities
- Indoor pool
- Free Wi-Fi
- Laundry facilities
Internet
Available in all rooms: Free WiFi
Available in some public areas: Free WiFi
Room Amenities
- Premium TV channels
- Phone
- Free local calls
- Coffee/tea maker
- Designer toiletries
- Hair dryer
- Iron/ironing board
- Desk
- Satellite TV service
- Flat-panel TV
- Free WiFi
- MP3 docking station
Where to Eat
Osgoods Dining - This buffet restaurant serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Nearby Things to Do
Recreational amenities at the hotel include an indoor pool and a 24-hour fitness center.
The recreational activities listed below are available either on site or nearby; fees may apply.
- Basketball on site
- Bicycle rentals.Travel with Kids: Facing My Fears in Europe
I am about to embark on another solo traveling mom trip. The last time I took off by myself was when Dek was 20 months old. We went to Hong Kong and Shenzhen, China for a business trip with my job.
I didn’t have time to get scared. The trip came up so fast I just went into survival mode. I had to keep the fears at bay or I would not survive.
As we prepare to leave for Europe next week I have looked in the mirror more than once and thought about what I am attempting to do. I am about to bring a 5 month old and a 3 year old to another continent…by myself. Am I scared? Insane?
The simple answer is yes.
Of course I’m scared. I’m not crazy (well maybe a little). So many things could go wrong.
Dek could wander off in the airport by himself. I could lose him at the train station. We could have endless potty accidents and I might not have enough fresh pants to mop him up. What if he sleeps horribly like last summer and we are all miserable because of it? He could put on an impromptu performance of “The Demon-Possessed Toddler” while we are trying to check out a church’s interior.
And then there is his little brother Ty. He could have horrible ear pain on the plane. He could scream for 12 hours every night because of teething. He could break out in a fever and I won’t be able to find acetaminophen in the country I am staying in because I don’t speak the language. He could refuse to nurse and I won’t have any bottles or formula handy.
It could all happen. And it might.
I could easily let all of this overwhelm me. I could let fear hold me back from taking a trip I have dreamt about for over a year. I could crawl into my shell and just wait until the boys are older or shorten our trip and wait until Mike can join us.
I could, but I won’t. That is not who I am.
Yes, this trip is scary, but you know what, so is being a parent. So many things can go wrong every day. Thankfully they usually don’t.
I also have a plan.
We are staying with friends every step of the way. If the kids get sick, our friends already have pediatricians and medication handy. They know where the nearest hospitals are and can be an extra set of hands if needed.
I’ve also done this before. Although I only had one kid, I surpassed all my own expectations when I took Dek to China with me on a business trip. It was exhausting, but we actually had a lot of fun. I got to explore one-on-one with my little man.
This time I’ll have two boys to show me the world. Ty may be strapped in the Ergo or in a stroller for a lot of the trip, but even he will find things that interest him. He already gets me down to his level.
Ty is also at that all-important milestone of rolling over. He might just do it while we are abroad. What parent wouldn’t remember that!
I’m going to grab my fears and insecurities and chuck them out the window.
I also have resources at my disposal. I am part of an amazing group of family travel bloggers, some of whom are single parents traveling the world with their kids. Many have traveled through countries that are harder to navigate than Western Europe. They have survived, not always without struggle, but they have no regrets and aren’t returning home anytime soon.
Check out The Dropout Diaries post The Truth About Parenting and International Travel with a Toddler.
If they can do it, I can definitely do it. If you think I’m looking at it as a challenge you are so right.
I could let fear overwhelm me. I could let it ruin my trip. Or I could acknowledge that things are never going to be perfect, do my best to protect my children and keep them healthy. I’ll also be praying a whole lot and trust that all of my planning was not in vain.
- I’ve thought about every scenario.
- I’ve got a game plan to tackle Dek to the ground if he tries to run off.
- I’ve got infant and children’s Tylenol permanently packed in a plastic bag to go through airport security.
- I could probably teach myself to say “hospital” in the four languages I’ll be encountering. Or maybe just write it on a card and put it in my wallet. Yeah that might be better than counting on my brain to function correctly in a crisis.
I can prepare as much as possible, but as some point I will just have to stop and trust that I am a great mom and I can handle this. After all, I can manage to get to the grocery store, and sometimes that is the toughest adventure in my week.
Now I’ll just be heading to a grocery store in another country. Think Dek will keep his shoes on there? Yeah, I doubt it
Amazinng, simply amazing! I cannot wait to read about your adventures and how it all goes. Good for you. Enjoy every moment and remember, no one there will remember you and your kids if they misbeahave, so just go with the flow!
Kerrie
I’m so excited for you and can’t wait to glean tips from your trip! We’re considering stepping out of our North American comfort zone next year or in 2014. I’ll need those tips and I know you’ll have some good ones!
For every world-traveling parent, there is probably a nervous Nelly grandmother in the background whispering all her anxieties to her child. What has helped me most is that you allow me to do this and then you share each plan you have for managing the unexpected. It does relieve some(not all!) of the anxiety. Then, I can sincerely follow your adventures, while praying to a loving God to guide and protect you. I am so proud of your adventurous spirit and look forward to reading about your travels. And…maybe some time soon, I can tag along!
More Book suggestions: ebooks Winnie the pooh, 100 acre wood, Paddington bear ( all probably available as ebooks from the Seattle library and set in one of your stops:)); audiobooks-Skippy John jones series, Thidwick the big hearted moose, the Mountain and the Molehill, and Little Hoot. Have a great trip!
Nothing will go ‘perfect’ but it’s in the ‘imperfect’ moments that you’ll make wonderful memories as a family. You will look back and laugh heartily at the time your kids did this or that interesting thing. So no, you are not crazy, you are totally blessed to be able to do this. I look forward to reading about your European adventure!
Cheers,
Char
You’re not crazy. I was somewhat scared about flying with the kids without their dad from Malaysia to Texas and back (each way: 3 flights, 20 hours in the air, 7 hours of layovers). And my youngest kid is 7 years old! Of course, once I got there, I’d be on home turf, so that part wasn’t worrisome. I think my biggest fear is that I get horrible airsickness, and it’s hubby who cares for the kids while I’m huddled in my seat. In the end, everything worked out fine. You’ll do great!
Yes you are crazy. There I said it. But I think you are also brave, adventurous and in for some hard times and really really good times!!!! Can’t wait to read all about them!
You are right! It is not going to be easy! But that just proves what a brave, courageous mom you are! It will totally be worth it, even if the whole trip is a bust, just to prove to yourself that you CAN do it! Can’t wait to hear it all!
You’re not crazy. It sounds like you’re as prepared as you ever could be. I think it will all go swimmingly. Those boys are lucky to have such a brave and adventurous mother!!!
What an amazing experience. So impressed you did it!Dates are probably one of the most underrated fruits around. Once prized by nations for its sweetness and nutritious pulp, it's fallen to the wayside to make room for trendy super foods.
But it could be said that dates were the original super food, having been cultivated for some 5,000 years. They are nutrition-rich, with an abundance of iron, calcium, Vitamins A and C and are said to slow the development of heart disease and cancer. Yet they seem to be rarely acknowledged in the UK beyond being the perfect way to break a fast or as a moist-maker in cakes and puddings.
To learn more about dates, I travelled to Kebili in Southern Tunisia.
Tunisia is one of the major producers of dates with production mainly in the south of the country, towards the rugged landscape that leads to the Sahara dessert. There, 350 different varieties of dates are currently being cultivated. They vary in size, shape, colour and flavour but almost all of them are harvested between October and January.
[Try dates in this traditional Tunisian recipe: sticky, crunchy makroud]
Small pockets of lush green date palms intersects the salty terrain, making the most of the scarce ground water to form the oasis. Similar to cocoa plantations, the top level foliage is made up of the date palms while the undergrowth is filled with banana palms and other fruiting vegetation. At the heart of the bigger oasis, towns and cities have built up over centuries to take advantage of this unique ecosystem.
Kebili was such an oasis.
The town recently hosted the region's second International Festival of Dates, incorporating the national date festival that had taken place in nearby Douz for the previous three decades. This year, the three-day festival offered visitors the opportunity to watch traditional performances, taste local foods and learn about date cultivation and gradation.
The festival was not only a celebration of dates and their products but it was also a chance for producers to gather and share knowledge.
At the festival, I learnt that Deglet Nour, or date of light, is the most commonly available variety in Tunisia as the date palm which produces it is extremely productive. The date itself, a golden caramel nugget that's plump with sweet, fleshy fruit, is reminiscent of persimmon and simply delicious.
Unfortunately Deglet Nour is also extremely susceptible to pests and disease. One of the biggest challenges that date palm growers faced was the Red Palm Weevil.
Originating from India, the weevil affects all palm trees by boring holes into their trunks and infesting the tree until it eventually dies. The insects have no natural predator in Tunisia and cannot be treated chemically as the dates are produced organically. The only method available to the palm growers would be containment.
After crossing the Chott el Jerid, a large salt lake, I arrived at my next stop - Tozeur.
Tozeur is an oasis known for buildings decoratively fashioned with sand coloured bricks, which absorbs the light of the sun. The bricks themselves are unique in that they're made with ashes of palm trees - just another one of the many by-products of date production.
Tozeur is also the home of Eden Palm, a museum dedicated to history and culture of date production.
According to my guide at the museum, palms can start life as a seed, and therefore create a new variety, or as an offshoot from an existing palm, and therefore be considered a clone. The new palms are either pollinating male plants or fruit-bearing female plants though it's impossible to tell which the tree will become until it flowers.
The palm workers will generally live amidst the trees in modest palm huts so they can water the palms and fertilise accordingly. In the dessert, there might only be three to five days of rain a year so water becomes a very important resource.
From about 15 years old, the palm trees will become productive with fruit. From there on, the cultivation becomes extremely labour intensive. The workers must scale the trees and fertilise them by hand. At harvest, they must scale the trees once again to collect the fruit, which might weigh as much as 10kg per bundle.
Back in the UK and playing with dates as a culinary ingredient, I never realised how hard they were to come by. But then I suppose that's the thing with treasured foods - they're hard to produce but the result is worth all the effort.
If you want to follow the date trail in Tunisia...
Return flights to Tunis
Tunisair operates seven flights per week from London Heathrow to Tunis, prices start from £169, including taxes..
Accommodation
Rooms at the three star Mehari Hotel in Douz start from £30 per person, per night, based on two people sharing a double room on a bed and breakfast basis.
Rooms at the five star Regency Hotel in Gammarth start from £42 per person, per night, based on two people sharing a double room on a bed and breakfast basis..
Additional information
For all your travel needs and for information on what's happening in Tunisia, please visit.KIRKUS REVIEW
A pianist’s love affair with his instrument, and the blind man who enabled it.
Glenn Gould (1932–82) was one of the most respected artists of classical music’s modern era. Piano tuner Charles Verne Edquist, on the other hand, is known only to a handful of music buffs. Both men were still boys in 1942, when the designers and manufacturers at Steinway & Sons began work on CD 318, a concert grand that Gould would one day conclude was the perfect instrument—and that Edquist would spend two decades tuning and revivifying from the pianist’s hard use. It wasn’t until 1960, four years after Gould became a classical bestseller with his recording of Bach’s Goldberg Variations, that he sat down to play CD 318 in a concert hall on the top floor of Toronto’s premier department store. It would be two more years before Gould connected with Edquist, who spent much of the next two decades adjusting CD 318 to meet the pianist’s demands for “hair-trigger action and lightning-fast repetition.” Plucky New York Times correspondent Hafner (Where Wizards Stay Up Late: The Origins of the Internet, 1996, etc.) weaves together three stories—of the pianist, the tuner and the piano itself—into a single cohesive narrative, the musical version of Seabiscuit (2001), as it were. She’s not distracted by Gould’s legendary quirks (the germ phobia, the grunting and whistling while performing) or his formidable loquacity..Hounslow man jailed for slashing women
A man who slashed two women in separate random attacks in west London has been jailed for 18 years.
Sasha Masamba, of Nicholes Road, Hounslow, had pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey to two offences of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.
Kaja Zablocka, 19, and Deserilyn Aurelio, 26, were slashed from behind and needed stitches in what the judge said were "devastating" attacks.
Masamba, 20, carried out the attacks in Hounslow in August.
'Every woman's nightmare'
The Recorder of London, Judge Brian Barker, said: "This is a most disturbing case.
"Noticeably, there was no request for money or sexual intent. The deep concern is a lack of any rational explanation for these acts.
"The victims could easily have died because the knife wounds were near arteries."
The Old Bailey heard that, over 10 days in August, Masamba prowled the area around Hounslow station and on two occasions slashed women late at night.
Prosecutor, Bobbie Cheema, QC, told the court: "This defendant is every woman's nightmare - a man who arms himself with a knife and then prowls around late at night waiting for a lone female to attack."
The court heard that university student Miss Zablocka was attacked at about midnight on 7 August after spending the evening with friends, two weeks after arriving in Britain.
Masamba grabbed her throat and said: "Sorry, I am only joking."
Miss Zablocka said she only realised she had been cut when she felt dizzy and fell to her knees.
On 17 August, Masamba attacked Miss Aurelio as she returned from waitressing and tried to stab her twice in the stomach as she fought him off.
Miss Cheema told the court that days later, Masamba posted threats on Facebook saying: "I want to bite your ears off, pluck your eyes with chopsticks, cut your limbs with a breadknife and feed your insides to sewer rats."
After the conviction, Det Ch Insp Amanda Hargreaves, said: "Masamba was caught before he potentially killed someone, which I believe was only a matter of time."
Masamba was said to have written to the judge saying he hated himself for what he had done.hello, my name is
mauricio giraldo arteaga
i write code for the new york public library labs, lately working on if you prefer) and other random work-related things.
this is a not-very-recent portfolio (as of 2013, to be improved, as is any portfolio ☺︎) but mostly shows that i enjoy playing with code, objects and all things interactive.
if you want to see me, there are a couple of videos:
- a presentation i did at openvisconf, a data visualization conference where i shared the stage with awesome people from many fields, in april 2014. see the slides here.
- a presentation of infinipic, a day-long project i did at hack4fi in helsinki.
- another presentation at the maryland institute for technology in the humanities. see the slides here.
i also upload photos to flickr and have a bunch of "listens" in last.fm.
check out some of my github activity or follow me on twitter (you won't regret it).
there is also an old site (2006) which has some more info in case you are curious.
my email is mga (at this domain).█.
none
falls church, VA Type of use: Residential
Purchased new mower 2 weeks ago. Left rear wheel kept falling off. Axle bolt kept unscrewing.
I contacted honda via this web site. No reply.
I took it back to Home Depot. Got a new one. Hoping this one will be better.
Other than the wheel falling off, it seems like a nice mower.
Joe
Eastliverpool, OH Type of use: Residential
Tom
Norman, OK Type of use: Residential
JAM 33
Crescent City, CA Type of use: Residential
Rex
Prospect Park, PA Type of use: Residential
Marc
Cambridge, WI Type of use: Residential
Silvasurfer1972
Selden, NY Type of use: Residential
Stuart
Richmond, VA Type of use: Residential
I love Honda lawnmowers!
This is my third Honda lawnmower - each performed wonderfully, finally being tossed when the transmission failed to move the machine, and the local dealer could not repair.
I am suspect of the "Autochoke," but it will take years to really know. I am certainly willing to give it a try with Honda.
However, I was stunned with the difficulty in using the Variable Speed Drive. I was inevitably rushing to catch up or stumbling over top of the mower. When I finished mowing, I felt that I had been in a war.
Surely time will "teach me" or soften the clutch.
Rich
Fords, NJ Type of use: Residential
Captain America
Redford Twp., MI Type of use: Residential
Joe
Greensboro, NC Type of use: Residential
Outdoor Woman
Cincinnati, OH Type of use: Residential
Steve
Evergreen, CO Type of use: Residential
Rex Fullmer
Rexburg, ID Type of use: Residential
Rebel Without Rival
Green Bay, WI Type of use: Residential
Cube
Cincinnati, OH Type of use: Residential
Tom
Cornelius, OR Type of use: Residential
Leenbiebeanie
Cumming, GA Type of use: Residential
Thank you for having a great mower. After years of repairing an older model I treated myself this year to an upgrade. The speed controls took a bit to get used to but once I did what ease. My lawn was mowed in a third of the time it had been taking me to complete previously.
The mulching effect was wonderful too. The prior mower had a mulching capability but nothing like this. I could not even see the pieces of grass that it chopped up. Before I still needed to have it bagged even with mulch. That is one area I wish I could utilize again too, to have it mulch AND go into the bag, because I like to compost my clippings. But that is really a non issue.
In short I felt like I almost had to chase the lawnmower down while mowing my lawn! Speedy, quick turns, ease of start (not even a second pull needed!). And with efficiency that helps me mow so fast I will use less gas as well.
Recommend this machine highly!
GT
Pittsburgh, PA Type of use: Residential
woodlawn
Sioux Falls, SD Type of use: Residential
Three neighbors recommended Honda, a good price @ $ 399.00 I shopped around and bought it on sale.
Mike Horton
Washougal, WA Type of use: Residential
lala
West Bend , WI Type of use: Residential
Tom
Fairfax, VA Type of use: Residential
passenger
cary, NC Type of use: Residential
Kenny
Rowlett, TX Type of use: Residential
Frank
Crownsville, MD Type of use: Residential
KFM
Los Alamos, NM Type of use: Residential
pj
Dallas, PA Type of use: Residential
rg0647
woodbridge, VA Type of use: Residential
Rick
Oklahoma City, OK Type of use: Residential
Terry
Lakewood, CO Type of use: Residential
Jeff
Underhill, VT Type of use: Residential
Taco Salad
St. Marys, PA Type of use: Residential
PAC/Lady
Avondale, LA Type of use: Residential
Seriously you must buy this mower if in the market for a power drive, easy start! It is easy to maneuver. Pushed forward and back in tight spaces no problem.
I am retirement age single female with back problems and this mower is a dream compared to my old one.
160 cc is powerful enough for my back yard which is a bear to cut. Have very thick st.augustine grass. Yard is not level, need to fill a lot of holes.
I originally chose a Toro AWD 190 cc with battery start but changed mind before unpacking it and took it back to store. It was very clunky and big. Battery hard to access. Too much to do to set up and use.
For the exact same price this Honda promised easy start on 1 to 2 pulls and it cranked on the first try and wasn't hard to pull the cord. I am so happy with its performance and ease of use. Was easy to unpack and set up and it did an amazing job cutting grass. It mulched so well I did not have to use the bag even though my grass had not been cut in 8 days and was already getting kinda tall. I was truly amazed. After weeks of researching options I finally found the lawnmower that suited my specific needs. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
Tim
Vienna, WV Type of use: Residential
Susie
Fairport, NY Type of use: Residential
Happy Honda Owner
Farmington, MN Type of use: Residential
HAPPY
PUYALLUP, WA Type of use: Residential
Zero
Christiansburg, VA Type of use: Residential
David
Owensboro, KY Type of use: Residential
Lawnmower worked great right out of the box. Set up was easy, and Owner's Manual was easy to follow.
I think it helped that I read on-line reviews prior to my purchase.
Mower appears to be well-built, and it's obvious that a lot of thought was put into the design and construction.
I believe I will have many years of satisfied ownership.
adams
munster, IN Type of use: Residential
Wayne
Farmville, NC Type of use: Residential
Eagle eye
Middleburg, FL Type of use: Residential
jbellu
Louisville, KY Type of use: Residential
Jim
Oak Lawn, , IL Type of use: Residential
The Honda lawnmower exceeded my expectations in build quality, intelligent engineering and versatility.
One lawn cut was so dramatically better than my previous mower, that it is an embarrassing comparison.
Walt
West Fargo, ND Type of use: Residential
JT
New Berlin, WI Type of use: Residential
Zach
College Station, TX Type of use: Residential
joe
manchester, NH Type of use: Residential
FEL
Elizabethtown, KY Type of use: Residential
Alex
Gorham, ME Type of use: Residential
Deno
Vancouver, WA Type of use: Residential
Love the adjustable features, the handlebar, wheel height and smart drive control. Starts easy and is easy to control. The engine is a little loud but runs smooth. Very happy with this purchase overall.
mdfeser
Lakewood Ranch, FL Type of use: Residential
old marine
Opelika, AL Type of use: Residential
Jeanie
Salt Lake City, UT Type of use: Residential
Why was I paying someone else to do this - it's fun :-)
Captain
Rodessa, LA Type of use: Residential
rstaunton
Minnetrista, MN Type of use: Residential
Jim
Garland, TX Type of use: Residential
CH
Greenville, SC Type of use: Residential
Butch
Locust Grove, VA Type of use: Residential
bundee
waterbury , CT Type of use: Residential
just used this mower once so far and not thrilled with the varidrive feature. Maybe in time i will get used to it. i think if it had a 5 speed ground speed selector i might have been happier.
went together easy...started on first pull. will be happy with this mower if i can adust to the vari drine feature
wolfgirl_z
Eugene, OR Type of use: Residential
We had a Craftsman mower that we bought brand new about 4 years ago. Since then, we have fought with it each and every time we tried to use, had it serviced numerous times and still it never worked right.
This mower is great! We added the oil and clear gas as directed then pulled just one time and off it went! The self propel feature is amazing! So worth the money to have a mower that works with ease.
Bonnie
Longmont, CA Type of use: Residential
I had used this kind of mower for years when renting houses. ALWAYS dependable, easy to use. Especially for a retired female like myself, who is in their late 60s.I just purchased a house so now, I have purchased this mower. I based it previous usage and consumer reports.
Set-up was easy, even for a 68 old female, not good with tools, etc.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
BOB
DOLTON, IL Type of use: Residential
HAVE USED ONLY HALF AN HOUR AND FIND THAT IT IS DIFFERENT FROM OTHERS I'VE USED PRIMARILY IN THE SMART DRIVE CONTROL. WITH AN EASY PUSH OF THE CONTROL THE MOWER QUICKLY MOVES FORWARD AS FAST AS YOU WOULD LIKE TO WALK. IT WILL TAKE A BIT MORE TIME TO GET USED TO, BUT I THINK I'M GOING TO LIKE IT A LOT. THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL IS VERY THOROUGH - A GOOD POINT.
I HAVEN'T USED THE MOWER ENOUGH YET TO GIVE A FAIR RATING.
rosster
Corona, CA Type of use: Residential
sal
cedar city, UT Type of use: Residential
I purchased a Toro (briggs & stratton) lawn mower and thought I would save myself $50.00
What a mistake! My 9 year old son, was excited to have his first try at mowing the lawn. What a let down. The machine stalled numerous times with a lawn no more than 6 inches high in some places. I was using the highest octane fuel (91). I had adjusted the wheels to its highest point and still, the same results. I packed the machine up and returned it for a full refund ( thanks Home Depot). I brought the Honda home and it PLOWED! it’s not a walk behind, it’s a Run Behind! And the wheels were only set to a third knotch on its height. Spend the Extra dollar and save yourself the agravation. Honda Rocks!!!! As for my son, it’s his toy now and his enthusiasm to mow was not ruined. Dad can only watch and is restricted to the sideline. Spend the Extra dollar and save yourself the agravation. Honda Rocks!!!
Oh, I also own a riding garden tractor(27 hp), my son would love to use it but, he’s not heavy enough yet to deactivate the safety cut off switch on the seat (bummer)
Brad
Edmond, OK Type of use: Residential
Yardman
Lake Wylie, SC Type of use: Residential
KP
Euless, TX Type of use: Residential
I went to buy a front wheel drive lawn mower, after my current mower died after 10 years, the sales guy suggested the Honda rear wheel drive - having used a rear wheel one once or twice previously I was reluctant - but decided to give it a try. after taking it home and trying it around the house, I felt I should have bought a new mower long time a ago, easy to use and very effortless. I tried the mulching and it really mulched it to fine pieces.
Frank
Pasadena, MD Type of use: Residential
Very surprised at a failure the first time I used the mower. The pull cord broke the second time I tried to start the mower after emptying the bag. Now I wonder if this is the start of a long line of failures.
tkamleiter
Auburn, IN Type of use: Residential
I have only used the mower one time to mow my yard and I am extremely impressed. I have just over a half an an acre and this new mower is great so far. I am coming from a front wheel drive Craftsman self propelled push mower and my new Honda is 10 times better. The rear wheel drive pulls the mower better and the paddles that allow you to set your speed is great. I have a couple hills in my yard and I can go up and down them one handed. My old mower couldn't go up the hills.
The mower has started on the first pull everytime hot or cold. I spent the extra money for a Honda and I will recommend to my friends that they do the same.
Besides getting a great product I also got a 4 year warranty with my new mower. I am very happy. I shopped around and looked at multiple brands and I have zero buyers remorse after paying $399.99 for this mower. So far it has lived up to all of my expectations.
tmh411
Etowah, NC Type of use: Residential
I researched extensively before deciding on this mower. The extra year of warranty offered now, mad the decision to buy all that much easier. Out of the box, it was very easy to assemble. First pull, started right up. First cut of the grass, a very pleasant experience. With the bag on, it cut cleanly and picked up all the grass. With the bag off, in Mulch mode, it cut the grass easily, leaving the clippings almost invisibly on the lawn.
The Drive system is so easy to use. The rear wheel drive will go as fast, or slow as you can walk, or you can almost jog behind at full speed. What a pleasure after years of use from my old Craftsman which I had to push since the Drive was not working. However, the Honda engine on it is still running fine after 10 years use. I expect this all Honda mower to last as long, or longer.
This mower is well worth the little more cost for the quality and features it has. I am very pleased.
James
Granbury, TX Type of use: Residential
Whitey
Bloomfield Hills, MI Type of use: Residential
jim
King George, VA Type of use: Residential
Angel
Austin, TX Type of use: Residential
Matt
Lansing, MI Type of use: Residential
k
la crosse, WI Type of use: Residential
Bob
Huntley, IL Type of use: Residential
Capt. Andy
Bay City, TX Type of use: Residential
I had a Craftsman self-propelled walk behind with a Briggs & Stratton for four years. Been in the shop three times. Took it to Sears and they have to send it off to service center. That is at least a three week ordeal. In the mean time the grass is still growing. From the very first I found that it would hang up high center often on any little bump or clump of grass if the ground was not nice and smooth and level. The lever to make it move was similar to one of the squeeze thing used to strengthen your hand grip. I found myself having to help it move by pushing. I didn't think much about it until I got my Honda (HHR216VKA). Man what a difference. You either use your thumbs or palm on the paddles that make it move. Very easy. One problem I found was because the paddles are so easy to push you might be going faster than this old man (67) wants to go. Talked to the Honda people and found out it can go about 4 mph. At this point in time I refuse to get a riding mower because this is just about the only exercise I get. With this mower I look forward to walking behind and not having to push a self-propelled mower. Very easy to start. Just barely have to pull the starting rope.
One thing I have not done yet is sharpen the blade. I always sharpened my blade before every mowing. This Honda has twin blades. Two blades that are bolted together parallel to each other but at the end one blade goes up and the other blade goes down. Kinda looks like this =---= (use your imagination). Great for mulching. I don't use grass catcher. My yard said thank you.
cane
Miramar, FL Type of use: Residential
This is my third Honda lawnmower and it is by far the best mower. after my first Honda I purchased a Toro Mower that someone recommended and I took it back after the first time I used it.
Also has a great mulching system.
Don't make that mistake with another mower. go with Honda.
Dave
Columbus, OH Type of use: Residential
Simple, easy set-up. After adding gas and oil this mower started on the first pull. Adjustments are very easy and well thought out.
The only trouble I had was with the speed control. My yard is very bumpy and I had difficulty keeping the speed even. I do not believe this is a problem with the mower, but with my yard .
This mower is easy to use, cuts smoothly, and I expect it to hold up as well as my old Honda push mower, which is over 15 years old and works as well as the day I bought it.
Eckert89
Westland, MI Type of use: Residential
stallion
vancouver, WA Type of use: Residential
Honda Man
Morristown, TN Type of use: Residential
harv
Davenport, IA Type of use: Residential
Bear
Knoxville, TN Type of use: Residential
Jose
Whitsett, AZ Type of use: Residential
mike
Arlington, TX Type of use: Residential
Randy
Melbourne, FL Type of use: Residential
Jeff
Stephenson, VA Type of use: Residential
Don
Greer, SC Type of use: Residential
Manuel
Los Banos, CA Type of use: Residential
TERRY
OBLONG, IL Type of use: Residential
Ron
Morris Plains, NJ Type of use: Residential
CHRIS
CUMBERLAND, RI Type of use: Residential
jerry
conroe, TX Type of use: Residential
Randy
Olympia, WA Type of use: Residential
Spuds
Tulsa, OK Type of use: Residential
My hats off to the design/engineering team at Honda!
The user-friendly improvements are noticeable. From the auto/choke & throttle speed, the ease of switching from bagged or mulched, and the fluid variable speed transmission and clutch. My older Honda has been my go-to mower for ten years,until the transmission shot craps. I have no doubts this new one will match or exceed that.
I would have given the Ease of Use rating a full five stars, if not for the learning curve on using the butterfly clutch paddle. Is very easy to push down too firmly, with the unit doing a burn-out on the grass, while popping a wheelie!! Even saying that; it's evident the transmission has a far stronger gear range over the older 1-2-3 speed control. The clip-selector function on this model is a breeze to use compared to the older Honda. It also evident there have been subtle design changes to the twin blades themselves. Whether in bagging mode or mulching mode the clippings are finer leaving no corn rows even through tall grass at a decent pace. I thought my older Honda left a fine cutting, until I used this one for the first time. It left a much smoother & even clean-cut.
With all those improvements, the purchase price for this one was almost $200.00 less than it's predecessor. My money was well spent on this mower. ~Mark
Torben
Lompoc, CA Type of use: Residential
Great little mower, easy to use with plenty of features, easy start.
Everything as advertised, Honda snow blower, trimmer, generator are other pieces of equipment I have owned made by Honda, all great quality products.
Honda sets the standard for others to follow.
Tammy
Chattanooga, TN Type of use: Residential
Bob-in-PGI
Punta Gorda, FL Type of use: Residential
Dave
Fremont, NE Type of use: Residential
Dirtyred53280
Detroit, MI Type of use: Residential
Jay
Roseville, MI Type of use: Residential
Rick
WILLIAMSTOWN, NJ Type of use: Residential
Quality is most important to me, with that said this is a high quality mower. The motor 160cc is powerful to cut the toughest lawns. Motor ratings are a big mystery. The horse power rating and torque are presented to the consumer are the highest the engine may achieve. However a lawn mower engine must run no higher that 2800 RPM in the USA. This means a company stating their engine is 7.5 horse power may only be 4.5 @ 2800 RPM, so without a lot of research you may not get the power to the blade that you think you purchased from some brands.The variable self propelled drive works great. My 89 year old dad was able to operate this mowers control and handle the weight.Next, compared to Husqvarna which are good mower, the deck is much more rigid and the wheels and bracket more sturdy. The similar Husqvarna mower weighed 12 pound more. The clip or bag mode is more useful to me over one lever adjusting all wheels. Long term I see that option as getting loose and I do not need to push that extra weight for such a small convenience.My previous mower was a Toro commercial grade mower, it is still running 24 years later.However toro now uses different motors so after consideration they were eliminated. Hope this helps you make your choice.purchased at Home Depot on sale for $399.00
Thom H
Macomb, MI Type of use: Residential
I've mowed lawns for over 50 years but never knew it could be so easy until I boughtba Honda over 15 years ago. I gave that mower, which I got 2nd hand, to my son in law and he is still using it and it still fires up first pull. I was excited to get a new model and am happy to report that this one is very nice and easy to use as well. However, there are a few "improvements" I could do without. First and foremost is the Smart Drive system. I do not like the continuous drive, it takes too much touch to engage and then it leaps forward. The natural reaction is to grab it but that increases the drive even more. I found that I had to run after the mower to reestablish control. I'm sure I will get used to it but I prefer the old 3 speed lever. The old model also used to let you drive or idle the mower without the blades being engaged. This was handy for getting through gates or just moving the mower from the far corners of the yard. With the new model, the blades are engaged if the mower engine is on. I wonder if this is an over-thought safety feature but I can tell you that it will be a lot more dangerous for me to try to one hand it through the gate with the goofy Smart Drive system and the blades awhirling. I believe this is a case where the engineers can't leave a good product alone and make changes just to say the product is new and improved. My new mower is a good mower but my old one wasva great mower.
gt8448a
Atlanta , GA Type of use: Residential
john
everett, WA Type of use: Residential
I had a Honda mower that I used for about 27 years (hr214), and was very happy with it. About 1 week ago it was stolen from my garage. On 04-22-2015 I purchased a new hrr216vka. with all the "new" safety features on it makes it very hard to use. I don't blame Honda for this, I guess I would have our government for trying to protect the morons that don't know you should not use a mower to trim your hair or toe nails. I do think the speed control is very uneven to use, (goes slow then takes off very fast without changing the setting). Ever time I have to take my hands off the mower to move something I have to restart the mower, now that is real handy! I don't know if all the new mowers are like that I only know the one I got is like that.
kflook30
boise , ID Type of use: Residential
Woody
Stafford, VA Type of use: Residential
lawn guy
Minatare, NV Type of use: Residential
Larry
Missouri City, TX Type of use: Residential
Zach
Tallapoosa, GA Type of use: Residential
ted
san antonio, TX Type of use: Residential
James
Kent, WA Type of use: Residential
Ken
San Antonio, TX Type of use: Residential
Bev
Felton, PA Type of use: Residential
Griff
clemmons, NC Type of use: Residential
My wife and I upacked it, she installed the oil and fuel and on the first pull of the crank rope, the engine started. It was so unbelievable yet just as the Home depot customer support staff informed us that it would.
Thank you! Honda
AJ
Sacramento , CA Type of use: Residential
Florida-mower-man
Fleming Island, FL Type of use: Residential
Sport
West Melbourne, FL Type of use: Residential
Jimbo
McKinney, TX Type of use: Residential
sagebrush07
Nampa, ID Type of use: Residential
steve
Mullica hill, NJ Type of use: Residential
Elaine
OFallon , MO Type of use: Residential
A.J.
Clawson, MI Type of use: Residential
HondaMowerFan
Evansville, IN Type of use: Residential
I ordered this mower from Home Depot. The packaging was great and assembly was easy. Great job putting a label on the pull string to fill with oil before use! I have owned Honda cars for years and I have high expectations for the reliability and durability of this mower. For now, it is a joy to use and I really like the drive system. The bag is a bit small and needs to be emptied frequently but I have a smaller yard so it works just fine. Easy to start, easy to use, good ergonomics, and it cuts the grass evenly. (Side note: I would begin selling these on Amazon.)
Scooby
DURHAM, NC Type of use: Residential, Landscaping/Commerical
I love the ease of use. It just amazing that it started up on the first pull after the set up. It is great to not have to prime it prior to starting it. The Power is great. I can cut my grass much faster with this lawn mower that really saves time. Love it!!
shawna
Middleton, ID Type of use: Residential
Tony
Knoxville, TN Type of use: Residential
Drew Man Dew
Paducah, KY Type of use: Residential
Bill
Cocoa, FL Type of use: Residential
Started on the first pull and hasn't stopped yet. I as considering all wheel drive for my hilly yard but this mower does wheelies if press too hard on the speed button. Even grass cut and plenty of power in thick grass.
I gave it only 4 stars on features as my search, I found a few nice things this model doesn't have. Like a universal wheel height adjustment or even just two on one side. Sears actually had a killer feature that locked the grass deflection lid in the back when you emptied the grass catcher. And when you pulled the lever to go forward again it clicked shut automatically.
Cliff
Carrolltion, TX Type of use: Residential
Overall, the self-propelled mower has great power and durability. Much easier to use than my previous mower. Feels sturdy and easily goes through yard. Really like the way the Smart Drive Control system work. Also, like the way that you can easily fold the handle bars down as I have little room in my garage and not fits perfect.
Only couple of items I've noticed is that sometime it take 3 pulls get started. Also, after about 1 year of using, the governor/throttle seemed to go quite a bit faster, so I'm trying to get to a dealer to adjust downward.
Otherwise, when running, it really makes grass mowing a fun as one can.
new home owner
Souther, MS Type of use: Residential
My wife and I are first time home owners with about a .25 of an acre lawn. I was down to 3 potential self-propelled walk behind mowers. This Honda model was the most expensive of the 3. The variable speed control was really the only thing that made me nervous. I was not sure how that would work because I had never operated a walk behind. The variable speed is very user friendly and easy to control your speed. The easy fold handles for storage, easy start, and quality of Honda products were a few "icing on the cake" things I liked. What really did it for me was the double blade, fine mulching technique of this mower because I did not want to full with bagging everything.
After 2 uses so far, I have been extremely pleased with the ease and a fantastic looking yard upon completion. I gave features a 4 out of 5 because the other mowers I was considering had and easy hookup for you water hose to clean the mower which this one does not. No big deal to lay it on it's side though.
jERRY
cOLLEGE PLACE, WA Type of use: Residential
Warranty extension to 4 years instead of 3 is causing me some problems. Registered my 3 year extension from Home Depot, and they show only 3 year warranty from Honda, instead of your promotional 4 year warranty. OTHERWISE, MULCHING AND HANDLING FEATURE ARE EXCELLENT.
nonickname
Lodi, CA Type of use: Residential
LUGO
Humble, TX Type of use: Residential
I ONLY USED ONCE...HAS A LOT OF POWER, I WISH COME WITH ELECTRONIC STARTER .....GOOD HANDLING CUT MY YARD IN MINUTES VERY HAPPY WHIT IT
Grasshopper
Grand Prairie, TX Type of use: Residential
Theo
metropolis, IL Type of use: Residential
Dan
North August, SC Type of use: Residential
Steve
Laurel, MS Type of use: Residential
Rudy
Cedar City, UT Type of use: Residential
J.V.
Louisville, KY Type of use: Residential
I got sick and tired of fooling with my Toro Personal Pace Mower and decided to get a Honda, and WOW, what a difference. It is so much easier to start and use. I cut half my lawn without using the self propelled feature. My Toro was so much harder to push and you had to use the self propelled feature on flat ground.
The Honda is by far a better mower
john
Brick, NJ Type of use: Residential
MIKE
VIRGINIA BEACH, VA Type of use: Residential
Will
Brandon, MS Type of use: Residential
Vin
Greensboro, NC Type of use: Residential
My previous lawn mower, which was a Honda, was about 18 years old. It still works even today, but I had moved and really needed something that was self propelled to help me with the inclines I have in my new yard. I started with a different brand mower (but Honda engine) about three weeks ago due to different reviews. I like to mulch primarily, and its mulching capabilities were surprisingly inferior to my 18 year old Honda mower.
I should have stuck with what I knew worked. The only thing that kept me from buying this one to begin with was the negative reviews about the self propulsion. I took the other one back and ended up getting this one.
This one mulches really well and the rear wheel drive works fine. I just wish it had larger rear wheels to help with my yard, but that is my only complaint and it is one I will easily deal with.
Robert
Jackson, TN Type of use: Residential
Jason
Raeford, NC Type of use: Residential
Tony
York, SC Type of use: Residential
Doogan
Branson, MO Type of use: Residential
dpc
Watkinsville, GA Type of use: Residential
Tom
Paonia, CO Type of use: Residential
Reinhard
Dripping Springs, TX Type of use: Residential
So, I just bought this mower, and it started up with total ease better than any I had before.
But, just discovered major design flaw as well! This mower engages the blade first, then the drive. Which means, you can't use the drive mechanism to "transport" the mower to your starting point...kind of dumb!
No mention of this in the mower description!
Deane
Oak Ridge, NC Type of use: Residential
Mac
Kirksville, MO Type of use: Residential
Rex
Atlanta, GA Type of use: Residential
Used it the first day I bought it. But, I went shopping for other yard items, came home and did a little yard work. Went back to the store, then bought the Honda Lawn Mower. Started mowing about 4:0 0pm with 3/4 acre of land. First, I was already tired. But the ease of cutting with the Honda made it less painful. After looking at the finished product, I am very impress with the quality of the cut.
Very easy start up and easy to navigate. Good job Honda.
Tahoe Lover
Antelope, CA Type of use: Residential
I love my new Honda mower. Would recommend it to anyone and really love the power drive option.
Yoda
Hanover, PA Type of use: Residential
Bought my self-propelled mower today. Brought it home in a box. Set it in my garage. Read the directions and in approx. 40 minutes the mower was running. BTW, It only took One Pull! Due to the grass being damp, I only mowed a small section. The mower preformed as I expected it would. If I have any trouble I will write another review but I seriously doubt if you hear from me again. I would recommend this mower to my friends. Keep up the excellent work Honda! PS - Love my Goldwing also!!!
Wayne
Gary
San Antonio, TX Type of use: Residential
MIKE
LEXINGTON, KY Type of use: Residential
PROS: STARTED ON THE VERY FIRST PULL OUT OF TH BOX. NO PRIMING NECESSARY. ITS A HONDA. DOESN'T EVERYONE WANT A HONDA? REAR WHEEL DRIVE. THE BLADE CUTS THE GRASS IN SMALLER PARTICLES ALLOWING YOU TO GET MORE GRASS IN THE BAG BEFORE EMPTYING.
CONS: THE VARIABLE DRIVE TAKES SOME GETTING USED TO. IF YOU PUSH IT DOWN TO FAR YOU WILL BE CHASING AFTER IT.
Mike
Midland, TX Type of use: Residential
Used this mower just once and overall meets expectations.
Positive feedback: Easy starting. Seems good quality. Cuts well.
Negative feedback: "Paddle type" speed control is hard to use with arthritic hands. Hurts some, hard to get used to. Wish speed was easier to regulate on the lower end. Wish handle adjusted higher for us taller folks (6'-3"). Tends to hurt back while walking behind. Oil tends to spill while being poured into oil filler tube. Must pour very slowly. Larger tube would solve. Needs an in-line fuel filter. Fuel cut-off valve is a nice feature but doesn't seem to work too well.
I welcome Honda to contact me directly to discuss possible ways to make product better.
JJ
Altamonte Springs, FL Type of use: Residential
Marcus
Hampton, VA Type of use: Residential
Purchased my HRR216VKA lawn mower from Home Depot since it was rated highly by Consumer Reports. Here are my initial thoughts after mowing 1/3 of an acre today in Virginia.
1.) Some oil spots below and to the rear of the oil filter on the deck after mowing the yard. Not a lot of oil but wondering where it came from. I will keep a close eye on this.
2.) Box received from Home Depot was not damaged but, it had been opened before since it was heavily taped. I expect to receive an un-opened box when buying new. Home Depot are you listening?
3.) Assembly and oil fill was straight forward.
4.) Must pour gas into mower very slowly so as not to spill. Mower seems to use a LOT more gas than my old mower.
5.) Engine died twice on me in the heavier grass. The grass hadn't been cut all winter so I'll mow the grass again in a week and it better not die on me again.
6.) Power drive seems to be hard to control. Hard to control how fast mower moves thru the grass. Back wheels seem to spin sometimes and don't bite (on level ground).
7.) Hard to turn the mower at the end of a row. My old mower had large rear wheels and it was much easier to turn. This mower is not nimble - likes to go in a straight line.
8.) The rear bag slots (used to hang the bag on) get filled with grass and the bag falls off. Poor design. These slots are difficult to quickly clean out. I have to clean the slots after emptying the bag each time.
9.) Bag doesn't hold much. Seems to fill up quickly even though the clippings are smaller.
I am not overly impressed with this mower although Consumer Reports rated it highly.
I would give it a grade of C.
I hope Apple builds a iMower someday. They seem to build much more user-friendly products.
Hog
Scottsboro , AL Type of use: Residential
Kal El
Drain, OR Type of use: Residential
Ryan
Waxhaw, NC Type of use: Residential
toddrenner
Fort Wayne, IN Type of use: Residential
I LOVE this mower! Not an inexpensive product, but well worth the extra money. I bought the electric start model, and it is amazing. It makes it so much easier. Also easy for my wife to use. First start pf the season I have to use the pull start, but that's it. Also love the ease of the rear bagger...just a simple flip of the lever. The thing I love the most though is the drive wheels are located at the rear of the mower. This way whenever you turn, you're not lifting up the drive assembly. Makes it alot easier to use. The downside of this is that the mower tends to hop a bit on an uneven lawn. The drive assembly also has alot of power, so if you floor it, you will pop a wheelie.
All and all, I am glad I spent the extra money for a Honda...worth every penny.
I would buy this product again, and again.
Wolf
Ardmore, OK Type of use: Residential
Chuckdhd
Webster Groves, MO Type of use: Residential
Malcolm
Centennial, CO Type of use: Residential
BIG K
Caldwell, TX Type of use: Residential
Jr
Brawley, CA Type of use: Residential
JJ
Raleigh, NC Type of use: Residential
Very easy to start, (use non-ethanol gas)
Nice even cut, used bag to catch clippings, nice job of actually filling the bag.
Engine had plenty of power to cut through my longest and thickest grass.
The one feature I think could be improved on is the varible speed controller, I would prefer to "select" the speed I want and then have it be "set" Going over bumpy terrain makes it difficult to maintain speed control with the existing system.
Overall, I highly recommend this mower.
Tennessee Mower
Thompsons Station, TN Type of use: Residential
MHR
Atlanta, GA Type of use: Residential
I just got the machine and it started right up and is a breeze to use. I would recommend it for sure.
Chris
Los Angeles, CA
Mr_Iceman
Colorado Springs, CO
Libby
Kamuela, HI Type of use: Residential, Other [Small farm.]
I am a 66 year old female mower! I have had this mower for 4 years and I still love it. It has gotten a bit harder to pull start (I have a painful right arm) so I have improvised using a small rope to hold the starter arm in so that I can use two hands/arms to pull start. It works quite well.
I have lots of leaves (7 avocado trees) and about 2 acres to mow once a week, seriously! This mower really preforms. It shreds all the leaves and cuts the grass evenly and easily. When it eventually dies, I'll replace it with same. Maybe it will need to replace ME!!
CU
Amherstburg, MI Type of use: Residential
Love the HRR wish it had castors on the front like my old JD I replaced. I bought it late last year and we online looking at the videos and noticed the Clip Director. Mine does not have one. Should have it? I was wondering if there was a mulch plug so I can mulch instead of bagging.
Can I add the Clip Director after the fact?
It appears you purchased a model that was produced the year before the Clip Director was introduced. Unfortunately, it can't be added after the fact. It did come with a mulch plug, but if you have misplaced it, there is a mulch plug available. The part number is 76266-VG4-020ZA and can be ordered from any Honda dealer. Hope this helps!
Mark
Woodhaven, MI Type of use: Residential
Been using this mower for about four years now and so far it's been perfect, aside from one issue. A few weeks ago the protruding part of the height-adjustment lever that fits into the holes that set the height broke off, and I had to order a new lever. No problem, part was $3, but I needed a $25 circle-clamp wrench to remove the wheel assembly, which took quite awhile.
Overall a pretty easy DIY repair, but still, small parts like that shouldn't be breaking and a shop would likely charge $70-100 for parts and labor for such an issue because of the difficulty accessing this part.
The good? Starts up with one pull every single time. Powerful. The area where the grass flows through into the bag is HUGE, which is great compared to my old John Deere, where it was tiny and would get clogged going over tall grass.
Despite the issue I had with it, I would recommend this mower to anyone if they asked me what to purchase.
golfinwi
verona, WI Type of use: Residential
I've used my Honda for six years, minimum of once a week, on a relatively small yard. have never changed the oil or spark plug. I did have to replace the pull cord know this summer. It cuts great, although due it light weight, it bounces on rough terrain, and cut unevenly. Hills are tough as the mover slides sideways...yes,,even on dry grass. The wheels seized up yesterday and I couldn't pull it backwards, but figured out that there was twine from my neighbors grass seed mats in the wheels. The flap on the back of the chute is shot...and I agree with other reviews that say it's a poor design and it slides under the mower when you pull it backwards. my main complaint has always been the height adjustment range....I like my lawn short, and for six years the mower has been just one notch from the highest setting,,,,, not the lowest..the highest. can't imagine anyone ever going lower. Need a redesign for higher cut options. model is HRR216VKA
toro killer
murray, UT Type of use: Residential
Bob
Avon , IN Type of use: Residential
purchased my first honda mower july 2013 and unpacked mower and set up per manual instructions
mower leaves what i like to call a rooster tail or a thin strip of uncut or lightly cut grass in its path.
this problem has only gotten worse over time. my local dealer,not the box store it was purchased from,
will honor my honda warranty with a reciept from purchase,wich is sun bleached and mostly unreadable
from being pinned to my garage corkboard. is there anything that can be done from honda power equipment to initiate warranty coverage?
Gary
Ottaw, IL Type of use: Residential
Hi Gary,
We're sorry you're unhappy with your mower. Our customer relations team discussed this with you and suggested you lubricate the wheels if you store the mower outside. The bushings do need lubrication if they frequently get wet. We hope this helps to resolve the issue!
Clarence
Manalapan, NJ Type of use: Residential
Whitedog
Quincy, IL Type of use: Residential
Eric
INDIANAPOLIS, IN Type of use: Residential
N'awlins
Marrero, LA Type of use: Residential
Ryan
Winfield, IL Type of use: Residential
John
East Hampton, NY Type of use: Residential
Rachel
Locust Grove, VA Type of use: Residential
I purchased this mower last year and have had great results. We live on a hill, so the self-propelled feature was a must and worth the extra money.
My one complaint is after just less than a year, the recoil starter broke. I have been unable to remove the bolts to replace it. When I try to remove them, the entire screw unthreads from the bottom ,leaving the bolts and starter in place!
I'm sure it is still under warranty, but I can't find my receipt (my bad, I know). I've asked the retailer for help getting a copy of it, but no response from them yet.
pablo
fayetteville, AR Type of use: Residential
i came to honda's site to get a copy of the manual—i have had this mower for about month and a half and it's the best mower i have ever had. this machine starts on the first pull for me every time... even when i pull the cord pretty gently, in which case the mower seems to be on the verge of stalling for a few seconds before the revs amp up and the mower gets going in full force. so, i read through all the reviews. some of the issues are familiar, but machine is perfect. for the price of this machine, i find this mower to be everything i wanted it to be: a honda. of course, the real test of a honda is the useful service it is able to provide over the course of several years. based upon my experience to date, i fully expect this mower to provide the many years of faithful service that convinced me to pay fifty percent more than what i was initially shopping.
for what it's worth, here's been my experience to date:
* when the grass gets really thick, like i haven't mowed in a week and a half or two and it's been raining and my wife is afraid to go outside because she's convinced the yard has become infested with ticks, then the mower leaves clippings everywhere and clumps of grass and all that. and, the one time that has happened, i did have to mow the very thick and tall grass in the front yard twice because the results were uneven. however, the mower plowed through it like a champ, and i was pleased the results were as nice as they were.
* the self drive system is touchy, as others have noted. however, for me at least, it didn't take but two, maybe three, passes over the yard to get used to the controls. in fact, the whole zero to WHOH speed change is sometimes fun, and i do it just for kicks, even though i can modulate the speed enough to not do it. we have some very tight corners, and depending on how tired i am, i will either refrain from engaging the wheels or i will use a delicate touch. either approach is cumbersome since the mower is hard to back up due to the mechanics of the propulsion system and very slow speeds are harder to modulate on the mower—but i would much rather deal with this nuisance any day than give up the drive system which allows me to mow the half of the yard that is a hill with absolute ease.
* i think the manual said i should cut hilly areas by going across them; meaning, don't mow by going up the hill and then coming down the hill. well, i did try that the first few times and that approach was the pits. maybe if the incline on the hilly areas were less than what i have to contend with, that would be advisable. however, i found that mowing across the face of the slopes was awkward feeling and keeping the mower in line was physically taxing. about the fourth time i mowed i tried going up and down the hill, and viola! ever since, i have only mowed going directly up and down the slopes. the propulsion system takes me up the hill with ease, and gravity brings me back down with minimal effort. but i'm lazy, and where the grass is thin, i engage the wheels anyway and plow through those sections at top speed. it's as fun as mowing a lawn can get with a push mower of this price range as far as i can imagine, holding all other factors constant of course.
* the one time when the yard got out of control, the underside of the deck (you know, where the blades are) did get crudded up with thick compressed grass and i did not notice it until i mowed again several days later. i cleaned up everything first with my hands, then carefully with a wide flat head screwdrivers, then finally with a blower. where the grass was severely stuck to the deck, there was some minor discoloration and whitish residue. i have not had to clean out that kind of caked on mess since that one time; and, i just now went and looked at the business end of the steel deck and all is well. i will note that the plastic shroud that houses the drive belt has a quarter inch gap from the steel deck; that is a point of minor, but legitimate concern. grass clippings are caked up in my mower in that spot, but they are thin and hard layer that seems to be dry enough and thin enough so as not to pose a serious thread to rust. however, i can imagine that over time (perhaps over a length of time that is longer than the useful life of the mower) that the steel deck would be more prone to rust through where that gap in the shroud is. and, that spot is simply to awkward to reach to keep clean over a regular basis. i had not, until i started writing this paragraph, put this much thought into this matter; and, now that i've pointed it out, i'm still not that concerned. i trust the product engineers did their job, and that what i've pointed out is not a point of concern, and i will promptly go back to not worrying about this detail.
* i've run over numerous small twigs (on purpose, i am lazy and this mower lacks a idle without cutting function), a few pine cones that i failed to spot in my pre-mowing quick pass (sort of on purpose, one can say), and a couple of small stumps (on accident). the aforementioned items make progressively horrid noises when one runs them over with this lovely lawn mower; thankfully, the blades have only accumulated negligible nicks, and the cutting performance seems unaffected by my laziness and mishaps. the blades might be a touch duller than when they were new, or it just might be my imagination. this mower has proven tougher than i thought it would be for the price point, and i'm delighted about this. while i have no intention of abusing this machine, i'm glad i don't have to baby it either.
Don
Lincoln, NE Type of use: Residential
I just purchased the HRR216VKA Honda mower. The Honda compared to my $450 lawnboy is like night and day. The Honda runs much smoother and cut the grass more even. This is my first Honda mower and after cutting my football field of a yard in about 30 minutes less time and the bag on the mower holds more than the one on the Lawnboy.
I give this Honda mower five stars.
Pete
Front Royal, VA Type of use: Residential
Jim
Nottingham, PA Type of use: Residential
Charlie
pensacola, FL Type of use: Residential
Dennis
Maplewood, MN Type of use: Residential
Slim
Jacksonville, FL Type of use: Residential
The only great thing about the mower is the motor is a one pull start every time. We purchased the mower over 1 1/2 years ago and thought we were buying a really nice cutting mower. We were completely wrong... The yard at first was just weeds and the mower worked great, then we laid sod down and the St Augustine grass grew quick and thick. We not have a great looking yard as far as green and thick but when we cut the mower leaves traces of grass standing up everywhere. I know have to go over the yard and basically cut the entire yard twice to try and eliminate the pieces sticking up left behind by the mower. I am not pleased with the mower and will be selling it soon.
We're sorry to hear you're disappointed with the cut quality of this mower. St. Augustine is a very thick grass and can be a challenge for any mower. But we do have some tips that should help to improve your cut:
- Slowing down your speed can help considerably.
- If you are mulching, try bagging. The increased air flow creates a stronger vacuum and pulls the blades of grass up.
- Cut at a shorter height. The anatomy of this kind of grass means the shorter the stem, the straighter it stays up and the more likely you'll have a consistent cut. It won't look as good at first, but after a couple of weeks it will green up again.
- This problem can be worse when conditions are very dry. Watering your lawn may help. (Of course, do not cut the grass itself while it is wet.)
We also suggest talking with your local dealer. They are experts and know your area and your conditions like no one else.
We hope this helps!
Boneszboy
Joplin, MO Type of use: Residential
We’re sorry to hear you are disappointed in the performance of your mower.
Hitting a rock or another solid object creates a huge amount of force, given the blades are traveling at nearly 200 mph..
OBIE
Gig Harbor, WA Type of use: Residential
I've been searching for some time for a hand mower to replace my older model riding mower. I've never owned a new lawn mower, but have used plenty during my adult life. My older Snapper died last year and in my research, Honda came to the top of the list. I decided on this model because I have over a quarter acre of grass with several slopes which make a manual push mower not the most fun thing to do on your day off.
I asked the person that works the return desk and gardening at Home Depot which mowers get returned. Hands down, all others but the Hondas. I chose this model for the size motor, the easy of switching between mulching, bagging and discharge and also, for the rear wheel drive.
Out of the box, the unit was perfect. It took me 10 minutes to put the bagger together, add oil and gas. I could not believe it started with the first, very soft pull. I adjusted the wheels, which is pretty easy to do, adjusted the handle height, which I was very surprised how I could get an acceptable height, and started mowing. Even in the thickest grass, it mowed like a champ, and mulched so well, I really had to look hard for the clippings. What I really like is the adjustable speed control and blade disengage system. It was so nice not to have to shut off the mower when making adjustments. Overall, I was so surprised that cutting my lawn didn't take much longer than my 38"riding mower. It was a pleasure to cut the lawn today.
I am so glad I went with the bigger motor. It is well built, it is easy to use, and the manual is written well. This is my third Honda power tool and if its like the pressure washer and generator, it will probably out live me.
jczig
jacksonville, FL Type of use: Residential
starts 1st time no priming required. very fast self propelled in thick st. augustine grass.
excellent mower.
Hondo
North Wales, PA Type of use: Residential
There are many things I like about this mower: the easy-pull start, quietness, etc. However, the biggest problem is when in the "mulch" setting, it leaves a trail of grass along the left side. I have tried different height settings, but still get the trail of grass. Help me, Honda, help, help me Honda!
Try our helpful handout on improving cut quality. There are many tips that may help resolve this issue!
mkf
mobile, AL Type of use: Residential
Lynn
Fair Oaks, CA Type of use: Residential
My old Honda commercial grade mower gave up after 15 years. Bought a new HRR216VKA this week. We have a large lawn that took 45 minutes to mow with the old mower. Fired up the new mower and went at it. After one hour, I finished and was exhausted. My lawn is not some nice smooth rectangle. Everything is curved with a dry creek bed running through it for 190'. The lawn is also lumpy with thin spots and clumps of fescue. Trying to mow this with Smart Drive (SD) was miserable. Every little bump upset my pressure on the SD speed control, resulting in speeding up followed by slowing too much as I tried to compensate for the speed change. I wish I had considered paying more for a mower with a regular transmission.
Also, the SD needs some sort of top speed restrictor. At top speed it is way faster than I can walk.
Otherwise, the mower engine started up just fine and ran great.
Take a good look at your lawn before you buy this mower.
Hi Lynn, we're sorry you had trouble. Try adjusting the Smart Drive control. It has 5 positions, up and down. Adjusting the position can help with speed and pressure issues you're experiencing – give it a try and we think you will find a position that is much more comfortable. Hope this helps!
Vic
White Oak, PA Type of use: Residential
Fettabachi
Cumming, GA Type of use: Residential
Overall it's a pretty good mower though there's a couple of things to be aware of.
I primarily bought this mower because of it's touted mulching capabilities with the double blade and all. My experience has been that the grass will adhere to the deck if there's much moisture in the grass at all. Which means that the mower gets very heavy and begins to bog the engine down. The solution is to set the mower very high which isn't useful in my situation or catch the clippings which is what I was trying to avoid.
Another problem I found was that when I stored the mower between uses I would fold the handle all the way over and then when time to mow the engine was incredibly hard to start (20 - 30 pulls), very frustrating and lots of swearing at the Honda name. I attributed it to the choke problems I'd heard about in other reviews. Quite by accident, I found that if I don't fold the handle completely over between uses it will start on the first pull every time.
I'm not sure I'd buy another one. I'll see what kind of service I get out of this one first. My old mower was amazing, and still running, but it isn't self propelled.
Hippibilly
Kennesaw, GA Type of use: Residential
mr green
galloway, OH Type of use: Residential
I now mow my yard in half the time, perfect cut everytime.love the double blade for mulching, i dont have to empty the bag ever two rows of grass I cut. Solid, reliable and it looks nice too! Wouldnt hesitate to recomend this mower to anyone.
airplanut
mansfield, OH Type of use: Residential
I really like the mower as it starts easy, runs very well and tracks very well. But the only dislike is it leaves rows of higher grass where the wheels roll. Tried all types of cutting heights, narrower cutting paths and even uped the engine rpm but still had the grass higher where the wheels roll. Talked to Honda service and their reasoning is my grass is not suitable for this type of mower. Kentucky blue grass in Ohio is not good enough!!! Ouch. Too bad my Lawnboy wore out as it never had this problem.
John
Grand Rapids, MI Type of use: Residential
On May 7, 2014, I purchased this lawn mower. I used it four times. Each time it was hard to start. It would take 7 - 10 attempts before it would start. It acted like it was either flooded or not getting enough fuel. I returned it to Home Depot for an exchange. The second machine started on the first pull.
I contacted product support and felt that they really didn't care about my experience. After stating that they would take this occurence seriously, I was asked neither my name, phone number,or e-mail address. No request for product type, serial number, date of purchase, or location of purchase.
It's an open question whether or not I will purchase future Honda products.
Hi John, we are so sorry that you had a bad experience, and worse, that it came across like our Customer Relations team didn't care. That is not the case at all. We take quality issues very seriously and have good systems in place to make sure we can find and resolve them quickly. Because you'd already returned the mower to Home Depot, we knew that the service techs there would report this issue to us. This is why there was no need to get extra info from you. Again, we're sorry you had a poor experience - thank you for giving us another chance.
Al
warwick, RI Type of use: Residential
We’re sorry to hear you are disappointed in the performance of your mower.
Hitting a rock or another solid object creates a huge amount of force. To give you an idea, a 21-inch Honda lawn mower blade tip moves at nearly 200 miles per hour. The kinetic energy of the rotating blades is roughly the same as dropping a 50 pound weight from a height of 17 feet. This is important to consider because it means the crankshaft would still bend, even if the lawn mower were equipped with a shear key..
Woody
Edmonds, WA Type of use: Residential
Al
Portage, MI Type of use: Residential
We've had this mower just over 2 years. It cuts fine. Handling is OK. Switching between bag, mulch, and rear-discharge is ok. The variable-speed control takes some getting used to, but it's ok. However, Honda seems to insult its buyers by making information unavailable to them. This evening, the power drive failed -- it seemed to jerk but wouldn't move the mower. I cleaned the mower, and it looks like the drive belt is a little worn and frayed. Simple replacement, right? Not to Honda. I've spent over an hour reading and re-reading the manuals, and there is NO mention of any drive belt. Does Honda think it's a secret? So Then I checked their web site -- again, Honda goes out of its way to make basic information unavailable. So I called their customer service number during normal business hours, and the phone tree made it impossible to talk to anybody. All I wanted is to know the size of the drive belt so I can buy the right one -- but Honda keeps that a secret. This reinforces my opinion that Honda really conceals information from its users, and goes out of its way to frustrate its customers.
This mower would be good if you only intend to use it a couple years. Or if you're wealthy and never maintain anything yourself. But if you have an ounce of initiative, you'll only get incredibly frustrated. When I bought this one, it was a close decision between Honda and Toro. I think I made the wrong choice.
Under normal usage conditions, the drive belt is designed to provide years or troublefree service and does not require regular maintenance.
If the belt has abnormal wear and/or dislodged, there may be a problem with the drive system, which may be covered under warranty. We'd suggest you take it to the dealer for review.
But if you prefer to do it yourself, the replacement procedure is listed in the shop manual. You can purchase it from our store on eBay or Amazon.
Please note that this is not an "off-the shelf" drive belt - it's specially designed by Honda, so giving a size is no use for a customer. The belt part number is 22431-VL0-P01 and can be purchased from any Honda dealer.
Hope this helps!
Richard
Fort Smith, AR Type of use: Residential
David
Austin, TX Type of use: Residential
UNHAPPY
Germantown, OH Type of use: Residential
bill
englewood, CO Type of use: Residential
Henry Ford
Cherryville, NC Type of use: Residential
Consumer
Council Bluffs, IA Type of use: Residential
Pros: Solid frame; self-propelled wheels are strong and seem as though they will last; 3-1 option very convenient and can easily change between bag or mulch; bag very large and can hold a lot of grass; motor seems very well built/designed and starts very easily; when pulling mower backwards it doesn't lock up and smart drive control is very convenient; ability to fold up mower handle is very nice. Ease of use, quality, and features are outstanding on this mower.
Cons: cutting is not as nice as Toro my parents purchased a few years back; has difficulty with long grass which is understandable (as an owner you'll need to stay on top of your grass unless you want to bag; it bags very nicely). It cuts short/medium grass ok at best. I only say this because I cut very little grass off my lawn during the last mow (I first mowed on Friday and then mowed on Monday) and it still left streaks in wheels (I made sure to overlap) and it missed some spots (only 3 days between mows). I will say that if you stay on top of your lawn (mow often) and you don't rush through mowing, mower will cut to satisfaction. Also, no side discharger is offered, which is standard with my parent's Toro. I think for the price one pays for the mower, a side discharger should be included as opposed to an option.
Overall I ranked the mower three starts because of my current experience with cutting grass. Quality and features are outstanding. Mower seems as though it will last for a very long time, but cutting is average. Would I buy the mower again knowing what I know today? Yes; I definitely believe the quality trumps my current mowing experience. I will just have to make sure I go even slower when I mow and stay on top of my lawn. I'll try to follow-up with a review a few months from now to see if my opinion is the same.
jcantonga
Canton, GA Type of use: Residential
mark
West senece, NY Type of use: Residential
Hi Mark,
Honda strives for continuous improvement and closely monitors the quality of its products both in mass production and after-sale. Although the occurrence ratio is very small, we are aware some customers have experienced difficulties with the auto choke system and as a result, improvements have already been implemented in mass production. Authorized Honda power equipment dealers have also been made aware of these improvements and given instructions to repair any unit that exhibits auto-choke related symptoms. We appreciate our customers' feedback that helped us to identify and quickly correct the issue.
Len
Centennial, CO Type of use: Residential
We are sorry to hear you are having problems with your Honda lawn mowers. Here are a few tips that might help. Surging is usually caused by clogging of the fuel system, which may be the result of water or contamination in your gasoline. All Honda lawn mowers are equipped with a fuel filter, but this filter cannot prevent water from entering the carburetor. Most fuel system problems can be avoided by following the steps at:
We hope this is helpful!
Len
Centennial, CO Type of use: Residential
fariche1
Lincoln, RI Type of use: Residential
Jim
Orlandpark, IL Type of use: Residential
GROS PAPA
NAPLES, FL Type of use: Residential
Dsy
Seattle, WA Type of use: Residential, Landscaping/Commerical
Craig
St Paul, MN Type of use: Residential
brently
chesterfield, MI Type of use: Residential
candyman
Pittsburgh, PA Type of use: Residential
jwdc
Keller, TX Type of use: Residential
After a lot of research, I got the HRR216VKA. I was skeptical because usually the product doesn't live up to the hype. However, right out of the box, this mower has done everything promised. Starting immediately, zipping along effortlessly. I've used the bag, and I've mowed with just mulching, and both were easy to switch between. The mower feels well built, with quality and substance.
So far, very happy with this purchase.
Kt
Orlando, FL Type of use: Residential
Mark
Medical Lake , WA Type of use: Residential
Mark, we're sorry to hear you have had issues with your mower. Please do take it to a Honda dealer - the HRR216VKA carries a 3 year warranty and the warranty is still valid even if the lawn mower was not registered. You can find a local dealer here:
The Smart Drive control does provide variable speed. This is accomplished by varying the pressure applied to the Smart Drive control. Your local dealer can help you with this feature, or you can check out a video on how to operate it here:
Again, we're sorry you've been disappointed in your mower - we hope you will take it to a dealer and give us the chance to make it right.
Eric
Bayamon, PA Type of use: Residential
Hi Eric,
The particles you are experiencing is probably dust from your lawn. The clippings themselves are too large to pass through the bag. This problem can occur when mowing in very dry or dusty conditions. The only solutions are to reduce dust by watering more often or mulch. Raising the cutting height can also help.
A lawn mower works like a vacuum cleaner. The grass bag is designed to allow air to pass through while capturing grass clippings. It's not designed to "filter" dust. Good air flow is critical to achieve excellent bagging performance.
Hope this is helpful!
cajun lynn
New Iberia, LA Type of use: Residential
Rich
Austin, TX Type of use: Residential
Repeat Honda owner. First Honda used on residential lawn for more than 10 years. For optimum engine performance we used a fuel stabilizer late in the season then shut off fuel valve and ran dry prior to short winter storage. The engine started easily and ran perfectly during the entire time we owned the first one. Switched to lawn service when we moved and donated the mower. After several years we decided to cancel the lawn service and take over all lawn maintenance. Looked at several other top brands and researched ratings to confirm Honda was still at the top of our list. Purchased the HRR2169VKA for use on Bermuda grass. The mower starts on the first pull, and requires little effort when pulling the cord. The mulching capability was also a key decision criteria. Our yard is covered about 30% with large oak trees. We rake and blow the majority of leaves and when mowing following the annual leaf drop in the early spring the mulch setting is comparable to a vacuum when the grass bag is attached. The mower picks up almost all the leaves and the few left behind are chopped into very small pieces. The Smart Drive took a few passes to get a feel for controlling the speed and adjusting the position of the levers on the handlebar. Overall the mower is easy to use and the lawn looks better after a fresh cut than it did after the lawn service was here with their "commercial" mowers. Thanks Honda.
New to Honda
Visalia, CA Type of use: Residential
Mike S
Monroe, NY Type of use: Residential
JMD
Fort Mill, SC Type of use: Residential
Bones
Columbus, GA Type of use: Residential
forwhatitsworth
indianapolis, IN Type of use: Residential
frustrated
port charlotte, FL Type of use: Residential
Ricky
Astatula, FL Type of use: Residential
Pacheco
miami, FL Type of use: Landscaping/Commerical
thankyou and sorry.
He comprado 3 maquinas honda modelo HRR216VKA8 en abril del 2013 yo las uso para trabajar desde el dia que las compre el motor es icreible siempre arranca del primer cuerdazo y queda moderando muy bien.
Su corte es impecable debido al sistema de doble cichilla. lo que he notado hace 2 meses osea mediados de noviembre del 2013 que he tenido muchisimos problemas con la transmision.
La caja de la transmision no es el problema sino que se empieza a comer o desgastar la punta del eje donde trabaja el reten y empieza a trabajar torcido hasta que se rompe. La unica solucion que he encontrado es cambiar toda la transmision.
Kawika
Kealakekua, HI Type of use: Residential
I bought a Honda Model HRR2169VKA mower the other day. I replaced a similar model that was about 10 years old. After setting up the new mower I started it up. Guess what! No throttle. The engine speed is flat out and cannot be adjusted. I consider this to be a major problem for day-to-day lawn mowing. I think this could be very dangerous to the machine and those near it should the blade hit a small rock or other unwanted object. I can only imagine that the fuel consumption would be higher and that engine life would be reduce substantially.
While the quality of this mower is less than my current machine, it is still acceptable. I give this mower 2 STARS.
I returned the mower to Home Depot and am still looking for a new one.
Thank you for your review. As you noted, this model does not have an adjustable throttle. However, it is not a safety issue in any way.
The lawn mower is designed to always run at maximum engine speed during mowing. This ensures the best cutting performance will be achieved.
The adjustable throttle is most beneficial on models equipped with Roto-Stop Blade Stop System, where the blade can be stopped without shutting off the engine. For these models, the engine speed can be reduced while emptying the grass bag. There is no safety benefit.
If this feature remains important to you, may we suggest you consider the HRR216VYA, which does have an adjustable throttle. This feature is also available on several HRX217 models.
We hope this helps to address your concerns.
Frank S
Cinnaminson, NJ Type of use: ResidentialJust copy and paste the code below to embed this station in your blog, website or social profile.
You've chosen Shine 101.9, if you want to select another radio station, go back to the Radio Directory
Back to Shine 101.9 - FM 101.9 - Pearson, GA.
Note: You can also go further and add a Banner of Streema in your site, to do that, go here.In Memory of.
Funeral Service
Tuesday, October 12, 2010 | 10 A.M.
First United Methodist Church
Fort Smith, Arkansas
Driving Directions
Burial
Tuesday, October 12, 2010 | 11 A.M.
U.S. National Cemetery
Fort Smith, Arkansas
Driving DirectionsHattiesburg, Miss., May 17, 2013 - Macie Foreman, a senior biology major and psychology/chemistry minor from Rayne, La., was recently named the 2013-2014 recipient of the William Carey University Student Foundation Scholarship.
William Carey News.
Hattiesburg, Miss., May 9, 2013 - Hanna Moore of Richton, a senior elementary education major at William Carey University, was recently named a 2013 Outstanding Teacher Intern by the Mississippi Association of Colleges of Teacher Education (MACTE). During a ceremony at the Mississippi Department of Education building in Jackson, she was honored alongside other outstanding teacher interns and met Interim State Superintendent of Education Dr. Lynn House.
Hattiesburg, Miss., May 7, 2013 - Two first-year William Carey University College of Osteopathic Medicine (WCUCOM) students, Karla Ruiz and Binh Q. Vu, have been chosen by the National Medical Fellowships, Inc.
Hatt.Southwest Airlines starts fall fare war
.
A three-day fare sale launched Tuesday by Southwest Airlines -- one of the top three carriers at Denver International Airport -- has spread to other carriers.
Southwest and its AirTran Airways merger partner started things rolling Tuesday by announcing a 72-hour fall-travel sale, with one-way fares from DIA starting at $99 for a journey of 501 to 1,300 miles and $139 for longer trips.
The offer ends Thursday, June 14, and involves travel from Aug. 13 to Nov. 14.
Several other airlines soon offered their own fall specials, including United Airlines and Frontier Airlines, also among DIA's leading carriers, BestFares.com reports.
Discounted fares are not available on certain dates.LA CROSSE, Wis. (WEAU) -- After a week of silence, the National Rifle Association came out Friday to react to last week's deadly school shooting.
NRA CEO Wayne Lapierre held a news conference in Washington, DC.
He said last Friday’s shootings were tragic and blamed lack of government action and media outlets for the rising rate of gun violence in this country.
He also said his organization will fund a committee to look into the possibility of posting armed guards at all of the nation's schools.
"The only way to stop a monster from killing our kids is to be personally involved and invested in a plan of absolute protection. The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun, is a good guy with a gun,” said Lapierre.
Law enforcement leaders agree that something must be done to stop the violence. But is the NRA’s solution of putting an armed officer in every school viable?
The sound of it may be alarming to some parents, but most schools already do it, like at Central High School in La Crosse.
They have a student resource officer, much like other schools within the La Crosse School District.
“I think with an SRO in the school, I think as far as violence I think it’s a deterrent not only from the concerns of people from the outside coming in but also the kids in school,” said Officer Rick Pfennig with the La Crosse Police Department. He’s been Central’s school resource officer for around eight years.
But the cost of a school resource officer can be pricey.
“La Crosse County alone has over 30 schools, public schools and if we start including private schools, daycare centers that our children are at, it’s going to be very costly,” said chief deputy Jeff Wolf with La Crosse County Sheriff’s Department. “I don’t know if having every school (have an armed officer) is going to be a solution, it might be a deterrent in some ways.”
To save on money the NRA proposed having trained and certified volunteers do the job.
“Volunteers are a good idea. Former law enforcement officers whatever it may be, we need to come up with some type of solution so that it doesn’t happen in our community as well,” said Wolf.
But volunteer officers can potentially lead to more problems.
“Yes you’re there to help and you’re putting yourself out there but on the other end of the spectrum, it’s the liability,” said Pfennig.
One of the other issues is mental health and how it must be brought to light, said Wolf.
“I think we also need to look at the mental health situation in our country and try to come up with some type of solution for these individuals doing these acts,” said Wolf.
And there are also talks of the ease and accessibility of automatic rifles.
“Even folks out there with mental health issues, what is the answer to being able to avoid people getting their hands on them,” said Pfennig. “I don’t know that but this is a sad situation where that happened to be the case, where he was having some issues, and was able to get his hands on his mom’s weapons.”
Discussion continues on having teachers carry fire arms in the case of an unwanted intruder inside a classroom. But that’s a topic that needs more discussion, said Wolf.
“It’s been talked about for several years, I think even since Columbine, about arming teachers or staff personnel. I don’t know if that’s an option. The people in the education community need to get together and talk and see if that’s even a possibility,” said Wolf.
Pfennig said automatic rifles should be harder to obtain by the public and schools need to improve on their security system if possible.
“The school district working with the police departments, police department having accessibility to the security systems at the school is another big plus,” said Pfennig. download
- anganwadi form
- Anganwadi Application Form
- anganwadi teacher application form classifieds
- anganwadi workers application form
- anganwadi online form 2014 up
- anganwadi form 2014
- anganwadi online form
- up anganwadi online form 2014
- anganwadi worker application form
ok
i want to fill online form then wht i can do
I want to knw whole procedure of selection in angan barhi
this job need my wife
me up se belong krti hu, kya me ye form fill kr skti hu??
this job is used of my sister
Sir/madam my self Sonam negi from faridabad. I am 12th passed from CBSE and B.A Eng pursuing. I am interested to job for teaching or supervisor in aganbadi . so plz if any teacher requirement so plz update my mail I’d. Thanks.
ReplyFeb 16th 2015
Vintage Vibe
Vintage glassware for your next cocktail 
Vintage glassware for your next cocktail 
Cruising around Target, you can find a lot of holiday deals, and some well-dressed locals, too. 
Vintage and thrift store pieces create an array of personal style at Craft Lake City. 
Come to Nordstrom at City Creek Center this Saturday to Pop Your Style with POP Phone. 
Page 1 of 1:Therapy for pneumonitis and sialadenitis by accumulation of CCR2-expressing CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells in MRL/lpr mice
1 First Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Pathogenomics, Ehime University School of Medicine, Shitsukawa 454, Toon City, Ehime 791-0295, Japan
2 Department of Pathology, Division of Pathogenomics, Ehime University School of Medicine, Shitsukawa 454, Toon City, Ehime 791-0295, Japan
Arthritis Research & Therapy 2007, 9:R15 doi:10.1186/ar2122Published:. 16:44:56 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 21:56:49 UTC, BARBARA ST. PIERRE; SANNES, HEATHER; FINE, JASON; BEST, THOMAS
ST. PIERRE SCHNEIDER, B., H. SANNES, J. FINE, and T. BEST. Desmin characteristics of CD11b-positive fibers after eccentric contractions. Med. Sci. Sports Exerc., Vol. 34, No. 2, pp. 274–281, 2002.
Purpose: The purpose of this study was to determine the desmin characteristics of fibers infiltrated by CD11b-leukocytes in fast- and slow-twitch murine muscles after eccentric contractions.
Methods:.
Results:.
Conclusion: Increased desmin appears to be associated with an early stage of intramyofiber leukocyte infiltration after eccentric contractions.Welcome to the Muppet Central Forum!
You are viewing our forum as a guest. Join our free community to post topics and start private conversations. Please contact us if you need help with registration or your account login.
Zippy from Rainbow replica
Discussion in 'Puppet Building and Performing' started by Arislan, Mar 2, 2011.
<!—Start Adsense -->
Ideal for small groups, couples & families - fabulous rural and sea views. Sleeps up to 8+ 2 comfortably in either single/twin or king-size beds, bunk beds and a king-size sofa bed in the lounge which can accommodate the 2 extra people. There is a 50% discount for just 2 people staying.
Short breaks & weekly bookings are accepted throughout the year. You can book from any day of the week and flexible arrival and departure times can be arranged by request.
A new full-size bunk beds, a family bathroom (2nd floor), a large shower room (1st floor) and an additional loo on the ground floor. The accommodation is flexible and the double rooms, stereo, dvd and a Freesat Television.
Contemporary, self-catering holiday and short-term rental accommodation with stylish decor, and those little extras that make your stay more enjoyable.
Contemporary Cottages are ideally situated for anyone visiting the Dorset Juarssic Coast and Weymouth and Portland.
Short breaks and weekly bookings are accepted throughout the year. You can book from any day of the week. Late arrivals and early check-outs are welcomed. Longer winter lets also available.
You will arrive at a 'contemporary cottage' to find it spotlessly clean, with white crisp linen and fluffy large towels. Accommodation can be provided for up to 10 people. The properties are furnished practically with quality stylish furnishings to compliment the light and easy-going atmosphere of the coast. Each house has plenty of parking and complimentary wifi.
Whichever, property you choose, on your doorstep you will find incredible views of the Jurassic Coast, great restaurants and fantastic ways to relax.
Portland is a holiday playground. Areas of outstanding natural beauty, wonderful walks, cliffs,
There are several excellent golf clubs close by: Weymouth, Came Down and West Bay.Source: The MERGE storage engine was introduced in MySQL 3.23.25. I think that the MERGE table type would be an option you could use. Instructions about how to create a merge table are on the page. Shawn Green Database Administrator Unimin Corporation - Spruce Pine zeus@stripped wrote on 08/30/2004 12:58:48 PM: >: >Enjoy this article? You may also be interested in these related items from our partners.
Although we initially reported a start date of January 21 at the Disneyland Resort, the announced date at the press event was January 27, so we may have simply misread our source’s handwriting (or the date simply changed). At Walt Disney World, the show begins on Wednesday, January 19.
Beginning on the respective start dates, Disney PhotoPass photographers will provide guests with an all new card design that explains the new show and what it will mean to them.
Also discussed at the press event were newly released details on the Fantasyland expansion (all of which we already provided here) and the official announcement that Star Wars Weekends will begin on May 20 (as we already suspected) and Star Tours II will open on May 20. We first reported back in June of 2010 that Star Tours II would re-open on May 17 at Magic Kingdom and May 10 at Disneyland. We still believe these dates to be correct and that May 20 was mentioned only to associate it with the Star Wars Weekends, much like Captain EO at Epcot was touted to return on July 4 when the actual date was July 2. We especially don’t believe the attraction would open fresh on the first day of SWW without being tested by real world guests first. In fact, we even announced May 20 as the re-opening date first in March of 2010 and even noted then that it would be cutting it very close to SWW.
We anticipate a soft opening for Disneyland for May 4, 2011 (a.k.a. ‘May the 4th’).
Photos by Todd Anderson, courtesy of Walt Disney World Resort
Update #1: Walt Disney World has provided us with the following footage from the ‘Magic, Memories and You’ show. Unfortunately the audio does get a little messed up briefly, but it’s a good demonstration of the effects projected onto the castle:
Wow. That was amazing. I’ll be there in 2 weeks!Chelsea Handler
Christina Aguilera Admits To Never Wearing Underwear
“I don’t like to wear underwear. I like to be as free as possible at all times. It’s just who I am.”
Chelsea Handler Hates Everyone
Chelsea Handler is extra busy. She has “Lately,” a new show, books, and now she’s coming to Baltimore. Click ‘more’ to hear some Chelsea craziness.2011 Volvo S40 Repair and Maintenance
A guide to problems, costs, maintenance and repair for your 2011 Volvo S40
- Ignition Coil Replacement $128 - 191
- Axle/Half Shaft Replacement - Front $958 - 1,097
- Catalytic Converter Replacement $1,260 - 1,412
- Brake Pad and Rotor Replacement $343 - 521
- Oxygen Sensor Replacement $232 - 344
- Volvo S40.
2011 Volvo S40 Reviews.Though the heat might not go away anytime soon, snatch up your bikini and sunscreen, and enjoy the last long weekend before work and school season goes full throttle. Settle down poolside with a glass of Moët & Chandon Ice Impérial champagne, a blend of pinot noir, pinot meunier and chardonnay with notes of tropical fruits such as mango and guava, sweet spices like licorice, red fruits and peppermint, at one of these luxurious Arizona resort pools this Labor Day weekend.
W Scottsdale
Catch some rays in style and lounge on daybeds, pods or cabanas, at the W Scottsdale’s iconic rooftop WET pool, which features underwater lighting and music. Also be sure to catch international electronic dance performer DJ Max Vangeli on Sunday, September 2.
7227 E. Camelback Road Scottsdale, AZ 85251
Sanctuary Camelback Mountain Resort & Spa
If you’re looking for something more low-key this Labor Day weekend, bunker down with bubbles at the infinity-edge pool, two mountainside pools or lap pool at the Sanctuary Camelback Mountain.
5700 E. McDonald Drive Scottsdale, AZ 85253
The Saguaro
De-stress and recharge at one of the two cabana-style pools The Saguaro has to offer. Every Saturday is Swim Social Weekends at the Picante Pool from 11 a.m.-7 p.m., where guests can enjoy a free water aerobics class, then relax in the chilled pool and enjoy summer cocktails, tasty bites, beach balls, icy treats and tunes from DJ Al Page and guests.
4000 N. Drinkwater Blvd Scottsdale, AZ 85251
El Santo Cantina
This Old Town newbie offers guests a resort-style pool, a waterfall and private villas to while away the summer days from noon to 5 p.m. Saturdays and Sundays.
7301 East Butherus Drive Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Ritz Carlton Dove Mountain
Private relaxing pool and poolside cabanas equipped with luxury amenities welcome guests to kick back and relax. Ongoing through September 9, guests also enjoy “Splash Dining,” or a meal with the tables and chairs partially immersed in the Turquesa Pool’s shallow waters, among other specials.
15000 North Secret Springs Drive Marana, AZ 85658
Enchantment
Set on 70 acres of panoramic natural terrain, enjoy dramatic views of the Boynton Canyon from the indoor and outdoor pools while you’re sipping on some cool champagne.
525 Boynton Canyon Road Sedona, AZ 86336
Loews Ventana Canyon
Dip in the pool, sip on champagne and listen to first-class jazz music from the Tucson Jazz Society. In the spirit, Loews is offering a special Jazz Getaway package for Labor Day weekend, starting at $129 per night and include a one-night stay, two tickets to the concert and a meet and greet with the artist.
7000 North Resort Drive Tucson, AZ 85750I. The book boasts, in the "It" of the title (the grumpy, uncuddly Psammead, grudgingly susceptible to flattery, hypochondriacal about moisture), one of the most unlikely fairy godparents ever created. The human cast, from stalwart Cyril, brandisher of chemically-discoloured hankies, to Anthea, fierce as her panther nickname in defence of the baby Lamb but easily brought low by shame and backfiring plans, are authentically "tiresome", as Nesbit says, and instantly lovable as a result. There's detail in the book that contemporary kids might struggle with at first (a "fly" as a kind of vehicle and Hilary as a man's name, for example) but the faithful depiction of the children and the horrendous bish-ups they make with the best of intentions keep Nesbit's version timeless. Children are still reading it today without incentive.
I'm not wholly against the idea. Wilson's newfangled Four Children are a thoroughly modern family – brother, sister, half-sib and step – and I can envisage her making witty, fruitful observations about the meeting of such a 21st-century hotchpotch and the Norfolk-suited, pinafore-darning Edwardians. I'd also be intrigued to see how Wilson handles the Psammead granting a contemporary child's wish to be rich and famous, as opposed to the children of the original, who, having a proper British reticence, are interested only in lucre, not limelight. The Sandfairy spikes their guns by giving them foreign and suspicious (though pure gold) currency. What will it unleash upon the brash youth of the X-Factor generation?
For me, whether Wilson's Four Children and It can be chalked up as travesty or triumph will depend almost entirely on how Puffin sells it. If it's pitched as a loving homage, intended to bring some of Wilson's breathless readership to enjoy her take and then explore the original and its sequels, I have no beef with the idea. I have an uneasy suspicion, though, judging from Puffin's blurb, that it may be sold predominantly as "a new Jacqueline Wilson", with added fantasy elements – great if you liked Harry Potter! – with little or no acknowledgement of whence it comes. Both authors' work might benefit from pooling their readers?)On Thu, Feb 25, 2010 at 12:53:38AM +0100, Stefano Sabatini wrote: > On date Tuesday 2010-02-23 16:52:12 +0000, slippyr4 encoded: > > > > I? > > I agree that should be installed. If Michael is against for whatever > reason, I suggest to do it at least for the libavfilter repo. iam just against main svn ffmpeg installing headers for things that dont work yet [...] --: <> Pico Pistol with Inox Finish
Ruger LC9s Pro Semi-Auto Pistol
Tikka T3 Hunter Rifle - Blue Barrel and Walnut Stock
Beretta PX4 Storm Compact Semi-Auto Pistol
Beretta PX4 Storm Sub-Compact Semi-Auto Pistol
Browning® 1911-22 Compact Black/Pink Composite
Browning® 1911-22 A1 Black/Pink Composite
Bushmaster Varminter Rifle
Bushmaster Predator Rifle
Smith & Wesson M&P Bodyguard Semi-Auto Pistol with Crimson Trace Sight
Smith & Wesson M&P 22 Compact Semi-Auto Pistol
Smith & Wesson® M&P15-A1 Style Semi Automatic Rifle
Smith & Wesson M&P40C Compact Pistol
Smith & Wesson® M&P9C Compact Pistol
Taurus® Model 709 Slim Semi Automatic Compact PistolGET EMAIL UPDATES FROM OKMAGAZINE on Elizabethtown for the financial drama.
Kristen, 29, was last seen alongside Ryan Gosling in 2010’s All Good Things and now has a handful of projects in the works including Upside Down and On the Road.
Cities, also starring Anil Kapoor, is reported to begin production in 2012.Staying here again while attending a concert in Edmonton. This is the only hotel we stay in while in Edmonton. Its a boutique hotel that is located in a historical building that has outstanding service and very comfortable rooms. They cost a bit more but we feel it is worth it and the included breakfast in Madison's Grill is amazing (no skimpy breakfast - a la carte with great selections).Rush Moa 3 loops around the island for 1 full lap, each loop around is slightly different from the previous one though. i've seen a lot of race maps that use terrain and i have never liked how they used the terrain, it has always been just a track out of forge pieces then switches to terrain just to make the track a bit longer and to have a bit of a change and i always hated this, so, i decided to actually build around the island while keep the island itself is the main track to the map and i think i've pulled it off quite well for my first try at a race map. the framerate is pretty good as well, i had a 10 player party on it with one person using splitscreen and no issues araised. 1 lap Download now!Don’t miss these top stories:
- Is identity-theft insurance a waste of money?
- ‘Alternative’ investments go mainstream
- Your financial spring-cleaning checklist
- Should you delay taking Social Security?
More than 2 million electronic records have been breached since January, writes MarketWatch reporter Priya Anand. But the ID-theft insurance commonly tacked onto existing home, auto and travelers policies may not actually protect you if your account is compromised.
Plus, see what the new mutual-funds categories mean for investors, read about the seven things you should do this month to get your financial house in order, and learn why sometimes, it’s best to wait a few years when it comes to collecting Social Security benefits.
—Kaitlyn Wells, Personal Finance reporter
‘Alternative’ investments go mainstream
Chuck Jaffe on what to make of new mutual-fund classifications.
‘Alternative’ investments go mainstream
Is identity-theft insurance a waste of money?
Why these policies may not offer much protection.
Is identity-theft insurance a waste of money?
Judging Obamacare, state by state
Enrollment figures vary widely by location.
Judging Obamacare, state by state
10 things your real-estate agent won’t tell you
What buyers and sellers should know about that 6% commission.
10 things your real-estate agent won’t tell you
Your favorite cocktail just got more expensive
Several forces are conspiring to raise your bar tab.
Your favorite cocktail just got more expensive
Do consumers really want honest pricing?
Experience of StubHub and J.C. Penney suggests people like price tricks.
Do consumers really want honest pricing?
Pope Francis, Obama allies in war on global inequality
Pope Francis and President Obama are now allies in a global war against inequality and capitalism.
Pope Francis, Obama allies in war on global inequality
Your financial spring-cleaning checklist:
Your financial spring-cleaning checklist
RETIREMENT
Big IRA tax deadline this week for retirees
Some people who turned 70 in 2013 need to make an ‘RMD’ withdrawal by April 1 to avoid penalties.
Big IRA tax deadline this week for retireesThis is the latest episode of the syndicated Dancehall Now podcast produced by Highlanda Sound System for March 2011 featuring the very latest dancehall and soca music in a full stereo radio broadcast format.
This episode includes live footage from Highlanda’s Dancehall Now Radio Show (Tuesdays 6pm – 9pm EST) on DaFlavaRadio.com, VibesFM.gm and Route1Radio.com in which reggae recording artist Tarrus Riley talks with SuperPEC about growing up being surrounded by music, and travelling the world promoting his current projects..
ACCESS THIS PODCAST
Related articles
- Dancehall Now featuring Charly Black – PODCAST Now Available (highlanda.wordpress.com)
- Jamaica’s Top Artists Set To Perform – Live On The Waterfront 2011 (highlanda.wordpress.com)
- Tarrus Riley: “Shaka Zulu Pickney” (theiiirdworld.com)
- Soulful Sundays: Tarrus Riley (insidejourneys.com)ACTING CLASSES FOR KIDS, TEENS & ADULTS
What people are saying about our classes and private coaching...
"I love this place!" -10 year old actor
"I refer all my clients interested in taking solid acting classes in the Denver area to ACTASANA." - Los Angeles Based Talent Manager
"My son loves Actasana. The teachers are amazing, and always encourage children to do their best. I highly recommend them." - Mother of 8 year old student
"This is my favorite acting class ever. I want to come here for the rest of my life!" - 12 year old actress
"The Meisner Technique has had a positive influence in my life." - Adult Acting Student
"My daughter has been so happy and confident since taking class here." -Mother of an actress in the Young Actors Program
"My private audition coaching session with Lea helped me book the job!"
"I discovered Actasana when I was looking for help in improving my business development and sales presentations for my consulting business. Lea Marlene tailored her coaching to my style and needs resulting in my quickly gaining more confidence, influence and results in my sales presentations and client meetings."
"Great atmosphere, very intimate, just what Denver needed!"
Welcome to ACTASANA Acting Studio and Theatre!
ACT- The reality of doing
ASANA- A pose or series of poses
ACTASANA (ACT ah-sah-nah)
( Please visit the bottom left of this page under the section 'Who Are We?' and click on the link How do you pronounce ACTASANA to hear an audio recording of the correct pronunciation.)
We are a Sanford Meisner based Acting Studio and Theatre. The acting program integrates yoga into each class helping the students cultivate the energy needed before their work on stage or on camera. This is an all levels yoga practice and is very beginner friendly.
Our intimate jewel box theatre hosts classes, professional play productions on The Namastage, Stand Up Comedy Nights, Workshops, Featured Artists Series as well as a New Filmmakers Night! We are dedicated to providing a welcoming space for actors and non-actors alike. We challenge you to grow artistically and live creatively. Actasana is Denver's off off off Broadway for all things entertainment!
We are dedicated to giving you powerful tools so that you have the freedom for your creativity and authenticity to shine. Our offerings give you the ability to thrive in life, both personally and professionally.This recipe has long been one of my favorites. It is incredibly simple, quick, healthy, and delicious – what more can you ask for? I love to make this when I get home from a long, busy day because it is so quick and easy but still tastes great. It is even great as a leftover. I think the garnish really adds something special to this soup, so I wouldn’t recommend skipping it.
Pingback: cooking! frenzy! « riseypland()Android Application Developer
India - Last active: 1 day
ios/Android developer
Malaysia - Last active: 10/24/2014 - Tests: 2 - Portfolio: 2.
Mexico - Last active: 4 months ago - Tests: 6. TOEIC Score: 955 points.
Python Programmer
United Kingdom - Last active: 1 day ago - Tests: 2
I am a self taught python programmer primarily working on web scraping projects but hoping to broaden my knowledge. Previous projects have include using: sqlite, mysql, django, flask, kivy, appengine, heroku, pyqt/pyside and multiple api's for websites such as reddit, twitter, tumblr etc. I have a love for regex and xpath when it comes to data scraping.
Advanced Enhanced Skill In My Expertises
India - Last active: 1 month ago - Tests: 2 - Portfolio: 1
Senior Developer & System Architect [14yrs+] hands-on Intensive Experience in developing large scale/ complex system solutions for any/cross platform with high performance and scalability feature. Proficiency in debugging the problem at any level and give the best results. Looking for challenges beyond my reach. Happy to make long term relations and committed to deliver effective and efficient results on time, on budget. Ingenious Expertise Know-how: * JavaScript : (NodeJS , AngularJS, jQuery, ExtJS, Sencha Touch, Backbone.js, Underscore.js, Prototype) * API Integration a. Payment APIs : (strip,auth.net, paypal, cheddargetter API) b. Social media APIs : ( facebook, linkedin, twitter) * Codeignitor, CakePHP, Wordpress framework * Version control system GIT, SVN * Amazon Web Services Integration
- Node.js
- JavaScript
- PHP
- jQuery
- MySQL Administration
- SQLite Administration
- SQL
- WordPress
- CakePHP
- CodeIgniter
Associated with: Mind2Minds
WebDev,DataEntry,WebResearch,Blog,CS/TS
Indonesia - Last active: 12/08/2014 - Tests: 2
My objective is to work with flexible time, I can put plenty of hours accordings to my schedule, I work hard and diligently also. My past as software engineer make me have great eye and have a good problem solver. I have many skills that allow me to perform many online duties, also I'm always finding new things too. yes I've been retired for a while to rise my kids, but now I'm back with positive energy to work, I'll be good and hard worker.
Java, .Net and Android Developer
Spain - Last active: 10/31/2014 - Tests: 2
Java, .Net and Android Developer. My personal web:
- Java
- Android
- VB.NET
- NetBeans
- Microsoft Visual Studio
- Eclipse
- Database design
- MySQL Administration
- SQLite Administration
- Hibernate
Associated with: Samsourcing
Software Developer
United States - Last active: 29 days ago - Tests: 3 - Portfolio: 4
Experienced Applications Programmer: Programming Perl, Java, C++, MySQL, XML, HTML, CSS3, and JavaScript solutions on servers, desktops, and web clients.The Boston Globe
Catcher Dan Butler was optioned to Triple A Pawtucket on Sunday. (Matthew J. Lee/Globe staff)
The Red Sox had another round of roster moves Sunday morning. Catcher Daniel Butler, who is on the 40-man roster, was optioned to Triple A Pawtucket.
Lefthander Rich Hill and righthanders Jon Ely and Dalier Hinojosa, who are all non-roster invitees, were reassigned to minor league camp. Lefthander Jose Mijares was released.
Butler, one of five catchers on the 40-man, could be called up if needed, manager John Farrell said.
“I had a good feel for what he is. And continues to show that every time he walks on the field,” Farrell said. “And was we mentioned to him on the way out, if the need were to arise. We’ve got one of three catchers that we feel are a foul tip away, to come up and replace someone if that need were to happen. So Daniel’s clearly in that mix.”
Farrell said he was impressed with the job Hill did to catch up to other pitchers in camp. Hill did not report until March 6 after the Feb. 24 death of his infant son, Brooks, who was born Dec. 26.
“It’s going to take a little more time to get back to the arm strength that we typically know him at to have,” Farrell said. “So innings are starting to dry up a little more now that the starters are getting deeper, so that was the move made.”
Hinojosa will pitch out of the bullpen for Pawtucket. Ely, who hasn’t pitched this spring because of injury, will remain in Fort Myers in extended spring training.
The Sox have not yet targeted a date to have the roster at 25. The Sox now have 35 players in big league camp, including 30 players from the 40-man roster, and five non-roster invitees.
■ Craig Breslow will pitch in a minor league game on Monday. It will be his first appearance in a game this spring, after being delayed because of last season’s increased workload.
■ Jake Peavy is scheduled to start Monday. Instead of traveling to Sarasota to face the Orioles, though, he will pitch in a minor league game at the complex. The Sox are scheduled to host the Orioles’ Single-A teams.
■ Jon Lester will do the same on.
■ Asked if the Sox were still looking for roster additions, Farrell replied:
“I like the team we have. I think we have a very good team. And yet Ben [Cherington] will never rest on ways that could upgrade the roster, but my thought is we’re heading into Monday’s’ opener with the guys that are here in camp.”
■ Grady Sizemore is starting in center field, batting lead off Sunday. It is the first of three scheduled consecutive days for him. He has not played as many as three days in a row since July 2011.
Wake up with today's top stories.Want each day's news headlines delivered fresh to your
inbox every morning? Just connect with us
in one of the following ways:
subscriber log inEach year, misguided government officials and fearful corporate executives try to censor expressions of Christmas, and, each year, after people object, others deny such censorship exists. But it does.
This year’s examples include:
1. The Governor of Rhode Island renaming the Christmas tree erected in the State Capitol as a “holiday tree.”
2. The City of Santa Monica, California stopping a six decade tradition of allowing private citizens to erect Nativity scenes in a local park after atheists complained and worked to erect their anti-Christmas displays.
3. And officials at a community college in western North Carolina rewriting an advertisement, so that a student group was selling “holiday trees,” not Christmas trees, as a fundraiser.
I have personally been involved in situations in which public school officials changed the lyrics of Christmas carols or forbade students from displaying art they had made in class depicting the manger scene. So when I hear someone deny that Christmas censorship exists, I feel like the late Neil Armstrong reading claims that the moon landing was faked.
Why do these “Holly Claus” deniers persist in claiming that nothing like a “war on Christmas” exists?
Maybe they are misled by the vast array of Christmas decorations and music surrounding us this time of year. But pointing to a store festooned in red ribbons and colored lights with “Frosty the Snowman” playing misses the point. The censorship removes the religious aspects of Christmas, while leaving the holiday’s less offensive secular aspects. In the myriad store decorations it is difficult to find any celebration of Jesus Christ coming to earth to die for the sins of His people (Matt. 1:21). That is the message being suppressed.
When a private business instructs its employees to say “Happy Holidays” and never “Merry Christmas,” it is succumbing to an unseen pressure to eliminate the “objectionable” religious aspects of Christmas.
But the Constitution does not guarantee everyone the right to a cleansed corridor, with everything they find “offensive” removed from their path. Even if such a constitutional requirement existed, it would apply only to the government, not to private businesses and individuals. A store clerk or a public school student saying “Merry Christmas” cannot violate the Constitution.
The Constitution requires the government to accommodate private religious expression, not obliterate it. The Establishment Clause does not require public schools to stop students from making art that depicts Mary and Joseph.
Also, it does not require school officials to change the words of Christmas carols sung at the school’s Christmas, er, Winter Concert. School officials can constitutionally use religious songs for educational purposes, like, to teach history (black gospel spirituals) or to challenge the students’ skills (like Handel’s Messiah) or even because the songs are relevant to the community or time of year. Imagine how students would suffer from a deficient public school education plucked bare off anything referencing religion. No Shakespeare? No Renaissance art?
Yes, Virginia, there is Christmas censorship, but the Constitution does not require it. And frankly, those demanding it should find more important things.Eng, You can't really call my logic off, as I am just stating that the system has worked. We have the most wins in the LG in BBs time as team builder. I pointed out the steelers, ravens, and gints all being former SB winners with the same GM, the same QB and the same coach and they are not even in the playoffs. 2 of them also have HOF QBs like we do. That isnt logic, ot is a fsct.
So for the 3 or 4 guys on this forum who say Brady and cosching are the only reasons we have been so dominate, I say good one. We have had top 5 defenses, top 5 offenses, top 3 passing, top 3 rushing, at all different times in BB's control. You cant have a talented enough team to go to super bowls every other year but then not have any talent because we lost 2 SB's in the last 2 minutes. Backwards thinking. It just doesn't make sense.
And speaking of flawed logic, how can you sit here and possibly criticize the amount of probowlers we have had during BB's reign( which I would guess is the most in the entire nfl) when it is probably as good as it gets. Thats like saying the Rothschild family was the richest family in the world but they could have made more money so they really didn't do too well!!!CITI OPEN 2014
Rojer/Tecau Win Fifth Team Title In Washington
Washington, U.S.A.
by ATP Staff|
03.08.2014
Jean-Julien Rojer and Horia Tecau maintained their supremacy in ATP World Tour finals, improving to 5-1 as a team with a 7-5, 6-4 win over Sam Groth and Leander Paes at the Citi Open.
The unseeded Dutch-Romanian duo, who trailed 1-4 in the opening set, fired three aces and converted on three of 13 break point opportunities for the win in 80 minutes. All of their titles have come in 2014, having previously claimed one on indoor hard in Zagreb, a pair on clay in Casablanca and Bucharest, and one on grass in ‘s-Hertogenbosch.
"They're a new team, the first time they played together," said Tecau of Groth and Paes. "We were able to watch a few of their matches during the week and we made a plan for the match today. We knew what to expect. Groth is a big server and with Leander at the net we knew it was going to be a tough task.
"We were just hoping to get in the return games when Leander was serving and engage Groth at the net. Despite the slow start, we played pretty solid and once we got the break back we were able to get some more energy and confidence and just rolled for the rest of the match."
Individually, Rojer improved to 14-12 in tour-level finals, while Tecau won his 21st crown in his 35th title match. They take home $93,460 and 500 Emirates ATP Rankings points for their efforts.
"We talk a lot and communicate," said Rojer about the partnership. "We've known each other for a long time and we work hard and enjoy competing. It comes naturally when we're on the court together."
Groth and Paes, meanwhile, were appearing in their first final as a team. Paes was competing in his 90th final (53-37) with an 18th different partner. Groth was bidding for his second ATP World Tour doubles title just two weeks after winning his first, with Chris Guccione at the Claro Open ColombMore Celebrity News
Eric Clapton has pulled out of Friday’s Rock and Roll Hall of Fame concert in New York after undergoing gallstone surgery. The guitarist’s publicist said yesterday that Clapton was doing well and recuperating in England. The hall said Jeff Beck will replace Clapton for the show to be held at Madison Square Garden.
Mistrial apologyA Bahamas lawmaker apologized yesterday for remarks that caused a mistrial in the John Travolta extortion case, but he did not reveal who told him that a defendant had been acquitted before a verdict was announced. Picewell Forbes said his televised assertion that the still-deliberating jury had cleared one of the two defendants, a former Bahamas senator from his party, was “not true.’’ The defendants are accused of plotting to extort $25 million from the movie star following the death of his son, Jett, in January.
Supermodel suedA cosmetics-marketing company is suing Naomi Campbell, accusing the supermodel of cutting longtime associates out of their share of profits from her lucrative fragrance lines. The lawsuit says Campbell violated a contract with Moodform Mission by signing a new agreement, costing the company a portion of the proceeds from such scents as Naomi Campbell, Cat Deluxe, and Seductive Elixir. Campbell denied the claims through a spokesman.
Madonna at orphanageMadonna and her four children yesterday visited the orphanage that kept one of her sons before his 2008 adoption from the impoverished southern African country of Malawi. Home of Hope Child Care Center director Lucy Chipeta said she showed Madonna and her son David his crib during their visit. Siblings Lourdes, Rocco, and Mercy - who was adopted from Malawi this year - joined their mother on the tour. On Monday the pop star broke ground at her charity’s new school for girls.
Post production"Official album date: December 15. Graffiti. Now blog about this. Lol." -- Chris Brown, tweeting about his new album
Essential Guide
Guide to NoSQL databases: How they can help users meet big data needs
A comprehensive collection of articles, videos and more, hand-picked by our editors
MongoDB
MongoDB is an open source database that uses a document-oriented data model.
FROM THE ESSENTIAL GUIDE:
Guide to NoSQL databases: How they can help users meet big data needs
GUIDE SECTIONS
MongoDB is an open source database that uses a document-oriented data model..
Like other NoSQL databases, MongoDB supports dynamic schema design, allowing the documents in a collection to have different fields and structures. The database uses a document storage and data interchange format called BSON, which provides a binary representation of JSON-like documents. Automatic sharding enables data in a collection to be distributed across multiple systems for horizontal scalability as data volumes increase.
MongoDB was created by Dwight Merriman and Eliot Horowitz, who had encountered development and scalability issues with traditional relational database approaches while building Web applications at DoubleClick, an Internet advertising company that is now owned by Google Inc. According to Merriman, the name of the database was derived from the word humongous to represent the idea of supporting large amounts of data. Merriman and Horowitz helped form 10Gen Inc. in 2007 to commercialize MongoDB and related software. The company was renamed MongoDB Inc. in 2013.
The database was released to open source in 2009 and is available under the terms of the Free Software Foundation's GNU AGPL Version 3.0 commercial license. At the time of this writing, among other users, the insurance company MetLife is using MongoDB for customer service applications, the website Craigslist is using it for archiving data, the CERN physics lab is using it for data aggregation and discovery and the The New York Times newspaper is using MongoDB to support a form-building application for photo submissions.
Continue Reading About MongoDB
Glossary
'MongoDB' is part of the:
View All DefinitionsView All Definitions
PRO+
Content
Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here.NOTE: Doug Lemon, President of the USU Research Foundation and H. Scott Hinton, Dean of the USU College of Engineering are scheduled to appear live Feb 23 at 4:00 p.m. on KVNU, (102.1 FM/610 AM). They will be talking about AFCO’s Journey to the Stars concert.
The American Festival Chorus and Orchestra under the direction of Dr. Craig Jessop will present a musical tribute to USU's pioneering accomplishments in space with special guest, the honorable Jake Garn.
The concert is sponsored by the Space Dynamics Laboratory, the USU Research Foundation, the USU College of the Engineering and the Caine College of the Arts.
Since ancient times, people have stretched the boundaries of the known world. Their journeys have prompted them to cross oceans continents, mountain ranges, rivers, and valleys.
Yet the heavens eluded them.
The Greeks named the stars to give them purpose and place – Orion, Ursa Major, Scorpius—to name a few. But space, that vast unexplored domain, remained the last frontier for centuries.
And then, through imagination coupled with science, and technology — we took to the skies.
Join the American Festival Chorus and Orchestra as they blend vivid images of our universe with the sounds of powerful music that includes:
Venue: Kent Concert Hall
tickets
Tickets available above (link
Link to tickets
Recording
Don't think so“Don’t make it personal with me,” Glazer said. “I’ll make it personal with you.”
For starters, Glazer suggested that a score sheet should be kept between his reports and those from ESPN.
“I’ve got no problem going record for record,” Glazer said. “In fact I’d like to do that.”
4 comments:
I recently came across your blog and have been reading along. I think I will leave my first comment. I don’t know what to say except that I have enjoyed reading. Nice blog. I will keep visiting this blog very often.
By :
Fairly great write-up. I simply Digging your website and desired to say that I’ve actually loved studying your blogpost. Any way I’ll be signing up to your feed and I think you’ll publish as soon as extra within the close to future.
blemish treatment
Thanks rather a lot for display slightly beneficial informations. Your web site is great.I'm impressed by the data that you have on this blog. It exhibits how very nicely you understand this subject. Bookmarked this course of web web page, will arrive back once more for lots more. You, my buddy, wonderful! I found just the data I previously seemed for in every single place and simply couldn't come across. What a superb web site. Just like this internet site your website is one in every of my new favorite.I akin to this info proven and it has given me some sort of motivation to have accomplishment for some cause, so preserve up the beneficial work!
head lice treatment
I don't know why networks are doing that kind of thing. News are for everybody and they should cover all of them. Some people on pay per head services are tick off about it too.Carrie Underwood Praises The Creator Of “American Idol”
Even without “American Idol,” Carrie Underwood imagines she might have some sort of music career.
But at yesterday’s Hollywood Walk of Fame star ceremony for the show’s creator, Underwood told the crowd on Hollywood Boulevard, quote, “I know that I would not be anywhere near where I am today” if it weren’t for Simon Fuller.
Underwood says “Fuller is a genius and a visionary. He has forever changed the face of the entertainment world and, along the way, he even made some dreams come true for a lot of people.
Myself included, obviously.” Also at Simon Fuller’s star ceremony: Ryan Seacrest, Kris Allen, David Cook and the entire Top-11 from this season of “Idol.”
Source APBharatiya Janata Party
34 Bharatiya Janata Party Articles
When Ali Zafar refused to talk about BJP protesting his working in Kill Dil…7 months ago 4
BJP has declared a protest against the release of the Ranveer Singh-Parineeti Chopra-Govinda film because it stars the Pakistani actor. They are… Read Article ▶
Kill Dil faces Bharatiya Janata Party’s wrath for featuring Ali Zafar in the film7 months ago 10
The BJP has declared a protest against the release of the Ranveer Singh- Parineeti Chopra- Govinda- Ali Zafar film because it stars the Pakistani… Read Article ▶
_3<<
Harshad Arora: Hope BJP works better than Congress1 year
Narendra Modi supporters in Bollywood: Salman Khan, Rajinikanth, Vivek Oberoi and Kapil Sharma root for BJP!1 year ago 0
Bollywood seems to be divided on the new government in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. Today being the counting day let's take a look at those who sung… Read Article ▶
This time Modi regime, say Indians in Tampa Bay1 year ago 0
"Ab ki baar Modi sarkar (this time, Modi regime)", said the Indians gathered in Tampa Bay to snatch a glimpse of their favourite Bollywood stars and… Read Article ▶
<<
Salman Khan’s father Salim Khan supports Narendra Modi, launches his Urdu website1 year?1 year ago 1
This year's Lok Sabha election campaigns will be the starriest one, with celebrities not just turning candidates for political parties but also…<<
Krushna Abhishek: Narendra Modi should win!1 year ago 0
The Bol Bachchan actor wants Modi to become the next prime minister. Read on to know why Stand-up comedian and actor Krushna Abhishek has his choice… Read Article ▶
Yogen Shah
More Bharatiya Janata Party
This is part of a speech by Karl Stevenson, given at a FOSP public meeting in August, 2009, and contains excerpts from the FOSP Freedom of Information (FOI) request to do with the Strathcona Park Master Plan alteration to allow commercial horse operations in the Bedwell Valley and other areas of the park.
When we first decided to make the Freedom of Information request, there were a number of things we were on the lookout for. Fairly high on the list was anything which could be helpful if we decided to initiate a legal battle against a bad government decision. We were also interested in whether the government or parks staff showed any agenda or bias toward allowing horse use in the Bedwell or other areas of the park. Publicly, they were claiming they had no bias.
For myself, I found it interesting how thinking among parks staff appeared to change, quite markedly, from an initial viewpoint that the Master Plan clearly didn’t allow horse use in the Bedwell, to the idea that the Master Plan wasn’t clear, after all, and that commercial horse use might actually be sanctioned by the plan. A plan that seemed clear in the beginning, soon became “unclear”, and needed to go through an amendment process to achieve “clarity”.
In reading the correspondence, I found two items which might be helpful in explaining this change of mind. One is a reference to a possible “corporate desire” to change the Master Plan to make horse use in the Bedwell allowable, and the other refers to evaluating the horse proposal “in the new era of looking at opportunities for Private/Public Partnerships”. I might be wrong, but in this case I think “corporate desire” can likely be interpreted as “government desire”, and most of us are probably aware of the strong interest of the current government in so-called Private Public Partnerships.
In any case, the first record we have of any mention of the Bedwell horse issue comes approximately 5 years ago, from the minutes of a Strathcona Park Public Advisory Committee(SPPAC) meeting, held on October 28, 2004. At this meeting, Ron Quilter, Parks Section Head for the North Island, was recorded as saying “The issue of horses in the Bedwell has been turned down. It’s a dead issue.” I should say that this quote didn’t come from the FOI material, but it’s a good place to start.
Then, in May, 2006, there’s an e-mail from Chris Kissinger, Strategic Initiatives Manager, Vancouver Island Regional Office, to Ron Quilter- “…we need to determine if the activity is allowable. If it is not, then we need to ask if there is a corporate desire to open the management plan to make the activity allowable. This needs to be done before we allow CWR to spend any $$ on preparing the application.”
On July 13, 2007, there is an e-mail from Ron Quilter, which I think sums things up fairly well, but I’ll just include parts of it here. “The intent of the current management plan is fairly clear that horses are not allowed in this area. ……….We have entertained and evaluated the permit application in the new era of looking at opportunities for Private/Public Partnerships, and that Management Plans are policy documents not legislated so therefore can be changed. ……….We have used the Strathcona Park Management Plan as pretty much a bible in determining allowable and appropriate activities within the park. Applications we have reviewed in the past were looked at via the actions and zoning in the plan and were rejected if not consistent. Ten years ago we probably would have rejected this permit outright due to conflict with the management plan.”
Then, on October 12, 2007, an e-mail from Scott Benton(Executive Director,Parks and Protected Areas Division) to Ken Morrison(Manager Planning and Land Administration) “I do agree that if the plan is silent, then it can be assumed the activity wasn’t contemplated here.”
Also on October 12, an e-mail from Michelle Carr(Manager,Outdoor Sector Development,Tourism Development Branch) “I have reviewed the plan, and in my opinion, I read the text as only allowing horse use in specific areas.”
And on October 18, 2007, an e-mail from Mona Holley(Senior Parks and Protected Areas Planner, Planning and Land Administration Section) “My interpretation of the plan is that horse use is not permitted here.”
Shortly thereafter, on December 14, 2007, a Ministry of Environment Decision Note appears recommending to undertake a focussed Management Plan Amendment Process “to determine if an amendment to the Strathcona Park Master Plan allowing limited use of horses is appropriate. Utilize the outcome of this process to assist in the adjudication of the permit application.”
On January 14, 2008, an e-mail from Ken Morrison to Dick Heath(Regional Manager) and others. “I have signed off the Terms of Reference. An executed copy is attached. As suggested earlier, I recommend that you do not take an approved Terms of Reference to SPPAC. It may be more beneficial to go with a draft Terms of Reference, and provide SPPAC the opportunity to provide input. SPPAC may not feel the opportunity to provide input is real if the Terms of Reference have already been signed off.”
On January 19, 2008, an e-mail from Ron Quilter : “The SPPAC committee is also in full consensus that they do not support the Master Plan Amendment process for horse use in the park…they are united that the current plan does not allow horse use in the Bedwell.”
Same day reply from Dick Heath : “Ouch. Does that infer they won’t recognize the outcome of the amendment process?”
In closing, I’d like you all to ask yourselves something I’ve been asking myself for years now. What’s driving this process? Why wasn’t the permit denied 5 years ago, when it should have been? Why wasn’t it denied when SPPAC said no? Why wasn’t it denied when the public said no, emphatically, around 90%? And finally, why is this costly and senseless process still going on, when the core people involved in the creation of the Master Plan have stated plainly that it was never the intention of the plan to allow horse use in the Bedwell, or in any area not specifically mentioned in the plan.
The Master Plan itself was originally created with years of effort, and extensive input from the public, and its intent for the park has always been very clear – minimal human impact. No matter how the government tries to slice it, commercial horse use is most definitely not minimal human impact.
The government decision to significantly alter the Strathcona Park Master Plan shows a callous and cynical disregard for the hundreds of dedicated people who worked for years to create a plan which has worked so well for so long. That it was changed to cater to the whims of one wealthy resort owner is extremely hard to accept.
Most people seem to understand that wilderness parks are not created to serve commercial interests, but Strathcona has suffered that fate from the beginning. As our oldest provincial park nears the end of its first 100 years of abuse by government and industry, it’s painful to see the trend being continued.Public officials are increasingly refusing to uphold laws they disagree with, from presidential "signing statements" to refusal to defend laws in open open court that they are politically opposed to. This needs to stop. When you assume an office of public trust you don't have the right to decide which laws you will or will not obey. Nor if you are a lawyer on the public payroll, do you have the right to decide what laws you will defend in court. If I were a tax paying citizen of Illinois I would file an ethics complaint with the state bar association alleging failure to zealously defend the interests of their client.
If your conscience will not allow you to defend a law then you should either not have taken the job, or you should do the honorable thing and resign.
Monkmartyr Paul of Lavra of Mt Athos
2 hours ago
3 comments:
Hah...I had just read that article a few moments ago before I read your blog entry here. I left a comment on MSNBC saying almost the exact same thing!
John, you're behind the times. The current legal environment bears little resemblance to the 1950s and earlier when most states' criminal codes contained a handful of basic felonies and a couple dozen misdemeanors. Mens rea always counted, and prosecutors weren't loading the kitchen sink into an indictment just to make sure that something stuck. All sorts of weenie offenses are now felonies with an impact on voting, firearms ownership, and professional standing. I'll never understand why a tax evader can't be my surgeon. Supporters of discretionary enforcement, jury nullification, and at-will secession defend my rights just by opening their mouths.
As to your hypothetical bar complaint, don't get me started on the putrid hired-gun theory to which I was subjected during my law school confinement. Acting according to one's conscience is the sign of a free people. The same society that wants attorneys to act as hired guns told us at Nuremberg that each individual is absolutely morally responsible for his own actions regardless of his position in society.
Based on some conversations I've had with a former state district attorney, I have to agree with Visibilium. What John decries is actually a movement away from a creeping police state. It's not a real solution, but it's better than nothing.Santa Paula man arrested in Simi Valley after stolen vehicle found
Simi Valley police said they arrested a Santa Paula man Tuesday night on suspicion of possessing a stolen vehicle, resisting or delaying arrest by providing false information and outstanding arrest warrants.
Police said a parking enforcement officer was working in the 900 block of Talbert Avenue when he noticed a vehicle parked across the sidewalk, police said.
A man exited a nearby home and offered to move the vehicle, police said.
Police discovered the vehicle had been reported stolen by the Los Angeles Police Department, authorities said.
Police said they arrested the man, identified as Austin Coulter, 22, shortly after 7 p.m. without incident. There had been two felony arrest warrants issued for him, police said.
Need Help? Call us at 1-877-710-6182.
Monday-Friday: 6am-3pm / Saturday: 6:30am-10:30am / Sunday: 7am-11ambakeandbait in Singapore
total posts: 13
Easy Ice Cream Sugar Cookies with a simple step by step decorating guide!
Showstopping crepe cake, alternate layers of tender crepes and hazelnut praline cream - as delicious as it looks!
A simple yet decadent one-bowl red wine chocolate cake with dark chocolate ganache.
A moist, fluffy sponge with chocolate ganache and swiss meringue buttercream frosting laced through with crunchy hazelnut praline.
My take on the classic Shepherd's Pie - delicious comfort food made with minced meat and creamy mashed potatoes that will leave you wanting more!
The Best Chocolate Mudcake - Chocolate Mudcake with Dark Chocolate Ganache
Orange Bundt Cake with Chcocolate Ganache Glaze (Recipe!)
Graduation Cupcakes (Chocolate Cupcakes with Vanilla Buttercream, and Modeling Chocolate toppers)
bakeandbait.blogspot.sg
Six-Layer Dark Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Swiss Meringue Buttercream
bakeandbait.blogspot.sg
Bird, chick or duckling sugar cookies decorated with royal icing (recipe!)
bakeandbait.blogspot.sg
Moist and decadent muffins with a slightly crunchy brown sugar topping, great anytime of the day!
bakeandbait.blogspot.sg
Amazing macarons from Ladurée Paris
bakeandbait.blogspot.sg
Tiramisu Charlotte Recipe - Creamy, delicious mascarpone layers with coffee dipped lady fingers -what a treat!.
Apple Watch Charger on Thingiverse
Using an Adafruit Charger Board, a cut-up magnetic Apple Watch Charger cable and some 3d printing, guypl has created a DIY battery-powered charger for the Apple Watch.
The cool thing about the design is that the 2000mAh battery he used, can be recharged with a standard micro USB cable. As someone who travels often, this setup is ideal for me. One less cable to carry and a self-contained charger for the Apple Watch.I haven't been able to find this sat yet. Who has seen it? What is the actual mag, and what is the Quicksat Intrinsic Mag? -- Join us at Eurosom 2, the Satellite Observers Meeting: Oct.19/20, Belgium -- JRespler@InJersey.com or Jay.Respler@bytewise.org Satellite Tracker * Early Typewriter Collector Freehold, New JerseyDefinition
Proprietary psychographic consumer segmentation system that classifies people into eight basic lifestyle groups on the basis of two dimensions: resources and self-orientation. Resource dimension includes education, income, intelligence, health, energy level, and eagerness to purchase resources that, in general, increase from youth to middle age decline afterwards. Self-orientation is divided into three parts (1) Principle oriented: having set views. (2) Status oriented: influenced by other's thinking. (3) Action oriented: seeks activity, adventure, and variety. The eight basic lifestyle groups are (1) Actualizers, (2) Fulfillers, (3) Believers, (4) Achievers, (5) Strivers, (6) Experiencers, (7) Makers, and (8) Strugglers. VALS-2 was developed by the US consulting firm Stanford Research Institute (SRI) as an improvement on its original VALS (introduced in 1978), a system that divided people into three basic lifestyle groups (Need driven, Outer directed, and Inner directed).
Related VideosBy Luke Phillips
The Holtville City Council decided Monday to continue to prepare a Request for Proposals for waste hauling services in the city, and to do so without the help of an outside consultant.
The city’s contract with Allied Waste expired in April and the city has been scrambling to get a new agreement in place. In February, the council approved the formation of an ad hoc committee to put together an RFP for trash hauling services, consisting of council members Bianca Padilla and Jerry Brittsan, along with city staff members Gerry Peacher, Rosa Ramirez and city manager Laura Fischer.
Fischer says that the idea of looking into hiring a consultant was brought up in an ad hoc committee meeting by council member Brittsan. Fischer says that Brittsan wanted to see the numbers, but didn’t necessarily support hiring the consultant.
“It was just something that we wanted to look at to see if it was worth the money,” Fischer said.
In her report to the council, Fischer estimated the cost of hiring Hilton Farnkopt & Hobson to manage the RFP process at $94,000. The item was included on the council’s agenda Monday, but was ultimately voted down 4-1.
Council member Padilla was the one dissenting vote, continuing her support for re-negotiating exclusively with Allied Waste.
“I have confidence that we could get the very best rates through negotiation,” Padilla said. “Not to say that I don’t think we could get great rates through the bidding process, but I think there are some points that make negotiation favorable. I think it’s easier for us, and I think it saves us some money.”
Council member Brittsan, who originally requested information on hiring a consultant, was outspoken on his opposition to the idea after seeing the numbers.
“I wouldn’t spend a dime for a consultant,” Brittsan said. “The idea of not having the time or skills is puzzling to me, because we have nothing but time, and skills are not developed by hiring consultants.”
Fischer says that while the process of developing the RFP through the ad hoc committee has been slow and a ‘daunting task’, she has confidence that the committee will be able to complete the job.
“We have a good ad hoc committee,” Fischer said, “but the key for me is to really engage the city attorney a little more in the process and go to him with our questions about the contract.”
Fischer says that incorporating new laws and regulations into the contract has slowed the process, a problem that she hopes to solve with more involvement from city attorney Steve Walker.
“My next action will definitely be to engage the city attorney a little more,” she said.
By Luke PhillipsWLA’s weekly review of landscape news and interesting reading…..
National Parks: Shutting Down America’s Best Idea | Kenneth Brower | National Geographic
“The national parks hold the landscapes that formed us as Americans. The long vistas, the possibilities over the horizon, the purple mountains’ majesty, distinguished our experience from that of the Africans, Europeans, Asians, and islanders that we were before we came. The national parks are where we go to renew contact with that experience…. ”
Redesigning New York’s Hidden Public Spaces To Create A More Resilient City | Eric Tan | Fast Co. Exist
“There’s a lot of space in the city that we don’t think about–medians, for instance. But it’s all an opportunity to introduce better urban design that makes the city more beautiful and more responsive to a disaster.”
Landscape Architects Take Centre Stage in Climate Crisis | Kristen Avis | Sourceable
“Landscape architects are integral in climate change mitigation and work with regional and national planning departments to implement strategies and mitigation designs.”
Teresa Galí-Izard: A Woman of Two Minds | Margaret Baldwin | Sustainable Cities Collective
“Teresa Galí-Izard, International ASLA, is a woman of two minds. At the University of Virginia’s School of Architecture, where she just began her first year as chair of the landscape architecture department….”
WVU students study old foundry, brainstorm plans | John McVey | The Journal
“West Virginia University spent the afternoon Thursday touring the old Matthews Foundry and sketching possible redevelopment plans for the historic industrial site on the north end of downtown Martinsburg.”
Interns Resist Working Free | Ella Delany | NY Times
“A backlash against unpaid internships in America, manifested in a spate of lawsuits this year, is now spreading to Europe, where the issue of exploitation hit headlines in August with the death of the German intern Moritz Erhardt…”
Catch more updates by following us on twitter @wlandscapearch
SUBSCRIBE DAILY UPDATES
SUPPORT US
ADVERTISEBenedict’s renunciation and the wolves within the church
Lightning strikes St. Peter’s at 6 p.m. the day of the Pope’s announcement.
BBC video frame:
“Are there facts the Pope has weighed in making this decision that we simply don’t know about, or don’t know fully? … Does the Pope have information about the possible course of events in the months ahead that led him to conclude that he needed to allow a younger, more energetic man to take over his office from him, so that the Church’s highest authority could take action quickly and decisively as events unfold?”.
0.000000 0.000000J »»
The truth shall set you free. »»
Character pieces for The Help debut online »»
The film is marred by dueling stories that are separate, unequal »»
Another trailer for '60s era film debuts »»
Pre-Civil Rights era film gets trailer »»
Eastwood meditates on death »»
Contrary to several reports... »»
Sorry Bay, McG's trailer looks better.
»»I work with geometric abstraction and color contrast (as taught by Josef Albers of the Black Mountain School). I am a published poet, concentrating on minimalist poetry, and I have also had an academic genre study published on the subject. I was born in NYC in 1951 and received a Ph.D in English in 1985.
Jack Galmitz's AutoGallery exhibitGears of War 3 pre-orders break 1m, 1.29m play beta
Microsoft’s confirmed that Gears of War 3 pre-orders have now hit 1 million worldwide, making it the fastest pre-ordered title in Xbox 360 history.
The company also confirmed that 1.29 million users from 145 countries took part in the recent multiplayer beta for the game, which concluded on Sunday, with 11 million matches played throughout the taster. That’s at least over 249 years worth of matches.
Epic design boss Cliff Bleszinski called it “an overwhelming success.”
“We can’t thank the fans enough,” he.”
Here’s some more stats from the beta:
- More than 927 kills recorded, 23 million of which were chainsaw kills.
- 131 million executions carried out
- 23 billion bullets were fired during the beta
- 460 million ribbons and 294 million medals were earned
- 435,000 people gained use to the Cole thrashball skin and 234,000 people were able to get hold of the Gold Retro Lancer, both of which are usable in the full game’s multiplayer.
Gears of War launches on September 20 worldwide for Xbox 360.Significant birthdays often bring together old acquaintances who have fallen out down the years. So here, tripping up the red carpet to the site of football's birth 150 years ago at the Grand Connaught Rooms, was Fabio Capello.
The last time the former England manager came face to face with the Football Association's chairman, David Bernstein, was when he was being told to resign after refusing to strip John Terry of the captaincy. Some of the money saved on Capello's contract appeared to have been spent on this lavish, made-for-television event.
And up there on the big screen was Sepp Blatter, who once told Lord Coe that English football was "run by idiots" and warned his Fifa colleagues about the "evils" of the British media, paying verbose homage to its place as the creator of the "beautiful game". His tribute was accompanied by pictures of the Fifa president embracing Bernstein at St George's Park, the new £100m national football centre.
There was no room for rancour here as football's often dysfunctional family gathered to hang out the bunting.
However, not enough water had passed under the bridge for everybody.
Although there were five England managers in attendance, Steve McClaren, Kevin Keegan and Glenn Hoddle had made their excuses.
The incumbent, Roy Hodgson, was called to the stage to strike the requisite note of false hope that has echoed down the decades: "The first thing we have to do, of course, is qualify for the tournament. Then, when we qualify, it will be important that we give a very good account of ourselves at the World Cup in Brazil and, who knows, once you are there you have a chance of winning it." The general secretary, Alex Horne, said the FA wanted "more, better English players". Don't we all?
Both on stage and on screen, a string of big names from home and abroad were offered up to pay homage to the birthplace of association football. Arsène Wenger said that its place as the home of the game was too rarely acknowledged: "Football is my love affair and England created football. It's a good opportunity to thank England for that. I feel that football in the world forgets that."
The event had kicked off with a romp through England's footballing history in 150 seconds, ably narrated by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, featuring a succession of mis-steps and heartaches (the failure to send a team to the first World Cup, a series of penalty shootout defeats) alongside the rare triumphs.
José Mourinho (sending his message from what looked like a Bond villain's underground lair) and Pep Guardiola talked of the passion and excitement of the English game. The latter said that he would like to coach in England one day, forgetting to add that he planned to head to Germany first.
The FA's aim was to use the starry event – which also featured the 1966 heroes Sir Bobby Charlton, George Cohen and Martin Peters plus obligatory contributions from Prince William and David Beckham – to highlight its wider work.
Those present were left in no doubt as to the "key messages": the FA is not for profit, distributes £100m a year and acts as the glue that holds together seven million players, 27,000 referees, 300,000 coaches and 400,000 volunteers at all levels of the game, from Hackney Marshes where Beckham first played for Ridgeway Rovers to the Wembley turf that will host the 2013 Champions League final.
The FA's commitment to women's football and disabled football was highlighted by the presence of Faye White and Dave Clarke. A National Football Day will support the Sir Bobby Robson Foundation and a long overdue attempt will be made to shine a spotlight on the FA's role at the grass roots.
"What I hope to get from today is a real perception in the wider football world what the FA does, what the FA really is," said Bernstein. "I don't think the FA has had a fair deal.
"There is such an emphasis on the high-profile issues – disciplinary things and so on. Today you have heard from so many people of the great work the FA does, the grass-roots work it does. It is a fantastic organisation."
The point of this sugary sweet, extremely slick 80-minute love-in was to underline the FA's position at the heart of the game. And, given the kicking it normally gets from all sides (not always deserved), it is probably entitled to it. The rest of us had better get used to it – there are 10 long months until the anniversary itself, marking the first meeting to codify the laws of the game.
By then Bernstein will have departed Wembley having been forced out by his own council. It is hard to know what Ebenezer Cobb Morley, the FA's first secretary, would have made of it all – the telephone-number salaries of the players might have been alien but there is much about the modern FA that he would recognise. After all, that first meeting was also infused with passionate argument and marked by violent disagreement over the future direction of the game.Anything.com -- Search and Learn about Anything
Click on any of the links below or type in the search bar below!
Car Insurance Quotes
Low Interest Credit Cards
Stocks To Buy
Mortgage Refinancing
Interest Rates
Personal Injury Lawyers
House Cleaning
Internet Small Business
Vacation Ideas
Real Estate
Apartment for Rent
Personals
Looking for something else? Search for anything here:
©2015 Marketing.com
Disclaimer: Domain owner maintains no relationship with third party advertisers. Reference to any specific service or trademark is not controlled by domain owner and does not constitute or imply its association, endorsement or recommendation. AM
15 replies to this topic
0 user(s) are reading this topic
0 members, 0 guests, 0 anonymous users
Help support Ballet Alert! and Ballet Talk for Dancers year round by using this search box for your amazon.com purchases (adblockers may block display):The Jack Blood Show – February 29 2012
Wednesday – Rise Up and Shine with Jack Blood. Get the latest news and analysis you won’t find anywhere else. Jack Plays clips from Ron Paul’s Speech VA yesterday, and David Icke on his meeting with Jesse Ventura.
US Will Build Naval Base in Dominican Republic
Christopher Looft
insightcrime.org
Earlier this month, the Dominican government announced that the US military’s Southern Command (SOUTHCOM) would contribute $1.5 million to the construction of a naval base and dock on the eastern island of Saona. The funds will come from the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative, a multi-million dollar US State Department security aid fund established in 2009.
Vice Admiral Nicolas Cabrera Arias (pictured).
DEA arrests 34 of ‘El Chapo’ Guzman’s Colombian cocaine suppliers
Is El Chapo out of the game now?
Latin American Herald Tribune
BOGOTA –.
Mexican opposition asks Calderon, Napolitano not to stage ‘media stunt’ capture of drug lord
María Teresa Peña Pérez
Translated by Mario Andrade
DeadlineLive.info
Legislator Alejandro Encinas urged the (Mexican) government not to carry out a media stunt if the whereabouts of Joaquin ‘El Chapo’ Guzman are known, as it would be an irresponsible and illegal act.
On Tuesday, Alejandro Encinas (congressman for the Democratic Revolutionary Party or PRD) expressed the need for the U.S. government to help in the capture of Joaquin ‘El Chapo’ Guzman in a more active manner rather than just issuing public statements.
He said that much of the money from drug trafficking, particularly of the Sinaloa cartel, led by Guzman Loera, is laundered in the U.S., and later pointed out that there’s information indicating that El Chapo is able to freely cross the border between two countries without any problems.
Likewise, he stressed that if the Mexican government has information on the whereabouts of this criminal, it would be irresponsible to wait for the election season in order to carry out a media stunt. It would also be an illegal act.
“I think if one can keep track of all their announcements that have been made about how they’re hitting the Chapo Guzman cartel, one can see a pattern that is leading to a media stunt. That would be a huge irresponsibility in which the federal government would engage in a crime by manipulating the judicial process,” he said.
Meanwhile, Carlos Alberto Perez Cuevas, coordinator of the National Action Party (PAN) in congress, said that there will be no direct interference by U.S. agents inside the country during the arrest of the infamous drug dealer, because the Constitution prevents the intervention of foreign forces inside Mexico.
“The Constitution is very clear: Avoid the interference of foreign nations. And today, the Constitution does not allow foreign forces to participate in the investigation of this case inside Mexican territory,” he stated.
Regarding the recent statement by Janet Napolitano, Secretary of Homeland Security in the United States about the capture of Joaquin Guzman, the coordinator of the PRD, Armando Rios Piter, criticized the interior minister, Alejandro Poire, for not immediately addressing her comments during yesterday’s interview (when she implied that Guzman was going to face the same fate as Osama Bin Laden).
“It’s reason enough to not only call this to his attention, but to make the Secretary of Interior accountable, as well as all the authorities who have been engaged in this behavior, including the Foreign Relations Secretary,” he said.
Ron Paul campaign Speech in Springfield, Virginia (Thousands Cheer and sing Happy Birthday to Carol Paul)
February 29, 2012 by Jack Blood
Filed under Americas
RESTORE THE REPUBLIC!
Fed Head Bernanke on Ron Paul Hot Seat! Watch Live Today
February 29, 2012 by Jack Blood
Filed under Economy
On Wednesday, February 29th, Ron Paul will grill Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke, who appears before the House Financial Services Committee. Paul chairs the Subcommittee on Domestic Monetary Policy.
Here’s a great photo of Bernanke anticipating another encounter with Ron Paul:
It’s scheduled to begin 10:00am and go until 12:00 noon. EST
It’s scheduled to run on CSPAN3. It’ll be online at…
Here’s CSPAN’s schedule (scroll down for the listing on the right side):…
Here’s the link to the official page for the Financial Services Committee:….
Iran to accept trade payment in gold: Report.
Conservative scripts misdirected voters in 2011 Canadian election, say call centre staff
OTTAWA—Callers on behalf of the federal Conservative Party were instructed in the days before last year’s election to read scripts telling voters that Elections Canada had changed their voting locations, say telephone operators who worked for a Thunder Bay-based call centre.
These weren’t “robo-calls,” as automated pre-recorded voice messages as commonly known. They were live real-time calls made into ridings across Canada, the callers say.
In a new twist on new growing allegations of political “dirty tricks,” three former employees of RMG — Responsive Marketing Group Inc.’s call centre in Thunder Bay — told the Star about the scripts.
A fourth remembered directing people to voting stations but did not remember passing on any message that a voting station had changed..
Interpol
Report: Widow of London bombings suicide attacker sought in Kenya plot.Car Seen ‘Hanging Precariously’ Off 4th Floor Of Westlake Parking Structure
June 18, 2014 11:42 AM
Top Features
WESTLAKE (CBSLA.com) — Fire crews Wednesday responded to reports of a car hanging over the side of a parking structure in Westlake, authorities said.
The vehicle was reported to be “hanging precariously” off the fourth floor on the west side of a parking structure at St. Vincent Medical Center at 201 S. Alvarado Street, according to Los Angeles Fire Department spokesperson Brian Humphrey.
The front end of the car was seen protruding out of the garage in a photo posted to the LAPD’s Twitter account.
Driver Ok after car almost falls off 4th floor of St Vincent Medical Center.—
LAPD Rampart (@LAPDRampart) June 18, 2014
One occupant was rescued from vehicle, Humphrey said. No injuries were reported.Raising Heck
Heaven-and-Hell expert Miriam Van Scott on the ups and downs of 'End of Days'
Writer David Templeton takes interesting people to interesting movies in his ongoing quest for the ultimate post-film conversation. This is not a review; rather, it's a freewheeling, tangential discussion of life, alternative ideas, and popular culture.
"I'M BACK from Hell, " laughs author Miriam Van Scott, grabbing her notes and heading for a quiet corner of her home in Manassas, Va. The "hell" from which she's so recently returned was in the form of a new film: End of Days, starring a surprisingly seedy-looking Arnold Schwarzenegger as a suicidal, alcoholic ex-cop duking it out with the Devil (nicely played by Gabriel Byrne) in New York City on New Year's Eve.
The plot involves an unwitting 20-year-old woman marked from birth as the future mother of Satan's baby, the conception of which must take place between 11 p.m. and midnight, Eastern Standard Time, on the edge of the year 2000, an event that will somehow bring about the end of life on Earth. It's all ludicrous, to say the least, and gory--see Arnold spraying bullets at an army of devil worshippers! see Arnold crucified to the side of a church! see Lucifer ram a crucifix into a priest's forehead!--to the point of being offensive. It is, in other words, a bad film.
At least, that's my opinion.
"I didn't think it was as bad as everyone said it was," Van Scott confesses. "And believe me, I've watched so many really, really, really bad Devil movies. I can say that this was far from the worst of them."
Well, if not exactly the highest of praise, it's certainly authoritative. Miriam Van Scott knows her Devil movies.
As the author of the informative and oddly charming Encyclopedia of Hell (Thomas Dunne Books; $16.95) and the just-released Encyclopedia of Heaven (St. Martin's Press; $25.95), Van Scott has--in the interest of research, of course--viewed enough movies about Heaven and Hell to last most of us for an eternity. Scholarly and richly entertaining, the encyclopedias are nicely crammed with nifty netherworld info, pulling examples from the worlds of literature, music, theater, art, and film, and from numerous cultures and religions. Imaginatively compiled, each volume contains references to everything from the Hell's Angels, heavy-metal music, Faust, and the exact acreage of Hell itself to angels, saints, collectible Heaven plates, and of course, the legendary Pearly Gates.
There are also scads of references to plays and films, with mentions of Heaven Can Wait, Ghost, Hellraiser, Our Town, Don Giovanni, and even Monty Python's the Meaning of Life .
It seems certain that End of Days will one day end up with a mention of future editions of the Encyclopedia of Hell, if only for its imaginative uses of standard religious icons.
"Though if you didn't already know an awful lot about Christian iconography, you would have missed a lot of those references," Van Scott remarks. "They kept flashing the omega symbol--the last letter in the Greek alphabet--but never explained what it was. When Arnold goes into the church at the end, there's this big statue of St. Michael, who, of course, in the Bible is the one who drove the rebel angels into Hell--but they never tell you it's St. Michael."
Or why the Devil might be a little bit pissed off at that particular icon.
Speaking of which, "There's nothing in your encyclopedia about demonic combustible urine, is there?" I ask, referencing the whimsical moment when Gabriel Byrne relieves himself in the street, then lights a match to the voluminous puddle, thereby blowing up a bevy of interfering police cars.
"That was a first," she laughs. "Even in New York."
It certainly gives new meaning the phrase "Lake of Fire."
Van Scott, who admits to a fondness for "strange, creepy things," points out that Hell--metaphorically hinted at in the movie by numerous scenes in underground lairs and eerie subway tunnels--is a universally accepted concept, showing up in different forms, in most of the world's religions.
"The Chinese Buddhists believe in a place of suffering," she says. "Even religions that teach reincarnation hold the idea of a place where you go and are tormented and punished before being reincarnated. It's most familiar, obviously, in Judeo-Christian beliefs. In Christianity, it's central. It's in all the literature.
"But strangely, in a lot of the world's religions, the idea of what happens to souls in the afterlife is really almost an afterthought. It's like, 'Oh, and then when you die this other stuff happens. . . .' It's not the main event.
"But in Christianity," she adds, "Heaven and Hell are really the basis of the religion."
"So then," I am compelled to ask, "as the author books about Heaven and Hell, which place is your favorite?"
"Hell was more interesting to write about, that's for sure," she says. "Hell is sensual, and fascinating, and packed with forbiddenness. Heaven is fun too, but it's so . . . I don't know. In movies, there's always something annoying about Heaven. I've seen dozens of Heaven movies, but I can't think of one that made it look really appealing, like something that I'd actually like to do for millions of years.
"Let's just put it this way," Van Scott concludes. "Not that I ever want to actually go to Hell or anything, but to me, between Heaven and Hell, Hell would definitely make the better ride at Disneyland. Know what I mean?"
From the December 9-15, 1999 issue of the Sonoma County Independent.
© Metro Publishing Inc.Archives
ASP.NET 2.0 Profile Feature
K..
Making a List, Checking it Twice (Cool Ajax Sample App with ASP.NET 2.0 and Atlas)
In case you haven’t.
ASP.NET 2.0 Control Adapter Architecture
November 2006 Update: I've posted two detailed tutorial walkthroughs that discuss the ASP.NET CSS Control Adapters and how to use them in much more detail. You can check them out here and here. I'd also recommend checking out my ASP.NET Tips, Tricks and Tutorials page for more good tutorials to read.).
How to Solve Beta Install Related Package Load Failures with VS 2005
Right after VS 2005 shipped, a lot of people ran into "Package Load Errors" when trying to install and run the final release of the product. These are often the result of having some left-over VS 2005 Beta or CTP bits that weren't uninstalled completely on the same machine.):
How To Share Authentication Cookies across ASP.NET V1.1 and ASP.NET V2.0 Applications
ASP.NET V1.0 introduced a powerful forms-authentication model that provides the infrastructure plumbing necessary to issue authentication tickets to incoming browsers as http cookies, and then automatically decrypt them on each request so that you can identify who the incoming browser user is. your own Data Source Controls in ASP.NET 2.0
ASP.NET 2.0 introduces a powerful new declarative data-source model. Among other things, it makes doing data access much easier in a stateless-web world -- and eliminates many of the hurdles developers have to jump through today to handle repeated data UI operations on the server. Included in the box is the new ObjectDataSource control, which you can use to databind to any .NET class -- no special databinding interfaces are required, and it enables pretty easy three-tier databinding scenarios..HIS Radeon HD 6850 1GB Video Card in Crossfire - Benchmarks - Far Cry 2<<
Already we had good numbers from the HD 6850 which managed to give us playable numbers at all resolutions. In Crossfire we're able to almost double those numbers and performance between the GTX 460 OC SLI and HD 6850 CF setup is very close. The latter setup would pull the overall win as it only falls behind once and that's by only a singleEvent Details for…
NJ Miles With Mom 5k Run/Walk and Fun Run
Saturday, May 3, 2014 - Presented by Mother's Center of Central New Jersey
ONE MILE RUN
The One Mile race begins at 9:00am.
The race will be chip timed, please follow the directions for wearing these bibs found here
5k RUN/WALK
5K race begins at 9:30am. Walkers will follow behind the runners. Strollers welcome!
The race will be chip timed, please follow the directions for wearing these bibs found here
KIDS FUN RUN
The Fun Run is for children ages up to 9 yrs. Children 9 and under who are registered for the 5K or 1 Mile Run/Walk can participate in the Fun Run at no extra charge.
The Fun Run will begin at approximately 10:30am.
5K or 1 Mile
$20 - Adult/Teen
AWARDS
Top Male Overall
Top Female Overall
Top Child (12 and under)
Top Stroller Finisher
Top MCCNJ Member/Alumni
Participation award for all registered participants of the Fun Run.
T-SHIRTS
T-Shirts will be provided to all participants who pre-register by April 3rd. T-Shirts will be available during packet pickup while supplies last!
RUN/WALK PACKET PICKUP
Packet pickup will be hosted at Westfield Running Company on May 1st and 2nd for your convience of picking up your numbers and shirts. 10am - 7pm each day.
Day of pickup and registration will be from 7:45am to 8:45am, We encourage you to pick up early and take advantage of deals at the Westfield Running Company.
RAFFLE
After the 5K stay around for a raffle with amazing prizes. All participants will be entered with the option to buy additional tickets.
Map of Event LocationGet Directions
If you have questions about this event, contact us at:
mccnj@westfieldnj.com
or (908) 561-1751
Enter your email address below to confirm your registration.The
Commonwealth is an association
of 54 independent countries and
their people. Her Majesty Queen
Elizabeth II is the Head of the
Commonwealth. The Commonwealth
has no charter but as an
informal grouping. It enables
countries in different regions
of the world, consisting of
different races and representing
a number of interests, to
exchange opinions in a friendly
and intimate atmosphere. Amongst
others, its aims are to promote
international peace and order,
equal right for all citizens and
help to achieve a fairer global
society.
The Heads of Government in 1965
established the Commonwealth
Secretariat and it works under
the direction of Commonwealth
governments. The Secretariat,
which is headed by the Secretary
General, co-ordinates the work
of the association organises
intergovernmental consultations,
services Commonwealth meetings
and committees conduct
programmes of co-operation and
disseminates information.
Brunei Darussalam's role in
Commonwealth
With Brunei Darussalam's
traditional ties with Great
Britain; it became the 49th
member of the Commonwealth
immediately on the day of its
independence on 1st January
1984. The Commonwealth has
provided Brunei Darussalam
opportunities to pursue and
promote its foreign policy
objectives in a multilateral
forum. His Majesty the Sultan
and Yang Di-Pertuan of Brunei
Darussalam, in his speech during
the 1999 Durban Commonwealth
Heads of Government Meeting,
among others stated that no
country was untouched by the
forces of globalisation and
Brunei Darussalam was no
exception. The question was not
how we could be protected from
globalisation but rather how we
could maximize its benefits and
minimize its cost. His Majesty
also stated that the
Commonwealth has already made
mechanism in the form of the
Commonwealth Fund for Technical
Cooperation (CFTC) and we
strongly supported the fund and
its activities.
Since joining the Commonwealth,
Brunei Darussalam attended every
Commonwealth Heads of Government
Meeting (CHOGM) respectively
held in Nassau in 1985,
Vancouver in 1987, Kuala Lumpur
in 1989, Harare in 1991,
Limmasol in 1993, Auckland in
1995, and Edinburgh in 1997 in
Durban, South Africa in 1999 and
Coolum, Australia 2 - 5 March
2002. These meetings have
provided a useful platform not
only in discussing international
issues but also in promoting
bilateral relations. Our
relevant Ministers have also
attended the Commonwealth
meetings in areas of education,
finance, health, law, women and
youth. Brunei Darussalam
participated in the Commonwealth
Games for the first time in New
Zealand in February 1989
followed by the Commonwealth
Games in Canada in August 1994
and in Kuala Lumpur in 1998.
Brunei Darussalam has gained
benefits from assistance and
training provided by the
Commonwealth in the areas of
trade, industries and human
resources development. Most of
the activities are conducted
through the Commonwealth Fund
for Technical Cooperation (CFTC).
It has also benefited from other
activities organised by the
Commonwealth Science Council (CSC),
Commonwealth of Learning (COL),
Commonwealth Youth Programme (CYP),
Commonwealth Foundation, Women
and Development Programmes.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs & Trade, Brunei Darussalam. All
rights reserved.News » International » Australia turns to London Olympics delivery model for $5bn highway » published 30 Jul 2014
Australia turns to London Olympics delivery model for $5bn highway
The Australian and New South Wales governments have begun the tender process for the final section of the AU$5.64bn (£3bn) Pacific Highway duplication.
National and international construction industry companies have been invited to a briefing next week on the Woolgoolga to Ballina upgrade. Deputy prime minister Warren Truss said that delivery of the project will be based on the model used to build infrastructure for the London Olympics. Next week’s briefing will detail how the partner contract model is structured, how it will operate and how construction companies can get involved, he said.
“The upgrade will be built using an industry partner contract model to harness the best ideas and solutions from the private sector and draw on knowledge from within government,” said New South Wales minister for roads and freight, Duncan Gay.
The 155km Woolgoolga to Ballina upgrade has already received planning approval by the New South Wales government and is currently being considered by the Australian government Department of the Environment.
“Current practice would be to deliver the Woolgoolga to Ballina upgrade as four or five separate packages using design and build or build only contracts,” said Gay. “Under this new model, a major provider with design, building and management expertise will be engaged to oversee the project in collaboration with Roads &,” said Gay said. “It is important construction industry leaders work with the Australian and NSW governments to deliver this key upgrade while mitigating the impact to the koala population.”
This upgrade is expected to employ about 2,500 people directly and provide for another 6,500 indirect jobs in the broader community.
Industry partners can register their interest or attendance at the briefings by close of business Monday 4 August, by visiting (link opens in new 2014 (last updated on 30 Jul 2014).The Naming of Genes
Kakapo, Cleopatra and Pavarotti are cryptic names for genes; the clue to what they do lies in their names. Sue Broom cracks the code in this subtle game of scientific one upmanship.
Chardonay, Hedgehog and Cheap Dates all have one thing in common. They are all names for genes, specifically of fruit fly or drosophilia genes. The trick is you have to guess what it is, so for example Amontillado is a allusion to the Edgar Allan Poe book where the hero is walled in alive; the gene amontillado refers to mutant larvae who can't hatch..
More seriously, worm, mice and human geneticists think they should tone down their gene names. Its not appropriate they say to call a gene a Sonic Hedegehog.
But Kathy and her colleagues are resisting; it is part of their tradition, they say. A witty, whimsical or colloquial name can get a scientist lot of attention in the scientific community.
Sue Broom looks at some of the more famous examples and charts the resistance to turning Van Gogh into a chain of numbers and letters.A new video is making the rounds on You Tube. And elsewhere, probably. It is of the Boston Celtics, apparently at an early October practice, getting their freak on in Halloween masks to the tune of Waka Flocka Flame’s “Hard in the Paint.”
KG, in uniform, channels his inner Michael Jackson, while a bunch of the other big men get all up in yo grill with their own dance moves. You gotta check this out and make it go viral:
Don’t read too much into it like some paranoid rule-maker who thinks the world is about to end. It’s a hilarious video of some guys having fun in the locker room. Where else will you see millionaires doing something like that? Nowhere. No harm, no foul, unless you make some dumb edict like David Stern.
The Celtics are known for cool stuff now. Remember hearing how they watch “Family Guy” before games? Or when Shaq wanted to become Gilbert Arenas? Or the Shaqtue? Or Blackie Bulger? Or Shaquita? It’s some harmless fun in an energetic business, no different than how Shakespeare used clowns to break up the drama. And the Celtics’ version has cool moves to boot.
Can you imagine if Brian Scalabrine was still in Boston and tried dancing like that? Isn’t it hilarious to watch goofy white guys like that act street?
Tags: Celtics, Kevin Garnett, You Tube
Just random as all hellThis my Titanium Carabiner project V.3 . This is a major revised version of my previous designs. The main differences is the added bottleopener and prybar/screwdriver
CNC milled in my shop from .200’‘ thick titanium 6Al4V. Measures approx 3 1/2’‘ x 1 1/2’‘. Spring custom made from stainless steel. Weight is approx 1.3 oz. These have been beadblasted, anodized and stonewashed. AVAILABLE IN THE FOLLOWING COLORS: GREY, BLUE,GREEN, BRONZE AND GOLDA UKRAINIAN MILITARY official has said that Russia had given its forces an ultimatum to surrender in Crimea or face an all-out assault on the strategic Black Sea peninsula that has been overrun by Kremlin-backed troops.
However, the Russian Black Sea fleet based in Crimea denied the plans, calling reports of an ultimatum “nonsense,” Interfax said.
“That is complete nonsense,” a representative of the fleet was quoted as saying.
“We are used to daily accusations about using force against our Ukrainian colleagues,” he said.
“Clash”
“Efforts to make us clash won’t work.”
“The ultimatum is to recognise the new Crimean authorities, lay down our weapons and leave, or be ready for an assault,” regional Ukrainian defence ministry spokesman Vladyslav Seleznyov told AFP in the Crimean capital Simferopol.
“It may be at 1:00 am, 2:00 am, 3:00 am (Tuesday). There are different times,” he said.
Ukraine has accused Russia of pouring more troops into Crimea as world leaders grappled with Europe’s worst standoff since the Cold War.
A pro-Russian soldier involved in blockading the Ukrainian naval base in the village of Novoozerne, some 91 km west of Crimean capital Simferopol. (Image Credit: Ivan Sekretarev/AP/Press Association Images) on Monday over fears of a conflict while the price of oil surged.
The Moscow market alone at one stage lost 13 percent on a Black Monday of trading that saw the ruble hit historic lows.
World leaders were holding a series of urgent meetings and telephone conversations to try to avert a conflict and also to help Ukraine avert a possible catastrophic debt default.
Trader Michael Zicchinolfi, left, working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange this morning. (Image Credit: Richard Drew/AP/Press Association Images)
The UN Security Council also agreed to hold the latest in a series of emergency meetings on standoff at 2030 GMT at Russia’s request.
The European Union, seeking to overcome differences on how to respond to the escalating crisis on its eastern edge, warned Russia that its ties with the 28-member bloc were at risk without a “de-escalation”.
Heavyweights
Hawkish ex-Soviet satellites are pushing hard for sanctions but others, including heavyweights France and Germany, called for soft diplomacy.
British Foreign Secretary William Hague warned Russia of “consequences and costs” as he met Ukraine’s Western-backed but untested interim leaders in Kiev.
Moscow
The world’s richest nations have already threatened to strip Moscow of its coveted seat at the Group of Eight for menacing its ex-Soviet neighbour.
But Europe and Washington appear to have limited options in dealing with Russian President Vladimir war in Syria rages and talks on Iran’s nuclear drive enter their most sensitive stage.
“Consequences and costs”
.
Early this morning: Russian troops and planes flow into Crimea as EU says sanctions are on the table >
‘Violation of sovereignty’: G7 leaders condemn Russian troop build-up >Slivered or sliced almonds make a good alternative to the pecans.
What to do with leftover sweetened condensed milk? Try drizzling over baked apples 15 minutes before they’re done for a sweet and shiny finish!
Serve torte with an easy fudge sauce. In small microwavable bowl, microwave 1/3 cup sweetened condensed milk and 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips uncovered on Medium (50%) about 1 minute or until chocolate can be stirred smooth. Stir in 2 tablespoons whipping cream.Lemon Twist Bars
10 Jun 2009.
Ingredients
Directions
(This recipe performs satisfactorily only with Pillsbury frosting mix.) Preheat oven to 350Â° F (325Â° F for glass).
(To measure frosting mix and flour, lightly spoon into measuring cup; level off.) In medium bowl, combine 1 cup frosting mix and 1 1/2 cups flour.
Cut in butter to form fine crumbs.
Press crumb mixture into ungreased 13x9 inch pan.
Bake 17 to 20 minutes until light golden brown.
Cool slightly.
In large bowl, beat eggs; blend in remaining ingredients until smooth.
Pour over crust.
Bake 20 to 25 minutes until thin crust forms on top.
If desired, sprinkle with powdered sugar.
Cool; cut into bars.
Lemon Twist Bars RecipeThe writer of the Lead Letter “A War for America” perhaps failed to read the Times-Union verse for the day, taken from Isaiah 32:8:
“But a generous man devises generous things and by generosity he shall stand.”
No president has tried harder to follow this advice than President Barack Obama. He has fought diligently to extend unemployment benefits, raise the minimum wage, strengthen Medicare and Medicaid and provide universal access to health care.
I do not agree with the writer of the column that Obama’s policies indicate a veer to the left or a curtailing of freedoms. His administration has supplemented and modernized the freedoms and privileges implicit in our Constitution in the following ways:
■ Despite the Founders’ apparent belief that “all men are created equal,” only male landowners were permitted to participate in the election process. By contrast, our present administration, utilizing all available legal tools, surpasses the democracy of the Founding Fathers, attempting to protect the freedom of all adult citizens, except for felons presently incarcerated, to participate in elections.
■ The Founders did not mention health care, which today can more than double the average human life span. The concept of government guarantees of universal health care was not always considered far to the left. Two Republican presidents, Theodore Roosevelt and Richard Nixon, attempted unsuccessfully to establish universal access to health care, believing this to be a moral obligation and a right.
■ Our Founders believed in the right of citizens to bear arms. However, perhaps today they would acknowledge that the aforementioned right should not include possession by the general populace of advanced weapons of war.
Would not our Founders have desired that the inhabitants of ghettos in our large cities be provided as much freedom from fear of gun violence as possible?
Yes, liberals believe in freedom, just not the freedom from government to which the writer alludes.
Rather liberals desire the freedoms and privileges that “We the People” can provide.
Mary Lou Wesley Krosnick, Jacksonville
please read our user agreement and privacy policy before posting
And the world's largest scoreboard!
At least for now.
Max, RE: The Khan Lane, if that were the case, all the directional signs would include directions to Everbank Field.
Maybe instead of an express carpool lane, we should have an express lane for those that actually paid for the road.
We'll call it the Khan Lane.
No Connie it refers to dramatically rising premiums for people who pay for insurance to either cover increased Medicaid enrollment or to subsidize those who can't pay for their own insurance.
Health care has joined a whole host of other "rights" that everyone in this country seems to have but only a few pay for.
So on top of the 70% of federal taxes paid by the top 10 % they now pay more in health insurance too to give everyone another "right".
Any "Gee, thanks for that!"
Nope they are all a...holes, aren't they.
It constantly amazes me how the "rich" which means anyone that pays their own way are demonized by the left but actually deserve everyone's thanks for subsidizing or supporting half of the country.
Not only by federal, state and municipal taxes but by rising insurance premiums by luxury taxes, inheritance taxes, sales taxes.
Let's hang 'em all!
The Solyndra deal among countless others was very generous and sweet for some select people wasn't it?The Best Car and Travel Navigation System: Your Tablet
Tablet App Recommendations
Before the advent of auto GPS systems and map apps for smartphones, I got lost very, very often. It's not that I don't know how to read a map, it's just that it's really tricky to find where you are when there are no street signs, or when the map you have is in English, but the signage is not. Because I value these map apps so highly, I've ditched automotive built-in navigation system for my tablet to navigate wherever I go...
There are benefits to opting for tablet map app navigation; the screens are usually larger, and I've often found that when comparing the map data with the car navigation systems, the tablet maps apps were more up to date!
iPad
MotionX GPS Drive HD: When it comes to GPS navigation apps on the iPad, this is one of the most popular and well reviewed by far. It's well loved due to its easy to read directions and clean interface with large buttons that make it a snap to control while at a stoplight (because we know you'd never fiddle with your tablet while driving). One note: while the app itself is only $2.99, to get voice navigation requires a subscription. $2.99
TeleNav GPS Plus: Want an inexpensive app that offers turn by turn directions with a voice option? While the maps might not be the most up to date, chances are they are still a bit better than ones that are several years old that come with a rental car. Note that this app only works on iPads that have GPS. Free, $.99
NAVIGON North America: Kind of the big kid on the block, Navigon apps are all about transforming your tablet into a fully functional mobile navigation system. While the app does work across iOS devices, for the true navigation you are going to need a device with GPS (just as with any GPS app). Of course several destinations are available from Navigon, and North America is only one example. $59.99
Android
Maps/ Navigation: It would be foolish not to include the default map and navigation app from Google, Maps/Navigation, since it's pretty amazing in Jelly Bean. We love how easy it is to download offline maps and are impressed by how well it manages to find where you are on the map despite not having any cellular signal. Colour us impressed, Google, well done, that. Free
MapQuest: Remember back in the day when you would need directions and would go online to MapQuest? Well, now you can have all your MapQuest fun with this app, which features turn-by-turn navigation and spoken directions. Free
Locus Pro: While not nearly as intuitive as Google Maps, Locus does a lot. The power of this app is really in using the various add-ons like Augmented Reality. Of course the app also does turn-by-turn navigation, although like with any app that wants GPS, you need GPS in your device to really get the full impact. Free, $7.84
What tablet apps do you use to navigate?
(Lead Image: Flickr member Karl Baron licensed for use under Creative Commons, all others as credited above) any of you owned by Ocicats already know, we are very loyal to our humans, following them around the house and conversing regularly with them. One thing we hate is being left alone, and being very smart like all Ocis, I sensed yesterday that they were getting ready to leave me alone. Something about getting mommy's hair done. Once I figured out what was happening, I started really complaining to daddy about this, and at first he wondered if I was trying to tell him that there was something wrong with me. When he figured it out, he closed the bedroom door, something about keeping me inside so I would not trigger the motion sensor in the living room when they turned on the security system, whatever that is. They left me imprisoned in their tiny bedroom (well, OK, counting the bath and closet it is over 600 square feet, and filled with kitty toys like my big tree, my tunnel, and lots of fuzzy mice), while daddy took mommy to her appointment. Daddy came home a bit later, and took pity on me and let me loose while he waited for mommy to call for him to go pick her up. I quickly took advantage of my freedom to find a place to hide, so I could avoid being locked up again. Daddy looked all over for me, and finally had to leave to get mommy, leaving part of the security system off. That is a good thing, because once shortly after I came to live here they accidentally set it off, and that alarm is LOUD!!! Hurt my delicate ears! Once they got home, and I was pretty sure they were not going to leave me alone again, I walked up and nuzzled daddy "hello", and he really didn't seem mad at me. How could anyone stay mad at someone with spots as cute as mine?
Name*
Mail* (will not be published)
Website
Fields marked with * are required
Receive email notification when others comment on the diary
Anti-spam Challenge:
1 + 0 =
Family Pets
Subscribe
(What does RSS do?)
Visit Dogster.
Forum Post: Don Banks's 1st Rd Mock
Posted 03/25/2012 12:49:59 EDT
In Response to Re: Don Banks's 1st Rd Mock: Man I'm hoping that he keeps and uses all of his picks this year, especially with the rookie salary cap. Lots of good d lineman this year. Barron could very more »
Forum Post: 2012 NFL MOCK DRAFT (updated 4-25-12)
Posted 03/25/2012 12:44:27 EDT
In Response to 2012 NFL MOCK DRAFT (3/25/12): This is my amended 2012 NFL Mock Draft, which is sure to undergo more changes. Peyton Manning's decision on playing for Denver necessitates another r more »
Forum Post: Why are we stalling on Carter?
Posted 03/25/2012 12:32:55 EDT
In Response to Re: Why are we stalling on Carter?: In Response to Re: Why are we stalling on Carter? : Always depends on severity. I could have sworn I read an article lately that said he was ahead o more »
Forum Post: Mike Wallace to Pats? talk heating up
Posted 03/13/2012 09:23:36 EDT
In Response to Re: Mike Wallace to Pats: In Response to Mike Wallace to Pats : Tommy Streeter Posted by kansaspatriot Can anyone name another player that would cost a first round pick before we even a more »
Forum Post: Mario Williams a Buffalo Bill
Posted 03/13/2012 09:20:49 EDT
In Response to Re: Mario Williams a Buffalo Bill?:
Posted 03/13/2012 09:19:05 EDT
In Response to Mario Williams a Buffalo Bill?: The Bills have a ton of cap space...and are meeting with Mario Williams today: more »
Posted 03/12/2012 06:30:33 EDT
In Response to 2012 NFL MOCK DRAFT (3/11/12): Posted by TexasPat I just can't see the jagwires taking Couples at #7. Too much downside on this guy to risk a top 10 pick, when they have thei more »
Forum Post: DWIGHT FREENEY IS AVAILABLE NEXT WEEK TO THE PATS?
Posted 03/12/2012 06:24:15 EDT
In Response to Re: DWIGHT FREENEY IS AVAILABLE NEXT WEEK TO THE PATS?: Wallace...too expensive. Mario...too expensive. Freeney...too expensive. Next. Posted by SysRq Too expensive? It's not your m more »
Forum Post: Mario Williams is not the player you think he i: greg rosenthal in rotoworld
Posted 03/11/2012 03:49:24 EDT
In Response to Re: Mario Williams is not the player you think he i: greg rosenthal in rotoworld: In Response to Re: Mario Williams is not the player you think he i: greg rosenthal in rotoworld : Thoug more »
Forum Post: Dear Underdoggg...
Posted 03/08/2012 01:13:36 EST
It had to be underdoggg, under cover, who put up that ridiculous "trade tom sign peyton" post. more »
Forum Post: Tom relies on Wes, Gronk, and Hernandez too much
Posted 03/08/2012 01:11:40 EST
In Response to Tom relies on Wes, Gronk, and Hernandez too much: Not saying that its a bad thing, but Tom relies on those 3 way too much. Branch will make a contribution in a game, but won't be heard more »
Forum Post: Ras-I Dowling
Posted 03/08/2012 01:07:55 EST
Injury prone guys get that reputation for a reason. Played in 5 games in 2010 and none in 2011. I put the over/under for 2012 at four games. Why does BB keep drafting these guys? more »
Forum Post: to all the BB GM naysayers
Posted 03/08/2012 01:01:55 EST
In Response to Re: to all the BB GM naysayers: 27 words. And I'm sure there could be more. Cunningham, Price, Brace, Butler, Tate, McKenzie, Wheatley, Crable, O'Connell, Meriweather, Moroney, Jackson, more »
Posted 03/08/2012 12:58:57 EST
In Response to Re: to all the BB GM naysayers: The Steelers seem to Draft good every year, I wouldn't worry about them. We Draft Tate, they Draft Wallace after us. Posted by bobbysu That's one player. more »
Forum Post: Marcus Trufant
Posted 03/08/2012 12:52:17 EST
In Response to Re: Marcus Trufant: In Response to Marcus Trufant : No, thank you. He's a 31 year old player with diminished skills. Posted by TexasPat3 And a history of injury. I think we have en more »
Forum Post: Trade Tom sign Peyton
Posted 03/08/2012 12:50:06 EST
In Response to Trade Tom sign Peyton: Lets face it people, its our system that makes things run not Brady, come on he was drafted in the 6th round with barley any talent and he thrived but so did a no more »
Forum Post: Laron Landry
Posted 03/05/2012 01:37:57 EST
In Response to Laron Landry: Even if you don't think he's injury prone or his coverage ability is sketchy here is another reason why he isn't the answer at safety. He is a PED suspension waiting to h more »
Forum Post: Here's why Pats D isn't a priority in FA
Posted 03/05/2012 01:27:04 EST
In Response to Re: Here's why Pats D isn't a priority in FA: Honestly I hope you're dead wrong here. They need a game changer on D. Yes this D has improved, but they are not feared nor a concern of more »
Forum Post: My Final Draft Board- 4-26-12
Posted 03/04/2012 12:21:52 EST
In Response to Re: My Draft Board: If all your top 5 fell to the Pats I'd take Cox from this group. I'm still not sold on Barron. I'd rather take the big fish from the small pond (Cox) than the guy more »
Forum Post: Spygate or Saints worse
Posted 03/04/2012 12:14:57 EST
In Response to Spygate or Saints worse: Spygate, potentially, damaged the integrity of the game. Posted by dapats1281 What's that supposed to mean? A specific act either does or does not "damage integ more »
Forum Post: Forget Wallace...Go After Lloyd & Meachem.......
Posted 03/02/2012 01:57:46 EST
In Response to Forget Wallace...Go After Lloyd & Meachem.......: Going after Wallace would be way too costly for the Pats....the money they would have to give & the 1st round tenderd pick to the Steel more »
Forum Post: New Welker info
Posted 03/02/2012 01:52:17 EST
In Response to Re: New Welker info: While I wouldn't be shocked if he got dealt, no way he plays with the tag. Posted by GadisRKO He'd have to be stupid to do that and he doesn't strike me as a stupid more »
Forum Post: Report: Steelers Won't Franchise Wallace - Should Pats Strike?
Posted 03/01/2012 08:52:40 EST
In Response to Report: Steelers Won't Franchise Wallace - Should Pats Strike?: Steelers cannot absor more »
Forum Post: BRING IN HINES WARD!!!!!
Posted 03/01/2012 08:50:21 EST
In Response to Re: BRING IN HINES WARD!!!!!: Look Hines was a very good WR but his skills are eroding I do not want another old WR ala Ocho Stinko. I want Wallace(26), Bowe(27), Jackson(29), or Lloyd more »
Forum Post: Moss Twitter Account Much Better Than Ocho!!!
Posted 02/12/2012 06:17:58 EST
In Response to Moss Twitter Account Much Better Than Ocho!!!: Posted by yakv You've really got more »
©2015 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC
Separate multiple addresses with a comma
In Response to Re: Don Banks's 1st Rd Mock: Man I'm hoping that he keeps and uses all of his picks this year, especially with the rookie salary cap. Lots of good d lineman this year. Barron could very more »Video Game: Magic Sword: Heroic Fantasy
"Thank you!"Magic Sword: Heroic Fantasy is a Medieval European Fantasy-themed side-scrolling Hack and Slash Platform Game developed by Capcom for arcades in 1990, and ported for the SNES in 1992 as Magic Sword, albeit losing what was probably its main draw: the option for a two-player cooperative game. Outside that, the only other notable element of the game is the use of Assist Characters: eight different characters (Amazon, Bigman, Priest, Wizard, Thief, Ninja, Knight and artifact known as the Black Orb, a crystal that has increased the Evil Lord's powers significantly. By request of the ruler of the land, the main character (originally "The Brave One", later named Alan) accepts to destroy the orb and bring light back to the lands. But in order to do it, he'll need to ascend the 50-story Dragon Keep and defeat Drokmar's five sages, claiming the Magic Swords in their possession so he'll have a fighting chance against Drokmar, awaiting in floor 50.Outside a few Capcom compilation games, Magic Sword reappeared in 2008 as a port for mobile phones, and 2010 when it saw a re-release as a bonus bundled with the HD remake of Final Fight.Not to be confused with the old live-action film The Magic Sword.
This game provides examples of:
- Artifact of Doom: The Black Orb, which is said to grant its wielder immortality and great power, but it also seems to twist the user's mind and turn him really evil.
- Assist Character: The eight helpers.
- Automatic Crossbow: The Amazon.
- An Axe to Grind: The Bigman has a double-edged axe, which he swings like a boomerang. The second player gets a more common big axe.
- Barbarian Hero: Both main characters, specially Alan/Player 1.
- Bears Are Bad News: Minor enemies, in both grizzly and polar variations.
- The Beast Master: The sage who sics his "children", the Giant Worms, against you.
- Big Bad: The Evil Lord Drokmar.
- Blade on a Stick: The Knight throws spears.
- "Blind Idiot" Translation: A bit too much on the Engrish side of things. The US version of the game retranslates things, and while the writing is still simplistic, it is much more readable. The translator would eventually go on to join the staff of Midway Games, presumably as a writing supervisor.
- "Lizardman - Becomes an ally only when brided with a diamond ring." Perhaps the translator meant "bribed" or "bridled", or maybe you really are marrying the lizardman.
- Character Level: All helpers gain levels by sticking around and finding special items. This increases their technique's effectiveness (usually range and effect) and strength.
- Chest Monster: Several chests are rigged with traps, such as fire explosions, enemies hidden within or falling rocks. Thief partners can tell if a chest's rigged when it glows red.
- Crossover: Alan, Drokmar and a few of the game's characters and enemies appear in the quiz game Adventure Quiz: Capcom World 2 as challengers.
- Degraded Boss: A Palette Swap of the first dragon boss appears later as a Giant Mook.
- Dem Bones: Skeletons are a minor (and very annoying) enemy.
- Discard and Draw: Getting a new partner causes your last one to leae.
- Dishing Out Dirt: The Terraformer, an Elite Mook who manipulates pieces of the ground as his attack.
- Eenie, Meenie, Miny Moai: One mook type is a fire-breathing, moving Moai head.
- Energy Ball: Overlord: Evil Lord Drokmar.
- Evil Sorcerer: Lord Drokmar and his five sages.
- Evil Tower of Ominousness: The Dragon Keep.
- Fantasy Character Classes: All the helpers are designed in line with basic archetypes.
- Gentleman Thief: Since the Thief is a good guy, he's probably this.
- Golem: A type of Giant Mook.
- Hyperactive Metabolism
- Item Get: Each time you get a new sword, it spins around with sparkles as triumphant music plays out.
- It's All Upstairs from Here: The whole game.
- Inexplicable Treasure Chests
- Knife Nut: The Cloaked Wraith Mooks
- Lethal Lava Land: Certain floors are surrounded by a fiery blaze, which doesn't really affects our sturdy hero.
- Lizard Folk: A winged variation is a type of enemy, and by having a diamond ring in the inventory you can make one switch sides.
- Loin Cloth: Standard dress for a Barbarian Hero like The Brave One (Alan).
- Luckily My Shield Will Protect Me: The player can switch among a large variety of shields of many sizes and shapes, which provide extra defense against attacks. The Knight has also a big shield, but his is useless.
- Mad Bomber: The Thief.
- Magnet Hands: Both played straight and averted: You can't lose the original steel sword, but the swords gotten off bosses are thrown off your hands when the player is hit, which then must be recovered.
- Mix-and-Match Crit Endings: The game offers two. You are given the choice to take the Black Orb and become the next Evil Lord, or shatter it and free the land of its influence.
- Mummy: Minor enemies.
- Name's the Same: Belger the Brave and Guy the Ninja share their names with characters from Final Fight.
- Nipple and Dimed: While the Amazon in-game wears a plunging unitard, the game's artwork portrays her in a skimpy bra with an obvious nipslip
◊.
- No Name Given: Both player characters. Later, they were given official names: Alan and Belger.
- One-Winged Angel: All bosses except the Giant Worm's sage and Drokmar take on a monster's form before battle.
- Our Dragons Are Different: Dragons are recurrent bosses in the game. Two are generic western-looking dragons who shoot lightning out of their mouths, while the third is actually a two-headed Hydra with an identical attack pattern to the dragons.
- Our Orcs Are Different: A type of recurrent minor enemy.
- Our Zombies Are Different: The red-cloaked zombie Mooks who come from under the soil and try to stab you.
- Palette Swap: All Mooks get atleast one halfway through the game, as well as most bosses.
- Pinball Projectile: The Ninja's shurikens eventually turn into these.
- Playing with Fire: The wand item grants the title Magic Sword the ability to shoot high-powered fireballs for a limited amount of time.
- Power Floats: Drokmar.
- Power-Up: For your partner, hearts. Blue hearts healed, red hearts let them gain a level (they started at 1 and topped out at 8). But be careful...
- Poison Mushroom / Power Up Let Down: Are Abhorrent: Subverted. The Lizardman is the only enemy in the game who actually can be turned into an ally.
- Segmented Serpent: Third boss, the Giant Worms.
- Shout-Out: In Namco X Capcom, one of Sylphie's skills is named after the game.
- The Smurfette Principle: Ten good guys, one woman.
- Spike Balls of Doom: Giant ceiling-chained spikeballs are common obstacles in a few floors.
- Spikes of Doom: Several stages has them, and are especially bothersome if your sword falls just among them. They are also used in later bosses' chambers to spike up the challenge.
- Spread Shot: Some of the allies' attacks, mainly the Ninja.
- Sword Beam: The Magic Sword used by the player can shoot magic blasts as its main attack.
- Throwing Your Sword Always Works: The Lizardman's means of attack is to throw three swords at a time.
- Walking Shirtless Scene: The Brave One/Alan, but not Belger.
- Weapons Kitchen Sink: The weapons gained from defeating bosses range from a broadsword to a scimitar, to even a katana.
- With Great Power Comes Great Insanity: The Black Orb causes this.
- Wizard Needs Food Badly: Your health degrades over time even if you don't take damage. If you don't obtain food items at a steady pace, you may find yourself near death at an important battle even if you fared well against the mooks.
Community
Best Job Ever - Research Analyst
Emily Bartlett discovered a passion for analyzing data while in graduate school.
Bartlett develops surveys, collects data, and provides useful analysis to the funders and decision makers in a regional nonprofit organization. Determining if the programs match the outcome goals is just one part of her job with the Girl Scouts.Even music on.
If you've taken any of the suggestions I made in my two previous columns, you have by now [1] made a gut bucket or other musical instrument, [2] acquired some kind of instrument at a bargain price or for nothing at all, or [3] discovered that you were born with a fiddle, banjo, guitar, or whatever already to your name.
In short, the time has now come for us to start thinkin' about what you're going to do with your new (old) musicmaker. Or, perhaps, the question is even more basic than that: How are you — instrument or not — going to get started a'pickin' and a'grinnin' with all the other folks who've already plunged into homegrown music? Where are you going to begin? What's your first step going to be?
Well, I don't think there's much of any way for anyone to go wrong in this area of human activity. Not if he or she starts right out thinking of playing music together with one or more other people as a community experience. Community as in "communication." Or, to turn it the other way 'round: Perhaps "communication" — whatever form the act may take — can be defined as "creating community." And, as should be apparent to the readers of this column by this time, I'm happiest when I can do my "community creating" by performing the act of music with some other down-home pickers and singers.
Furthermore, as I've indicated before in this column, I have very definite feelings about the right way and the wrong way for an individual to prepare him — or herself to commit the act of makin' music with others.
In the first place, I think it's absolutely essential that you own your own instrument and that you got it honestly, no matter what that instrument may be: a "store-bought", salvaged, or donated guitar, harmonica, fiddle, mandolin, dobro, a do-it-yourself gutbucket bass, musical saw, set of spoons, jug, washboard, even just your own voice.
It doesn't matter what your instrument is, as long as it's yours. It doesn't matter whether you made it yourself, it was given to you, you traded for it, or you bought it, as long as you got it honestly and it's yours. The symbolism is important — I would even say inherent — to the concept of communication that I'm trying to get across. The instrument you bring to your pickin' and grinnin' sessions must be yours . . . honestly.
Of course — as I've already indicated — it doesn't have to be fancy. Or expensive. Or even a "real" instrument. Your voice, for instance, can be all the "equipment" you really need to get yourself started in music . . . all you'll ever need, for that matter.
A cappella singing (singing without any instrumental accompaniment at all) has always been an important form of human expression and, if anything, is now enjoying a resurgence of popularity. In fact, this one very simple (and lowcost) method of "playing music"— if thoroughly explored — can keep you occupied all by itself, for a long, long time. There's choir singing, for instance, plus barbershop quartets, and choruses for you to look into. Philadelphia street-style singing, field hollers, and shape-note singing to try your vocal cords on. There's the Appalachian gospel style and mantra singing (as done by Buddhists and others at celebrations and before breakfast and such). There are native American chants and Polynesian chants and sea chanteys and . . . well, you get the idea.
It's so easy to "slip into" music this way too. Just open your mouth and sing! Don't worry about how you sound at first. Even little birds have to practice before they can sing. So go ye and do likewise. Practice! Anywhere and any time you get the chance. I received my own voice training while delivering pizzas in my car and singing along with the radio. Practice! As you develop control over your voice singing by yourself, you'll automatically develop enough selfconfidence to start singing with others.
And that time will come! No matter how selfconscious you may think you are now, if you practice the use of your singing voice religiously, sooner or later you will find yourself with a person or people who make you feel that you can express yourself musically with them to the best of your ability (whatever that ability may be) and they will approve. That's when the real magic will begin. Once you get yourself past that hurdle, the race is as good as won . . . and every time you sing your very best for others after that, it will be better than your last best effort. (I'm sure this rule extends to other areas of existence as well. Music presents many good analogies to life in general.)
Of course, there's no need — either — to try to push your "public debut" before you're ready for it. Always bear in mind that music is a valuable method of selfexpression, both public and private. Remember — first and foremost — that your music must please you.
I, for one, have spent many enjoyable hours playing music and/or singing just for myself on the front porch or out in a field somewhere. One shouldn't overlook the need to communicate with oneself. (Or with the dandelions, the red-winged blackbirds, all the plants and animals and the rest of creation that can hear you . . . whether there are any other people around or not.)
What it all boils down to is that humans, basically, are social and gregarious . . . even the shy ones. Everyone — whether or not he or she will or can admit it — wants to "reach out" and communicate with him — or herself, with others, with the rest of creation. And one of the easiest and most satisfying ways to do that reaching out is with your voice . . . musically.
So sing out! For yourself. For the flowers. For the clouds. For the wind. For the rain. For the sunshine. For and with other people. Make a start right now. If it doesn't quite come naturally at first, it soon will! The energy — the need — for singing is inherent in life itself. All you have to do to unlock it is have faith in what you're doing . . . and that will develop in no time flat once you've made your start.
The same, obviously, can be said for the playing of "real" musical instruments. And, I believe, once you've taken the first big step of starting to sing . . . and the second big step of singing with others . . . the next major leap forward in your do-it-yourself-music liberation will probably take place when you own your first truly playable instrument. And the leap after that will be yours when you begin to play your new instrument for and with others.
Those are the big milestones. The markers along your upward path. The "important" known reference points that you'll start to use to measure your musical progress.
You probably will realize that progress goes much faster, however, if you forget all about "working" your way from one of these milestones to the next. Relax. Homegrown music is supposed to be fun, remember? Don't turn it into a job. And — for gosh sake — don't lock yourself off in a closet somewhere and practice, practice, practice until you're perfect before allowing yourself to play and sing with others.
It's more fun, it's easier, it's better when you learn music by osmosis, much the same way that water is absorbed through the walls of a plant's cells. (As a matter of interesting fact, music can affect the osmotic process — it can alter the rates at which fluids pass through plant cell walls — and, thus, can affect the growth of vegetation. See Chapter 10 of Peter Tompkins and Christopher Bird's book, The Secret Life of Plants, for more on this subject.)
So get close to other musicians, even before you think you're ready to join in their group jam sessions. Especially before you're ready to carry your full weight in those sessions. Observe those musicians as they play. Pay close attention to what they do and how they get the effects they get. Absorb their techniques. Study what they do to make the sounds they make.
And, even more important, open your awareness to the "vibrations" that those more accomplished musicians give off as they play their music. Yeah, I know it sounds sorta strange to folks who are just startin' out . . . but I have a strong feeling that music is transmitted telepathically as well as aurally. And you can learn a lot more a lot faster from an accomplished musician and increase the energy level of whatever he or she is playing just by giving full attention to his or her tune and how he or she plays it.
On second thought, maybe this notion of mine isn't so strange after all. We all know that when two musical notes are played together in harmony, their vibrations reinforce each other and make the sound stronger. Likewise, when one string on a stringed instrument is played . . . all other strings that are tuned in harmony with it will vibrate too, even if they're not plucked. (This is called a "sympathetic vibration" and you can demonstrate it to yourself if you've never seen it take place. Just play a note — any note — on a piano while you press down on the "sustain" foot pedal and look inside the piano's case to see which other strings vibrate too. Surprise! Several strings vibrate . . . and the closer the sympathetically tuned strings are to the one note you played, the more they will move.)
It's the same with people. Each individual is an energy source. You're a source of energy. So, if you want to learn to play (vibrate) musically, put yourself close to others who play. Get in tune with what they're doing. That alone will in. crease the energy level of the tunes they're pickin' out, and you'll begin to feel ( not just listen to) the melodies, harmonies, rhythms, emotions, and inflections that your friends are makin'.
Great! Now start snappin' those fingers and clappin' those hands. Start singing along. Get a pair of spoons or make up some sandpaper blocks on the spot. Join in! That's what music — homegrown music, at any rate — is really all about. Music is a magical connection . . . and the more energy you add to the music, the more magical and the more connecting it will be.
In short, there's really nothing mysterious about music at all. It's just like the rest of life: The more you give, the more you'll get back (usually with interest). So start givin' . . . now! . . . even if you have nothing to give with but your fingers (snap 'em!), your hands (clap 'em!), and your voice (sing!). That's all it really takes for anyone to get started in down-home music.
And don't worry about being a beginner! I've never yet met a musician who knew all there was to know about music . . . or even a small part of it. We're all beginners. What're you waitin' for? Come on in with the rest of us duffers and join the fun! Get started right now. That's the important part. All the rest — instruments, fancy pickin', maybe even a proper career in music — will follow. For now, though, the name of the game is just picking up the vibrations, getting in on the action any way you can, and having fun.Since Sept. 2000: Losses to Palestinian agricultural sector hit more than $1 billion
The Palestinian Ministry of Agriculture reported that the losses inflicted to the local agricultural sector as a result of the Israeli measures amounted to US$ 1,091,543,986.
In a report issued Tuesday about the agricultural losses between 28 of Sept 2000 to 31 August 2004, the Ministry said that Israeli troops uprooted 1,145,154 trees and razed 68,728 dunums.
It added that 12,371 farmers have suffered from the continued Israeli attacks on agricultural sector.
The total losses due to declining prices of agricultural products have reached US$ 151,640,000 while the fishery sector incurred US$ 12,955,587 in losses. (menareport.com)
© 2004 Mena Report ()
Advertisement
EDITOR’S CHOICE
1 - 4 OF 12John Schuster shares this picture of a beautiful brown from a recent trip to the North Island of New Zealand. According to John, he hiked "all over the north island for some incredible journeys that included the most difficult, rough brush bashing terrain that I have ever experienced in my 15 years in the sport traveling the world and your durable but yet very comfortable G4 waders held up beautifully even through the 'jungle beat'".
North Island Brown
Okay to attend the Durban Review Conference in Geneva, Switzerland which is suppose to discuss racism but according to the CNN report singles out Israel for criticism.
US boycotts UN racism conference
Obama had warned them if they didn’t change their position he wouldn’t be a party to it and though they changed the document slightly it wasn’t enough to satisfy Obama. You see just when I got my venom for Obama going, he goes and does something decent like defending Israel against her aggressors. Or like not prosecuting the CIA agents for torture. Stop it Obama, you are confusing me!
You can’t sit there and call our soldiers torturers and shut down Gitmo
but say everything the CIA did is peachy keen. You can’t allow a college you are giving a speech at to cover up Jesus’ name and not say boo but then defend Israel. The inconsistent application of Obama’s “principles” is not just merely irritating but downright dangerous because you can never be too sure what side he will come down on.
Right now he is coming down on the side of Israel-which he should, but will that determination to stand behind the only true democracy in the Middle East continue throughout his tenure as president? Will Israel continue to be able to count on his support? We just don’t know and if I was Israel, I wouldn’t be overly hopeful about it. Bowing to the Saudi king sure didn’t convince us that his loyalty was to America let alone Christianity. And the greatest ally, Israel has is the American Christian.
The National Black Caucus (NBC) is upset by Obama’s refusal to go to the conference. And why wouldn’t they be? Racism is their bread and butter. Maybe they were hoping Obama would send them the manual upon his return “101 Ways to Milk Racism for All Its Worth!” Hey NBC, you want to take on racism, why don’t you go to Kansas and try to get Tiller locked up? Why don’t you take on real racism-the abortion of over ten million Black babies! Or are you too busy concerned about the bling life to take on the White liberals that are killing us?
And though I respect his decision not engage in this anti-Semitic attack towards Israel, I wish he cared about Black children as much! I wish he would stop funding abortion overseas and killing off the Black population here and abroad! I wish he would stand up for the 60 percent of Black children that don’t make it out of the womb! I wish he truly cared about racism. On the upside, maybe because of this Jesus will forgive him for being a weenie the other day and covering up his name. I just wish he would choose a principle and stick with it. In the meantime, I will keep a close eye on him and keep telling myself it is progress not perfection. Maybe this is progress but I am not holding my breath.
Well, to be fair you have to give Obama props where props is due.
Are pigs flying though?
Not yet Shane. LOL. Though if you believe in global warming or killing embryos is going to cure disease, I am sure I could convince you that they were. LOL
Like you I too am grateful he did not attend this anti Semitic hate fest. I also wish there was some consistency in his policy. There almost seems like there is no rhyme or reason for the decision (funny I had the same concern over a McCain Administration).
BTW, another black conservative here (literally, lol). Will be following your blog.
Shane Vander Hart Says:
April 19, 2009 at 6:28 pm
Well, to be fair you have to give Obama props where props is due.
Are pigs flying though?
Well sure they are! It’s been in all the news. Ya know, “swine flu”! What? Flu is past tense for fly? Oh sorry… my mistake ;)MUSIC
Jukebox Heroes
Presented by Regent Theatre, Arlington at Regent Theatre
December 8, 2012
.
7 Medford Street
Arlington, MA 02474
Admission Info:
Reserved Seating
Preferred - $32.50 (1st 10 rows center orchestra)
Regular - $27.50
Balcony - $22.50
Regent Members save $3
$20 - Groups of 12+ (call the box office to order group orchestra level only. No wheelchair access in balcony.
Connect with this Organization:
Facebook | Twitter |It was a quick quilt and not to difficult to complete once I set my mind to it. I even had some healthy competition from Shay. Though I don't think it was fair for her for a couple of reasons.
1. Shay is quilting her complicated appliquéd orange peels. I was doing a big grid.
2. We both wanted our quilts done by Saturday. But Shay is a day ahead of us as she lives Down Under.
3. Shay is unpacking her parents into their new house. Me, I'm just sitting around eating chocolates and feeding kittens.
See its just not fair but I did like the challenge. Thank you Shay!
Just a few swirly feathers to fill the space.
I'll try to get pictures tomorrow hopefully with a BIG smile!
Shay, I'm looking forward to seeing your finish! I know you can do it! I'd send you some chocolates for energy but they'd never get there in time.
Grab some Cadbury bars with fruit and nuts and send me the bill. And throw in a couple packs of Tim Tams!
Take care and have a wonderful weekend!
4 comments:
Looks great! What's next???
D.G. L
Yay for your finish! You did it - And it looks brilliant !
I did start my quilting in between unpacking and all the other stuff going on here but then decided I did like the quilting and then started thinking about how pretty FM would look ...I cant FM very well so I started to practice and now I have some unpicking to do instead of actual quilting !
PS. Will give the fruit and nut chocky a miss – Im allergic to nuts (although hospital would be a good excuse for not finishing my quilting wouldn’t it!)
I hope Susan loves it! Great feathers too
Adorable! Nothing like a little competition to help you stay focused!!Whenever I decorate for a party, be it in my own home or somewhere else, my must-have are clear Command Hooks
.
I used small clear Command Hooks to hang the fish nets and they worked perfectly. They stick to almost anything and they can be easily removed without doing any damage to the area where it was stuck.Enjoy your favorite shows on your schedulePodcasts ☰ menu Past Shows Highlights < "El Hombre" Michael Bradley-  #
Fedora Status Report
- Fedora Core 2 Status
- Fedora Core 3 Status
- Chat Channels and Mailing Lists
- Documentation Project
- Translation Project
- Community
The following summaries the status of the Fedora Project starting with the release of Fedora Core 2. Important milestones since then include:
- Fedora Core 2 was released on May 18, 2004.
- The SELinux FAQ for Fedora Core 2 was finalized and moved to the Fedora website.
- The SELinux FAQ for Fedora Core 3 was finalized and posted to the Fedora website.
- Fedora Core 3 was released on November 8, 2004 for both the x86_64 and x86 architectures.
- 111 package have been updated and released for Fedora Core 2.
- The user mailing list, fedora-list, has over 6300 subscribers.
- The developer mailing list, fedora-devel-list, has over 1650 subscribers.
- The testers mailing list, fedora-test-list, has approximately 3000 subscribers.
- Fedora Core 1 was ported and released to its first 64 bit architecture, AMD64. Justin Forbes, along with many other community members, organized and developed this release.
- Fedora Core 1 was moved to Fedora Legacy.
Fedora Core 2 Status
Fedora Core 2 (FC2) includes:
- 2.6 kernel
- Security Enhanced Linux (SELinux) is installed for testing but not enabled by default. To install FC2 with SELinux enabled type selinux at the Boot: prompt when installing.
- Because of the complexity of issues surrounding it, a mailing list has been created for both users and developers. Similar to other Red Hat mailing lists, you can subscribe from the Web at the following location:
- GTK+ 2.4 and GNOME 2.6
- IIIMF (Intranet/Internet Input Method Framework) is the default input method protocol for Fedora Core 2. An input method is a layer of software between the keyboard and the application that enables the input of complex languages — especially Chinese, Japanese, and Korean — but in theory they can be used with any language. IIIMF seeks to replace the aging and inflexible XIM (X Input Method) protocol. Further discussion about IIIMF can be found at.
- Fedora has switched to using the X.Org version of the X Window System. X.Org's implementation is a fork of XFree86 done prior to the license change. X.Org is believed to have a more open approach to development, which Fedora developers thought would be more beneficial to the nature of Fedora.
- Subversion 1.0 is included. It is a versioning control system designed to replace CVS.
- Refer to the Release Notes for a list of added, removed, and depreciated packages.
Fedora Core 3 StatusFedora Core 3 (FC3) was released on November 8, 2004.
Some of the interesting new features include:
- GNOME 2.8
- KDE 3.3.0
- Evolution 2.0
- SELinux is enabled by default
- Dynamic handling of device files via udev
- GCC 3.4
- VNC
- Refer to the Release Notes and the Fedora Core 3 article for more details.
Chat Channels and Mailing Lists
- A channel, #selinux, devoted to SELinux issues has been added to Freenode.
- Many Red Hat developers who work on internationalization can be found at #fedora-i18n. In particular, they are anxious to hear about issues and questions related to IIIMF. Remember that many of the developers on that channel are in the GMT+9 or GMT+10 (China/Japan/Korea/Australia) timezones, so if the channel is dormant, the developers are most likely asleep!
- New mailing lists such as fedora-extras-announce-list and fedora-tools-list have been started. The complete list of mailing lists is available on the Communicate page of the website.
Documentation Project:
- Fedora Jargon Buster — Explanation of common Linux terms and terms related to the Fedora Project
- SELinux FAQ for Fedora Core 2 — Karsten Wade finalized the FAQs for FC2, and they have been moved from his people.redhat.com page to the official Fedora website.
- SELinux FAQ for Fedora Core 3 — Karsten Wade revised the SELinux FAQs for FC3, and they have been posted for those using SELinux.
- Keeping Up to Date — Dave Pawson started a tutorial on how to keep your Fedora Core system updated with the latest packages using Yum. It needs a chapter on using
up2dateas well. A patch on this topic is welcome.
Translation Project
Sarah Wang has updated the Translation Project page and posted two new participation documents:
Community.Ever since June 29, when the Supreme Court ordered new arguments in the Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission case for Sept. 9, some lawyers and ethics experts have wondered whether former solicitor general Theodore Olson, now with Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher, should remain in the case. He argued for Citizens United in the first argument March 24, and let it be known he would play the same role in the re-do.
In the light of Olsen's statement that a lawyer's argument in court need not represent his personal views of the matter, I wonder what his true personal views were in the case that made George W. Bush president.
Posted by: Richard M. Adler | July 24, 2009 at 05:33 PM[Footnote 11: About seventy miles above Wady Haifa.]
[Footnote 12: I cannot help smiling in copying off this part of my journal, at the little account I made of “bread rice and lentils,” at the commencement of the campaign. Before I left Sennaar, I have been more than once obliged to take a part of my horse’s rations of durra to support nature. He ate his portion raw and I boiled mine. The causes of such distress were that the natives of the Upper country would frequently refuse to sell us any thing for our dirty colored piastres of Egypt, and the Pasha would allow nobody to steal but himself. “Steal” a fico for the phrase. The wise “convey it call,” says ancient Pistol, an old soldier who had seen hard times in the wars.]
[Footnote 13: These were the rapids of Dall.]
[Footnote 14: In every dangerous pass, we invariably saw one or more of our boats wrecked.]
[Footnote 15: It is called Gamatee.]
[Footnote 16: The middle of the Upper Nile is generally occupied by an almost continued range of islands.]
[Footnote 17: I learned afterwards from Khalil Aga, the American, who accompanied me to Sennaar and back again to Egypt, and who visited tins spot, that this column made a part of the ruins of an ancient temple, where are to be seen two colossal statues. I set out the next day with him to visit this place, but being then only convalescent from a bloody flux which had reduced my strength, I found myself too weak to reach the place, and returned to the boat.]
[Footnote 18: The river continues in the same general direction as high up as the island of Mograt, on the Third Cataract, when it resumes a course more south and north. The length of this bend is probably not less than two hundred and fifty miles.]
[Footnote 19: i.e. The bank on our left-hand ascending the river.]
[Footnote 20: A more particular account of this battle will be given hereafter, in the course of the narrative.]
[Footnote 21: These gentlemen were Messrs. Waddington and Hanbury, who, after staying a short time in our camp, returned to Egypt. Mr. Waddington, on his return to England, published an account of his travels on the upper Nile, in which, having been misled by the tongue of some mischievous enemy of mine, he gave an account of me not a little fabulous. On my arrival in London, I wrote to Mr. Waddington what he was pleased to call a “manly and temperate letter,” informing him of his error, representing to him the serious injury it might do me, and calling upon him for a justification or an apology. Mr. Waddington, in the manner best becoming an English gentleman, frankly gave me both, concluding with the following expressions—“I feel the most sincere and profound sorrow for the unintentional injustice into which I have been betrayed by too hasty a belief of false information. For this I am as anxious to make you reparation, as I am incapable of doing> Ravi - In the dream state the 'will' to act is not there at the same > potential - Take for example - the animals - they exhaust vasana-s only > but do not accumulate new vasana-s. In a way, they are pre-programmed > or what we call instinctively driven, whereas in the human, the > intellect is in high potential (leaving of course people who act as > animals!). There is discriminative intellect that knows right from > wrong. Sin is therefore defined as the divergence between mind and > intellect - that is exactly the vasana-s. Man can sin but not animals. > The difference thus exists between waking state and dream state. That is > my understanding. > I think we should work with standard definitions. According to yoga, karmaashaya is latent impression of action and vaasana is latent impression of the feeling. vasana-s serve as field for the seed of karmashaya to grow and come into fruition. I am saying this from my memory, if your refer to Sri Hariharananda Aranya's book, he discusses these issues in a great detail. If I find time, I will try to summarize or cut&paste relevant paragraphs (as this book is on the netlibrary). RaviJob posts in NITRD Delhi last date 20th June-2015
National Institute of Tuberculosis and Respiratory Diseases (NITRD)(Autonomous Institute of Ministry of Health & Family Welfare, Government of India)Sri Aurobindo Marg (Near Qutub Minar), New Delhi – 110030@ Applications are invited from Indian Nationals for the following posts in the prescribed format : Hospital Multi-Tasking Staff – Dietary : 04 posts Hospital Multi-Tasking Staff – […]Other Palm Trees and Bandeau Tops. Tuesday, October 2, 2012 Skirt: H&M (palm tree dress here + blouse here) | Top: American Apparel | Shades: Target (similar here, here + here) | Necklace: Albeit + Gabriela Artigas One of my favorite Maui looks during my last day there. It was all about mixing prints and looking tropical! photos by my sister: Ari
100 Comments
lovely skirt!
Me encanta el estampado, q pena q ya hace frío para estas cosas!! universovarietes.blogspot.com
perfect vacay attire – looks comfy and carefree!!
fashionable footprints
fashionable footprints (facebook)
love it, your so cute!
spectacular look and pics baby
fran
NEW LOOK: BULLFIGHTING
love the pattern mix, so tropical!!
xoxo
i love how sweet this outfit looks, whilst not compromising on the stylish !
x karen
You look beautiful
XX
looking so beautiful . preety combination . nice fashion .
Parfum pas cher
oh cute cute cute look… you are a lovely love-child here
You look so summer!! Making me miss it badly
Amazinnnng pics you look fabulous !!!
xx Selma
You look adorable!!
you look stunning!
that bandeau top is a statement!! <3
xx
Aww I love this look, very tropical
Cute bandeau top!
xoxo,
Rachel
Rachel’s Lookbook
you look beautiful, juls <3
I love all these beautiful, I follow you, follow me?
Love this combination!
i like so much the remix of prints
lovely
bea
beaishappy.blogspot.com
so cute! very 90s!
Love that skirt! Maui looks amazing!
xx lauren
I love your top !
Pretty Jules!! nice pics, xo
waaauw so pretty!! xx
fun prints!
Bises,
monkeyshines
awesome!and with this heat, great choice!
Perfect as usually, love your blog!
so perfect look!!!I love this skirt and top ..
xx
soo cute! love your hair!:)
fashionqamar.blogspot.com
You look beautiful! xo, Christina
Wowwww this skirt is so cool!!! I really love it! SO CUTE PICTURES!
BESOS FROM BARCELONA!
gorgeous photos and outfit
Hayley xx
gorgeous skirt Jules !! The pictures are very beautiful
XX Luba
Well Living BLog :. this week see my working looks
I love this outfit, especially the top!
xo
such a cute look! love the skirt
SHEWOLF
you look beautiful and summery
fashionistaface.blogspot.com
This look is making me sad summer’s over – so cute.
Sea and Swank
Love the hawaiian look!
xo – Sheila
Me encanta el look!!
Un beso.
love your hair, and very cute outfit.
xo
Rachelle
htt://pinksole.com
this outfit is so appropriate for maui! i’d have to say it’s my favorite too!!
Love the entire look.
Shopping, Style and Us
Your tan looks gorgeous as usual, I wish I was naturally tan like you too! The outfit makes me want to take a trip to somewhere tropical!
-Sarah
The Weekend Diary
super cute!!! you are just a doll!!!!!!
you’re so gorgeous.
mfashionfreak♥blog
You look fab!
xo Jennifer
Amazing outfit !!!
I was thrilled to see that skirt on someone, you wear it well!
Can you do a post on your hair? Cut, color, etc? And what products you used? I’m obsessed with it <3
This look is amazing Jules x
x
you look gorgeous as always! never quit posting <3
xo
Love all of the tropical prints!
Michelle
You are so tropical it’s not even funny! Love this fun look on you
My jewelry blog: joliejouel.blogspot.com
This is so amazing
xo Camilla
Into The Fold
You are perfect! xx
so cute! I actually bought this skirt after I saw you wearing it last time and took it on my vacation – thanks for the inspiration.
you can see how I wore it here is you like –
♥ ThankFifi
Whoa!!! the pictures are amazing. Look beautiful
Hey, I think this store has similar clothes, and cheaper than other stores
Your hair is fabulous
quoi-alors.blogspot.com
SO jealous that you can still wear summer clothes! LOVING these mixed prints!
XOXO
-Daisy Nguyen from PS BANANAS fashion blog:
Wooow niceee look! The skirt is abs amazing!
A.
FASHION IMPERATIVE
FI FB
Aw Hawaii looks so nice for a holiday. I cant wait for these weather to heat up here in Australia.
xx Tanya
Giiiiirl, you are SO flawless. Love love love!
xoxo, Ally
pinsandroses.blogspot.com
This is such a cute new way to wear these two pieces!
Christina, bohemianwild.blogspot.com
YOur skirt is adorable! YOu always look fab!
oliviamoone.blogspot.com
aww i so need a vacation! you look so cute!
Loving the mix of prints! You’re gorgeous.
Style Infatuation
Have I told you lately that I love you? Seriously, your blog is fab and you are gorgeous! I’m glad you had a great trip!
I love the print mixture! Such a pretty look!
PS- Don’t forget to enter the giveaway on my blog-open internationally!
Allison
A’s Fashion Files
RIRE Giftcard Giveaway
Shop Kawaii Kitsch by A on Etsy!
love the bandeau! so cute. you look perfect for summer… hope you had a lovely vacation! XO
kirin
gorgeous!
A great look. The printed are fantastic and I remember the summer.
I hope see you in my blog.
XX
Nice!!!
Totally stylish. I didn´t know they had a skirt with this print too cos I have the dress version
xo
glamDevils
Such a pretty summer look! Love the clash of prints xx
Great tropical outfit!
Théa Unknown
you look pretty
You have extremely cute style!:)
How do you get your hair to curl so perfectly beachy?? I try so hard but it never looks like that. Please give any tips you have!!
Love, love, love this. Reminds me of a similar outfit I wore during our Honolulu Wedding trip. So pretty!
like the cutest top ever!
This is a gorgeous outfit! I so wish I brought this skirt from H&M when I had the chance. I am definitely taking this photo to my hairdressers the next time I go
x
You look amazing!
x
Love it!!! Have the same skirt
Crystal
ah! so cute!
Pretty outfit!
Me gusta la falda, es muy bonita :). Guapísima!!!!
Un besito
you look amazing!! This is definitely my summer inspiration! I would love to wear this everyday during our summer!!!
You’re a beauty, thank you for your constant amazingness!
HOT!!!!
I almost never leave comments on your blog, but I’m a huge fan! I just had to comment today to say I LOVE THIS LOOK! Its so different from all your other looks!
Keep up the great work!
Big fan from Miami!
nice skirt love it♥
OMG! You look perfect in this outfit! Love it:)
Love,Gemma
Perfect Hawaiian look! and great tan
xA
what a cute outfit!
JUST found a skirt like that in my closet. now you inspired me to wear it.
i saw that skirt in H&M a while a go but i still stick to my word that it only looks good on you!
xo
That top is awesome.
Collections
amazing style!
This outfit is gorgeous! Perfect summer style.
Sarah xWayne Mills, the man who mentored a young Blake Shelton, was drunk and on amphetamine when he died. That’s the shocking conclusion of the final autopsy on the Nashville rocker, Radar has learned, which has emerged nearly two months after Mills was shot and killed in the back of the head during a bar fight in November.
The Davidson County Medical Examiner’s report ruled the death a homicide from a gunshot wound to the back of Mills’ head. He was also found to have two broken ribs, and several contusions across his body and head.
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved In Murder
Perhaps more shockingly, according to SavingCountryMusic.com, the toxicology report uncovered the fact that Mills’ blood alcohol level was 0.221 at time of death — nearly three times the legal limit. He also tested positive for amphetamine.
Friends of Mills insist that he was merely on doctor-prescribed Adderall at the time.
Mills’ alleged killer, Chris Ferrell, appeared in court in Nashville Thursday to begin negotiations for a trial date. He has been charged with second-degree murder after shooting Mills at Nashville’s Pit & Barrel Bar, which he owns, on November 23. Ferrell insists the act was self-defense.Eric Neumann is a New York based Stand-up comedian. He started performing at Comic Strip Live in Manhattan when he was just shy of twenty-one years old. He currently performs at various comedy clubs throughout NYC and the country. He has been seen on Comcast and co-produces a monthly comedy show called "Comics Anonymous".
You probably don't think laundry can inspire bloodcurdling terror. Eric Neumann knows better.
Eric Neumann shares why should read the fine print when you go on a tour.
Eric Neumann's friend recently came out of the closet.
Eric Neumann just went on a date with What's-her-name.
Eric Neumann's mom is a little overprotective.
Eric Neumann guesses his password and it ain't easy.HAMPTON, Va. (AP)—Devin Green scored 28 points as Hampton kept North Carolina A&T winless on the season with a 79-63 win Saturday.
The Pirates (17-8, 13-3 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference) led by six points at the half and cruised to victory on 64 percent shooting in the second half. Hampton also outrebounded the Aggies 38-23, but committed 21 turnovers.
North Carolina A&T (0-24, 0-16) was led by Steven Koger’s 20 points. Landon Beckwith added 17 and Brian Faulcon had 10. The Aggies shot 43 percent for the game.
Barry Hairston added 19 points for Hampton, while Isaac Jefferson had 10 points, 14 rebounds and six assists.
Updated Saturday, Mar 1, 2003Egyptians remember 1973 on anniversary of October War
He has always been there, fixing the perfect cappuccino or precise espresso. Long before the days of skimmed milk, lattes and mochas. Am Hussein is the most famous face of Brazilian Coffee in Ramleh, Alexandria. He has been making coffee and listening to the political chit chat of his clientele for over half a century.
Today, with the same pleasant smile and exact, well-syncronised body movement, Am Hussein is still serving coffee with a smile – and for his old time clients, also with a little chat that does not of course interrupt the flow of cappuccino-making.
“I will tell you one thing," he says, opening a new topic while still managing effortlessly the flow of caffeine to his customers: "There were many days where I saw Egyptians happy. Mostly under Gamal Abdel Nasser. People really loved him. But the days when I saw Egyptians the happiest was during the October War.”
After his morning-to-afternoon shift at Brazilian Coffee in Ramleh on Saturday, 6 October 1973, Hussein was walking the street to the bus that would take him home when he heard people talking “about the crossing.”
At first, Hussein thought he got it wrong. Then when he saw the street coming to a standstill and joined a small crowd at a traditional cafe. People “were so joyful and they were screaming and hugging each other.”
On 6 October 1973, Egypt's armed forces managed to cross the Suez Canal, breaking down the Bar Lev Line in Israeli-occupied Sinai. The victory reversed the strategic losses of the 1967 war and laid the ground for the eventual restitution of Sinai.
The following day, also on the morning-to-afternoon shift, Hussein was again serving coffee. “There was no need for words. One could just look at the body posture and facial expression of those coming in. It really was a marked difference since the day before, since the years before. Since 1967. God bless the souls of Gamal Abdel Nasser and Anwar El-Sadat,” he said.
For Hussein, Gamal Abdel Nasser is Egypt's “number one hero.” “Nobody is like Abdel Nasser. He was the one who nationalised the Suez Canal. I clearly remember that day. I was then a waiter at a small one-floor hotel owned by a Hungarian lady, close to Borsa Square, where the nationalisation was announced. I can still hear the words of Gamal Abdel Nasser."
Hussein did not always agree with what Abdel Nasser did, or like all the consequences. He misses the cosmopolitan days of Alexandria before the nationalisation move drove most foreigners away.
“The rest left after 1967 and things changed. Egypt lost something on that day. Alexandria too. People looked down, and the talk was depressive. Some, however, remained hopeful and kept the faith that we would be able to make it through — especially with the victories made during the War of Attrition. Others were defeated and they spoke only of the need to find another life elsewhere,” Hussein said.
Hussein never reminded those clients of their pessimism. He just served coffee with a smile, and sometimes with extra sugar.
“I think there is something about politics that makes people who talk about it want coffee,” Hussein stated.
Hussein remembers from those days an elderly men speaking of gratitude to the Almighty for living to see the day that the 1967 defeat was reversed, and of people lamenting that Nasser died before arriving to that day, which he worked so hard for.
Hussein recalls other days of "national glory," including the 1956 war, “where the French and British, with Israel at their tail, tried to reverse the nationalisation of the Suez Canal,” and of re-opening of the Suez Canal in 1975. But he insists that “nothing compares to the happiness in the eyes and the joy in the spirit of Egyptians upon the 1973 victory.”
For Hussein, the magnitude of those sentiments could only be matched with the severe sadness “that befell us when Gamal Abdel Nasser died. I think it was worse than the day of the 1967 defeat, because when the defeat happened we knew we could reverse it with the leadership of Abdel Nasser. But when he died, we were not so sure."
The death of Anwar El-Sadat on 6 October 1981, eight years after the victory, prompted mixed feelings among Hussein's clients. “God bless the soul of Sadat. But some people were happy he was killed because they said he made a big mistake when he signed a peace deal with Israel without enough assurances on the rights of Palestinians.”
For Hussein, the highest crest for Egyptians will remain the October War, and the lowest ebb the death of Nasser. The rest, he says, including the day Hosni Mubarak stepped down and the day Mohamed Morsi was ousted, are of lesser significance.
Hussein is convinced that for Egyptians the biggest days of history were 28 September 1970 when Nasser passed away and 6 October 1973 when the armed forces managed to cross the Suez Canal and to break down the Bar Lev edifice “that we used to think was invincible”.07.27.10
European Ombudsman Confirms Refusal of Access to Secret ACTA Documents
Summary: Not even the Ombudsman can give access to a process of a conspiracy of foreign companies working to harm European people behind closed doors
EUROPE is under attack by ACTA proponents such as Pedro Valesco-Martins, Paul Rübig, and Luc Pierre Devigne. That last person was recently fired or simply decided to leave. His political career is probably tarnished due to his advocacy and defence of the ACTA, which nobody in Europe seems to actually want. According to this response to Ante Wessels
[PDF], the European Ombudsman is of no use here.
This mirrors our recent experiences with the European Ombudsman, which failed to stop American lobbyists from derailing Europe’s interests, let alone show their subversion of European documents/charters. Europe needs an Ombudsman with a strong spine in order for it to be effective and justify its existence.
The FFII has just released the statement below. █
Citizens have a clear interest in being informed about ACTA, EU Ombudsman concludes
Br.”
“This is a loophole, it is possible to force legislation upon democracies while the public can not scrutinize all documents.”
–Ante WesselsWhile.
Permalink
Send this to a friendLooks like you are using an old version of Internet Explorer - Please update your browser
Shadow of death Old Egypt Ark in Dordrecht Comet for Christmas 2013 Welcome to the family
Every parent’s worst nightmare strikes in Newtown, Connecticut.
Did you miss it? Catch last week’s News to Note or any other!
Image of ancient king who unified Egypt found etched in stone.
Full-size replica of Noah’s Ark in the Netherlands is complete.
Sungrazing comet promises a great show for Christmas 2013.
Recalibration of molecular clock marches ape-human divergence back to encompass a greater evolutionary ancestral family.
How do kids raised by same-sex gay partners fare in life? A study of a large sample of cases published this year in Social Science Research raises serious concerns. Author Mark Regnerus says his unbiased team was not concerned about politics. His results “call into question simplistic notions of ‘no differences.’” Comparing adult children raised by same-sex female partners to those raised in heterosexual and single parent homes, Regnerus concludes: also reports that products of same-sex homes have more problems with anxiety, depression, and relationship-building. The traditional family designed by God, with a stable marriage of one man and one woman, is—not surprisingly—the best choice for children and for society. These results confirm that laws permitting homosexual couples to adopt children are not good for either children or for.N. Read More »
Tag Archives: Reaction MMAFeed Subscription
Words from a wooly-headed warrior: Guess who’s back?
Follow along with Matt Metts as he prepares for his upcoming fight vs Scott Holtzman at XFC 18 - Music City Mayhem Read More »
Absolute Action MMA 25 – results and recap
Absolute Action MMA celebrated their two-year anniversary Saturday night with Absolute Action MMA 25 which took place at Sports of all Sorts in Florence, Ky. Read More »
Hardrock MMA 43 results and play by play
Hardrock MMA 43 - The Three Year Anniversary Show brings some of the best talent in the area to the Paroquet Springs Conference Center in Shepherdsville, Kentucky. Read More »
Over 20 fights on tap for Hardrock MMA 43 Feb. 4 in Shepherdsville, Ky.
Hardrock MMA 43 takes place this Saturday, Feb. 4, at at the Paroquet Springs Conference Center in Shepherdsville, Ky., and features featherweights Isaiah Ferguson vs. Tyrelle Olding in the main event. »
Brandon Demastes to make pro debut at XFC 16 against top prospect Holtzman
Top West Virginia lightweight Brandon Demastes to make his professional debut at XFC 16: High Stakes on February 10 in Knoxville, TN Read More »
Hard Rock MMA 41 LIVE results and play-by-play
The Eagle Lake Convention Center in Lawrenceburg, Ky., plays host to Hard Rock MMA 41. Two professional bouts and three amateur title fights headline this huge card with talent from all over Kentucky. Read More »
Five professional fights headline Absolute Action MMA XVIII on Saturday
Absolute Action MMA returns to its new home at Sports of All Sorts in Florence, Ky., for its 18th show this Saturday, Sept. 17. Doors open at 6:30 p.m., action starts at 7:30 p.m. Read More »
Hardrock MMA 32: LIVE results and play-by-play
ProMMAnow.com is on location at Hardrock MMA 32 to provide viewers with live results and play-by-play for one of Kentucky's longest running MMA promotions. Read More »
“Bleed Blue Brawl 2″ event play-by-play and results
Thanksgiving night, ProMMA.info’s Brian Furby attended the sophomore show of one of Kentucky’s newest MMA promotions, Bleed Blue Brawl, in Lexington, Ky. In spite of the show being scheduled on a holiday, a strong crowd came out to support some ... Read More »60" Single Bathroom Vanity with Counter Top and Sink
The Modero 60" single vanity has a simple clean design with brushed nickle hardware. It is constructed of solid wood and veneer with soft-close doors and drawers that showcase its quality. The vanity set includes counter top, backsplash, and white Vitreous China undermount sink.This week’s featured fan is Eric from Wellesley, Ma. Eric is a self professed Celtics addict, and has not missed a game since 1997. He’s been a season ticket holder for the last 8 years and has been following the Celtics since he was 10 years old. This guy truly eats, sleeps & breathes Boston [...]From the February page of this year's calendar:
It's a toxic world but you have the power to protect yourself. Feed your life from the well of sweetness. Kind words. Good books. Music that makes your spirit soar. Movies that inspire.
Susan Branch
It's a toxic world but you have the power to protect yourself. Feed your life from the well of sweetness. Kind words. Good books. Music that makes your spirit soar. Movies that inspire.
Susan Branch
I love her calendar so much :)
I do too, Erin.
I love this quote. But...I just love your header. Every time I see it it makes me smile and then I remember that you name is Nan and I smile even more.
Wise words to follow every single day.
A timely reminder of the good things around.
I like that!! I have a couple of her cookbooks, but didn't know there was a calendar.
Love that quote! Wish I were the author of those beautiful sentences. Something to live by.
I don't think she is know here in the U.K., at least I have never heard of her. I do like the quote though.
Carole
I have her calendar on my wall as we speak...she brings such beauty and joy to a weary world.
So does your blog!
Thank you, Nan ~
Catherine
Good thoughts for February in New England. I have a bunch of good books going (Nancy Mitford's biography of Madame de Pompadour, which I recommend, and Dorothy Sayers,_The Mind of the Maker_ which is brilliant. I just finished A.S. Byatt's _The Children's Book_ (very impressive) and P.D. James fragment of autobiography, _Time to be in Earnest_. I admired it and I'm guessing you will have read it and liked it to, mystery fan that you are. Of course we are also running regularly to iTunes and trying to get outside on the sunny days. And so, winter passes.
She's an awesome artist!! I love browsing through her books and even have a few scrapbook embellishments of hers!
Yes, great picture!
That looks like being my quote of the week, thank you.
Hip Chick, I was just so amazed to find this poster for sale in a 1950s diner - of course I had to buy it! Someday I'll post about the coffee info on it.
Pamela, isn't she just the best?!
Margaret, that's just what I thought.
JoAnn, it is still for sale at amazon and we are only a few weeks into the year - worth buying!
Gigi, SB is really a wonderful soul - great artist, cookbook writer, appreciator of the good in life.
Carole, I emailed you about the calendar at amazonuk!
Catherine, and I thank you!
KSV, I have the James book but haven't read it as yet. Trying to decide if I should wait till I am seventy (and freakily enough it isn't all that far away). You've been doing some great reading!
Staci, I used to love her stickers. She has such a gift. I love her kitchen pictures especially.
Katherine, I agree!
Scriptor, she is just great!
Am I alone insofar as I've never heard of Susan Branch!
And back with your post on The Pantry book (which I've ordered, incidentally) ... I'd never heard of a Hoosier cabinet until reading your post, either.
Margaret P (in the UK)
Just an addition ... I've looked up Susan Branch on Amazon. A teensy weensy bit too saccharine for my taste, a little too twiddly-twee,
Margaret P
What a great quote!
Love her art and words. Thanks for sharing this, Nan!
wonderful quote from a delightful artist - love her stuff.
Great quote. And somehow it seems easier to find joy and inspiration now that the days are longer and there is more sun!
Margaret, she is probably better known over here for her cookbooks and her art. I have one of her recipes posted here:
Jodi, Les, Susan - I really like this one and try to live by it.
Commonweeder, haven't we had a lot of sunny days recently!Todd’s and my thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of the terrible tragedy in Colorado. Our family joins others in praying for everyone affected by the evil that inexplicably took innocent lives. We wish to remind all to hold loved ones tight.
I thought invitations have not gone out yet?
Here’s how you can help out people in Color.Get your own Booksie page | Edit
Publish |
Read |
Writers |
Become a fan
Bookmark my page
Forward to a friend
RSS Feed
by Neroth27Posted: May 10, 2013I was just listening to music and it just popped into my...
by Neroth27Posted: May 10, 2013I was just listening to music and it just popped into my...Tags:life, daydreaming
Welcome to my site! I don't have any news at the moment. Stay tuned.
- Neroth27
Just a wierd New yorker, who loves hockey and Video games, that from time to time likes to write down what he's thinking.
You must be logged in to register.
Leave Comment
Cancel
About | News | Contact | Your Account | BooksieSilk | TheNextBigWriter | Self Publishing | Advertise
© 2013 TheNextBigWriter, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy.Ashley Broadway married servicewoman Lt. Col. Heather Mack in November. The couple have been together for 15 years, in which they fought a long battle against gays' discrimination in the forces.
Broadway, who joined her wife at Fort Bragg, feels very much offended after being rejected from a club for officers’ spouses. She attributes the board's decision to her being openly gay.
,” she tells NBC.
The Association of Bragg Officers' Spouses, citing that the group’s President, Mary Ring, rejected her application, blames it all on a lack of a military spouse ID.
As Broadway asked to read the club's bylaws, the group failed to send her the documentation. She went on to research the information with Fort Bragg's Morale, Welfare and Recreation office, finding out no such ID card is mentioned.
Babette Maxwell, who funded the Military Spouse Magazine and the annual Military Spouse of the Year Awards, explains their prevision was added after she applied.
The organization's regulations specify that they allow “spouses of all commissioned and warrant officers.” However, the club is a non-profit, and is not funded by the Department of Defense, therefore can set its own rules.
,” Broadway argues.
The American Military Partner Association (AMPA) have issued a statement, noting they are “disappointed to see such exclusion.” Fort Bragg Col. Jeffrey Sanborn, the Garrison commander has agreed to meet with Broadway to discuss “the discrimination she is facing.”
“The Fort Bragg Officers’ Spouse Club would not need to review the membership requirements if they had not changed the membership qualifications after Ms. Broadway requested to join their association,” the AMPA adds.Category: Financial Services
What Is The Difference Between Business Analysts and Financial Analysts?
How Do I Start A Business Analyst Career?
Question
Does anyone think me getting a CPA/Masters in Finance to become a Business Analyst a good idea?
Analyst and research seem to be jobs suitable for an introvert.
I prefer to not have consistent interaction with people but can communicate well regularly.
I think this combination of Business/Accounting/Finance and I.T. touch on all the careers I have soon that are good for introverts.
Does anyone agree?
Category: Financial Analysts, Financial Services
how to qualify for ba role in retail banking
I am currently working with a Bank as a Relationship Manager.
I am presently looking for a change in profile. I am interested in the role of a Business Analyst.
There are openings for Business Analyst in Retail Banking Domain.
I have 4 years of experience in Retail Banking Sales but no IT experience.
I would like to know if I would qualify for a BA role and how I would have to prepare for the interview.
Awaiting your expert advice.
Category: Banking, Business Analyst Training, Domain Business Analyst Coaching, Domain Business Analyst Training, Financial Services, online business analyst training
i lack guidance for excelling as a business analyst
I need help with:
The lack of knowledge of the field for making into Banking, Financial Services & Insurance (BFSI) sector
Absence of Big Brand Company in my CV
Lack of Guidance for excelling in the field of Business Analyst
Answer
Generally speaking a business analyst is there to bridge a gap to solve a problem and meet business’ needs. This gap is usually between business and Information Technology (IT).
However, the career of a business analyst encompasses a variety of specific titles and expectations that vary from company to company.
Category: Banking, Business Analyst Careers, business analyst interview questions and answers, Coaching, Domain Business Analyst Coaching, Financial Services, Insurance, online business analyst training, Resumes
Is a Banking Job Helpful for Starting A Business Analyst Job?
Ask A BA Question
Presently i am working in a Bank as an Assistant Manager since Oct, 2009 but I want to become a Business Analyst.
So kindly confirm if my experience is useful for a Business Analyst job or shall i do any certification courses in addition to the experience.
And suggest to me the best path to becoming a Business Analyst based on my academic information.
Thanks in advance.
Category: Banking Business Analyst Training, Career Transition, CBAP Training, Financial ServicesTHE MUCH-HYPED TRIAL OF 'THE BLACK WIDOW' (HEATHER LOCKLEAR) GETS UNDERWAY, ON ABC'S "BOSTON LEGAL"
"Schadenfreude" - In the midst of a media circus, the murder trial of Kelly Nolan (Heather Locklear), AKA 'The Black Widow,' gets underway with defense team Alan Shore, Brad Chase and Denny Crane. Can they pull off an acquittal in this seemingly un-winnable case, with the media playing judge and jury and a defendant who is unapologetically cold as ice? Meanwhile Denise Bauer, intent on avoiding alimony payment to her soon-to-be-ex-husband, enlists the help of junior associates Garrett Wells and Sara Holt to challenge the constitutionality of no-fault divorce; Holmes , on "Boston Legal," TUESDAY,OCTOBER are Heather Locklear as Kelly Nolan, Betty White as Catherine Piper, Rupert Everett as Malcolm Holmes, Anthony Heald as Judge Harvey Cooper, Shawn Christian as Tim Bauer, Leslie Jordan as Bernard Ferrion, Gregory Itzen as A.D.A. Todd Milken, Charles Chun as Dr. Jeffrey Wong, Vic Polizos as Detective Frank Richmond, Diane Kim as reporter, Russell Andrews as Johnny Damon, Francesca P. Roberts as Judge Jamie Atkinson, Helen Eigenberg as Atty. Tompkins, Paul Perri as Ronald Emmerich, Glen Walker as anchorman, John Thaddeus as Detective John Stephenson, Michael Brownlee as reporter no. 2, Derrick McMillan as security guard, Jill Brennan as Gracie Jane, Kurt Fuller as Reverend Donald Diddum, John Berg as Judge Robert Hober, Jason Brooks as Justin Murray, Ellen Crawford as Frances Stadler and Hugh Holub as jury foreperson.
"Schadenfreude" was written by David E. Kelley and directed by Arlene Sanford.
"Boston Legal" is broadcast in 720 Progressive (720P), ABC's selected HDTV format, with 5.1-channel surround sound and Spanish subtitles via CC3.
A TV parental guideline will be assigned closer to airdate.Can you believe that lady? High ideals are all well and good, but she knew the rules. So unprofessional! She didn’t have to take that bus. If you don’t like the rules, don’t ride the bus. I’m an industry professional, and I give up my seat all the time – that’s what “professional” means. What if it were YOUR bus? You certainly wouldn’t want just any riff-raff riding it as they pleased. Plus if she’s so great, she should have raised $220,000 for skin-lightening cream – problem solved. Or buy her own bus! But no, she thinks she’s so special. What a whiner.
Too bad people forget the story of Rosa Parks – but then it’s been hard to see the documentary Eyes on the Prize over the past decade, thanks to unconstitutional copyright laws.
Can you believe that lady? High ideals are all well and good, but she knew the rules. So unprofessional! She didn’t have to take that bus. If you don’t like...
The difference between Rosa Parks’ actions and your actions if you were to distribute Sita Sings the Blues is that Rosa Parks didn’t break any laws but you would be breaking the law. In Rosa Parks’ case, the law said that “no passengers would be required to move or give up their seat and stand if the bus was crowded and no other seats were available” so she was within her rights as defined by law. However, a social norm had developed – “bus drivers had adopted the practice of requiring black riders to move whenever there were no white only seats left”. Rosa Parks violated the social norm, but did not break the law. Although she was found guilty of disorderly conduct, that indicates an unjust court, not a problem with the codified laws (though there were, of course, problems with the laws).
From what I understand of the situation with Sita Sings the Blues, the law clearly states that distributing it without paying the required (and outlandish) synch fees is illegal. So you would be violating the codified law, not just violating a social norm like Rosa Parks.
The point I’m trying to make is that you should not compare your situation with that of Rosa Parks because they are quite different. Rosa Parks violated a social norm, while you would be committing civil disobedience if you distributed Sita Sings the Blues.
I’m not saying that the laws are right or that you should avoid civil disobedience at all costs; I’m just pointing out that Rosa Parks fought injustice through violating unjust social norms, not through violating unjust laws.
It is true that Parks’ specific action was refusing to leave her row in the “colored” rear of the bus as the bus became full. She wasn’t required by law to give up her “colored” seat, so not moving when the bus became crowded with whites was technically not civil disobedience.
However her refusal to move brought national attention to the segregation of local buses, which was still legal:
“neither the Supreme Court’s Morgan ruling nor the ICC’s Keys ruling addressed the matter of Jim Crow travel within the individual states.” (link)
So it was legal to have “colored” sections in the backs of buses, and require “coloreds” to sit in them, even in an uncrowded bus. In the popular imagination, Parks is remembered as “sitting in the front of the bus.” She is thought of as a civil dissident. But you are right, her greatest act remembered as civil disobedience, technically wasn’t. She did get arrested for it though.
I am unlikely to be arrested for my civil disobedience, which is another important difference. In fact I am likely to work out a deal with the corporations. But I still hope to draw attention to the unjustness, immorality and unconstitutionality of what copyright law has become. Just because my film might get through, doesn’t make it OK that the laws are this hostile to art in general. I’m not the only poor filmmaker out there who should be making art instead of dealing with this crap.
It’s silly to argue that the difference between Rosa Parks and Nina Paley is that Parks didn’t break the law; Parks was found guilty of disturbing the peace.
Heh. And just so’s ya knows, the above post is a metaphor:
1. a figure of speech in which a term or phrase is applied to something to which it is not literally applicable in order to suggest a resemblance, as in “A mighty fortress is our God.”
I am not literally Rosa Parks; there are innumerable differences between my situation and Rosa Parks'; these differences do not change my argument as illustrated by the metaphor, above.
Another metaphor is in the phrase Intellectual Property, which applies the not-literally-applicable term property to culture. Some definitions of property:
2. goods, land, etc., considered as possessions: The corporation is a means for the common ownership of property.
3. a piece of land or real estate: property on Main Street.
Intellectual Property isn’t real estate, but people are so confused by the metaphor they apply the same laws!
Let October be Metaphor Awareness Month.
Being found guilty of disturbing the peace does not mean Rosa Parks broke the law. As I mentioned, the court was unjust – they found Parks guilty out of spite, not because she actually broke a law.
My comment may seem nitpicky, but for me there is a big difference between breaking social norms and civil disobedience. I don’t believe a person in any society should be under an obligation to keep social norms. But I do believe that a person should only commit civil disobedience in the most extreme of circumstances. So for me, there is a big difference between the two.
If you don’t hold the same view, that’s fine; I just want to clarify why I commented for those who are wondering.
“My comment may seem nitpicky”… Gee I don’t think I’d use that word. I think “bullshit” is much, much more accurate.Bob Friday.
Incumbent Kristin Szakos won the most votes in the June 11 primary—1,370—securing her spot on the Democratic ticket. But Fenwick, a 68-year-old contractor who unsuccessfully ran as an independent in 2008 and 2011, and Bellamy, 26-year-old teacher and youth advocate, each received 1,088 votes, which led to an almost unprecedented three-day wait for a provisional ballot count before the final results came in.
After a two-hour electoral board meeting the following morning during which six provisional ballots were tallied, Fenwick had the lead over Bellamy with three extra votes, but with four outstanding provisional ballots cast by voters who showed up at the polls without identification, it still could have been anybody’s race. Three of those four ballots were counted Friday, with two more votes going to Fenwick and none to Bellamy.
“Now that the drama’s over, it’s time to get back to work,” Fenwick said.Date: Sep 26, 2013 1:08 PM Author: Narasimham Subject: next term in sequence 1,3,8,120,... is a series such that product of any two is one less for a perfect square.
The next number is quite big, what is it and more importantly, how is it found? (complexity increase as the numbers of cross-products increase).
Regards,
NarasimhamProposed modification of the Cheyenne Military Operations Area
Draft Environmental Assessment of airspace proposal available for review
by Capt. Darin Overstreet
Colorado National Guard Public Affairs
5/1/2012 -
CENTENNIAL, Colo.
-- A draft environmental assessment for a proposed modification of the Cheyenne military operations area airspace in eastern Colorado and western Kansas will be available for public review May 1.
The environmental assessment evaluated the potential environmental impacts associated with the proposed action.
The shaded area on the map represents the current Cheyenne Low and High military operations areas. The outlined area represents the proposed Cougar Low and High and Bobcat High military operations areas and reflects mitigation due to commercial and general aviation traffic into and out of the airports in Goodland and Colby, Kan.
Under this airspace proposal, the Colorado counties of Cheyenne, Kiowa and Kit Carson, and the Kansas counties of Greeley, Logan, Scott, Wallace and Wichita, will underlie the new military operations areas.
The density of aircraft will decrease and the flight floor will rise from 300 to 500 feet above ground level in the military operations area. This change will mean less noise experienced on the ground than under current conditions.
Within the military operations areas, outside the exclusion bubbles, military aircraft would fly no lower than 1,000 feet above ground level at night, and as high as 18,000 feet above mean sea level.
Modification of the Cheyenne military operations areas will meet the need for an optimal training environment using a regularly-shaped airspace, enabling the primary military user of the airspace, the 140th Wing of the Colorado Air National Guard (which flies the F-16C+ fighter jet), to employ the full capability of aircraft weapon systems to conduct realistic, mission-oriented training to meet military readiness requirements, prepare for deployments as an Air Expeditionary Force in support of ground troops in Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan, and train to effectively counter 21st-century threats.
The 140th Wing, through consultation with Native American tribes, agreed to maintain a 5-nautical mile radius buffer around the center of the Sand Creek Massacre National Historical Site, Colo., with a flight floor of 5,000 feet above ground level. The current 1,500 feet above ground level flight exclusion bubble within five nautical miles of the Cheyenne Wells airfield, Colo., will be maintained.
"The Colorado National Guard coordinated this proposal with our neighbors in Colorado and Kansas to achieve mutual benefit," said Adjutant General of Colorado Maj. Gen. Mike Edwards. "This military operations area is a national airspace asset, and our military readiness depends on pilots being able to experience realistic, mission-oriented training before they're put in harm's way."
The 140th Wing conducts joint tactical training in the military operations area with the 190th Air Refueling Wing, Kansas Air National Guard, based in Topeka, Kan., to meet annual training requirements.
The 140th Wing, based at Buckley Air Force Base, Colo., is the only centrally-located alert fighter location in the U.S., protecting our homeland 24/7/365 at a quarter of the cost of a similar active duty unit. Citizen-Airmen guard our communities, state and nation by responding rapidly to potential air threats over U.S. cities in support of Operation Noble Eagle, the military response to the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
During the 30-day public comment period beginning May 1, the public may submit comments on the draft environmental assessment which can be accessed on the Colorado National Guard website; via a link on the Colorado Air National Guard's 140th Wing website; via a link on the Kansas National Guard's website or at public libraries in the affected counties.
Comments on the draft environmental assessment should be submitted to Joint Force Headquarters-Colorado Public Affairs Office by mail, email or fax to:
JFHQ-CO/PAO
6848 S. Revere Pkwy.
Centennial, CO 80112
ngcopao@ng.army.mil
Subject: Public Comment Cheyenne MOADid anyone else notice today's moofi tab (8/11/10)?
Did anyone else notice the text in today's moofi tab (8/10/11)? The text was printed upside down and backwards. Unfortunately, it did not contain a secret Woot-off or BOC link.
The text is always printed upside and backwards, was there something different about today?
@gmartell: There have been a few of them recently. Woot has a few sites that are associated with them that they don't really advertise much. Moofi is one, and wootoffkiller is another one.
How have I missed this?!??
WFTZOMGBBQ!
Awesomeness!
4 Answers answer
Sort By:The B&Q&Q Customer Service. CCS have no association with the B&Q or business you are calling.
We provide a value added service where you find B&Q information, maps, business overview information, wikipedia B&Q link information and a telephone number linking you to B&Q customer services. There may be a free alternative number located on the B&Q web site.
We hope you enjoy using our service
B&Q location Information:-
Satellite Navigation location and contact information for B&Q , Postcode: LN6 7DJ
B&Q Business Information:-
A DIY and home improvement retailing company
B&Q Wikipedia Information:-
For more specific detailed information click to get directed to the B&Q Wikipedia information
here
B&Q Official Website:-
The B&Q&Q company or business you are calling.
CCS Service provide Breeflex Ltd, Agiou Andreou, 332, Patrician Chambers, P.C. 3035, Limassol, CyprusThe 24 Hour Fitness Blog
Five Health & Fitness Tips for You and the Planet
Happy #EarthDay2014! Check out these five health and fitness tips that’ll improve your health while while helping you do something good for the planet! #reasons2exercise
- Go Loco for Local
Buy your healthy fruits and veggies at the local farmer’s market for fresher, more nutritious produce that wasn’t trucked in from far away.
- Biking
Hitting the road on a bike is a great way to get outside and enjoy Mother Nature while burning calories. The average person burns more than 300 calories per hour while biking at a casual pace. To find out how many calories you burn while biking or doing other activities, check out our Calorie Burn Calculator.
- Trash Walk, not Trash Talk
Grab a buddy and some plastic gloves and hit the beach or park for a walk. Pick up as you go and you’ll feel great from your cardio workout and from helping clean up your neighborhood.
- Ditch the Bottle
We all need more water but all the empties fill up landfills and wreck havoc on the ozone layer. Recycling helps but the energy to produce, fill and ship bottled water could be saved with just a little effort. Plan ahead, buy some re-useable bottles and get in the habit of carrying one along all the time.
- The Laundry Workout
It’s not that often that something is free, saves energy, checks off a chore AND has health benefits. Throwing clothes in the dryer burns some calories but the repetition of bending, squatting and lifting laundry to hang-dry on the clothesline burns many more and builds muscle.
TIP: to fix stiff, air-dried clothes, pop them in the dryer with a fabric sheet and fluff for 10 minutes.
SearchChris E Ryman
Director
Address:
Houston, Texas
Phone: 713.653.7345
Construction/Surety Law
Litigation
Real Estate Law
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Commercial Litigation
Download Attorney Profile
Chris has been a Director with Coats Rose since 1990, and over thirty years of experience to bear for the Firm’s clients. He handles general civil litigation, mediation and arbitration matters, with a specialty in construction, real estate, commercial and business litigation.
After receiving his degree from the University of Houston Law Center, Chris spent three years as an Associate at Leonard, Koehn, Rose & Hurt. In 1982, he co-founded the Firm of Rose & Ryman as a Partner, and in 1990 his Firm was merged with Coats Rose.
Chris was a participant in legislation relating to the Texas Residential Construction Liability Act. He has received Advanced Mediator Training at the Attorney-Mediators Institute, and Commercial and Construction Arbitration Training at the American Arbitration Association. He was also Board Certified in 1987 by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization, Civil Trial Law. Chris has been recognized as a Texas Best Lawyer and Texas Super Lawyer (2009-2012).
He is father to Audrey, Rachel and Katherine Ryman.
Chris has represented owners, homebuilders, architects, engineers, design professionals, general contractors and subcontractors involved in commercial and residential construction disputes; represented individuals, equipment lessors and financial institutions in collection, foreclosure and lender liability disputes; and defended individuals and companies in tort claims and construction accidents. His construction law practice includes all types of commercial and residential claims, litigation and arbitration. Chris’s tort litigation experience includes construction accidents, premises and product liability claims. He has also handled commercial litigation, business litigation, real estate litigation and frequently serves as an arbitrator and mediator in all types of disputes.
Published Appellate Cases:
I have known Chris for over 10 years and I am proud to call him my lawyer. He represented my company and recovered $20,075,000.00 in a complex multi-party construction dispute against a Fortune 500 company. He has honesty and integrity in all situations and is masterful with his jury arguments. I am confident he would be an asset to any organization that needs a skilled advocate. Thank you.
Timothy Alcott – Director of Legal Services for the San Antonio Housing'Ricci on Glissando: The Shortcut to Violin Technique,' by Ruggiero Ricci, Edited by Gregory H. Zayia (Indiana University Press, with DVD, $34.95)
The book offers solutions to common shifting problems by using the study of glissando technique
The prolific violinist Ruggiero Ricci's career has spanned more than 75 years, during which time he is believed to have played more concerts and produced more recordings than any violinist past or present. Now he has released a book on left-hand violin technique that utilizes his wealth of experience. The book offers solutions to common shifting problems by using the study of glissando technique. As Ricci states in his preface, he uses Paganini's 24 Caprices as the basis of his technique; in teaching them, he offers a "shortcut" that is a one-finger, or glissando, fingering system. This fingering system was cultivated in the pre-chinrest era during which Paganini played, but fell out of use after the invention of the chinrest and has been neglected ever since.
Ricci makes an effort to address the new and old fingering systems and urges players to study the old system in order to truly master the fingerboard. Chock-full of notated examples and excerpts from the caprices, and reinforced with fingerings, exercises, scales, and text by Ricci, this book will encourage violinists to rethink their shifting practices. The music and text are easy to read, and pictures are occasionally included to demonstrate technique. The book includes a DVD on bowing and right-hand technique, although this guide is really for those who are interested in left-hand technique and the development of their shifting.
1The St. Charles Parish Library will host two events at the beginning of June to kick off its "Literary Elements" summer reading program for adults. "Book Buzz," a presentation by Sharon Parker of Random House Publishers, will be held June 3 at 10 a.m. at the East Regional Library, 160 W. Campus Dr. in Destrehan, and again at 2 p.m. at the West Regional Library, 105 Lakewood Dr. in Luling.
Parker will discuss upcoming titles being published by Random House and give attendees a sneak peak at sure-to-be bestsellers. Everyone will receive copies of select books, tote bags, and handouts free of charge.
The library will host its first after-hours event for adults, After Hours @ the Library, at the West Regional Library, 105 Lakewood Dr., on Friday, June 13 from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. This event is cosponsored by the Friends of the St. Charles Library.
The creators of the "Kentucky Sweets" cookbook, author Sarah Baird and illustrator Chase Chauffe, will discuss the creation of their cookbook. There will also be a Planetarium expo, book sale, refreshments, and door prizes.
"We are very excited about this event," said Lauren Pitz, Public Relations and Adult Programming Librarian. "We are in our third year of having a summer reading program for adults in addition to our programs for children, tweens, and teens. This after-hours event is just one more way to remind everyone that the St. Charles Parish Library has events and services for all ages."
Attendees must be 18 years of age or older, and registration is requested. RSVP by calling the West Regional Library at 985-785-8471.
All St. Charles Parish Library events are free of charge and open to the public. Registration in the summer reading program is not necessary to attend events.
For additional information about these events or any others, call Lauren Pitz at 985-764-2366 or email lauren.pitz@myscpl.orgMember Profile
Shonda (Shonda )
Sweet Brown BBQ Lime Chicken
We had so much fun Crockin’ with Internet sensation Sweet Brown! We made a simple recipe combining Sweet Brown’s favorites – a cold pop (yes,...
Larry’s Healthy Muscle-building Fat-burning Meal
BIG thanks to Larry North for coming on and sharing this incredibly easy and incredibly healthy meal! The best thing about this meal is everything is optional,...
Fiesta chicken and rice soup
This delicious and hearty soup is perfect for Crockin' cLean!
Cabbage Patch Soup
Grandma’s cookin’ and childhood toys sure bring back lots of warm fuzzies! Here is a yummy Cabbage Patch Soup recipe that is a combination of both!...
Homemade Cream of Chicken Soup
Homemade cream of chicken soup, healthy alternative to processed cream of chicken soup, simple ingredients, healthy soup
No Bake Spaghetti
Another one of my (Nicole) family favorites that I couldn’t resist the urge to crock! A lighter pasta dish when you are tired of cooking the same old thing....
Cowboy Chicken
Cowboy Chicken – A delicious recipe for the slow cooker.
Chicken and Sweet Potato Stew
Chicken and Sweet Potato StewDelaware, Are You Aware?
Share this:
"Delaware, Are You Aware?"
I was a bit surprised, in light of his running mate, to hear Barack Obama making reference to Delaware’s lax regulatory environment. But I think it’s a good pretext to repost my Joe Biden / Promise Ring mashup video:
Just saying.The Newsgathering department is at the heart of BBC News. It provides live coverage and news reports to all television, radio and interactive BBC News outlets.
It is the world's largest broadcast newsgathering operation with 41 international bureaux and seven across the UK and Ireland. In 2003, we reported from more than 170 countries.
Newsgathering has about 700 staff, the vast majority of whom are journalists.
They are the correspondents you see and hear across BBC News services and the crews and producers you don't see, arranging and putting the output together behind the scenes.
How do you help cover the news?
In the United Kingdom Newsgathering's correspondents and production staff cover both general news and the whole range of specialist subjects.
Our specialist correspondents and producers provide authoritative and informative journalism across all aspects of British life.
Our main specialist areas are Home Affairs, Education, Health, Science and Environment, Sport and Culture. Correspondents report across a range of programmes and media.
Our specialist correspondents and producers provide authoritative and informative journalism across all aspects of British life.
There are also reporting teams working closely with colleagues from BBC Nations and Regions in bureaux in Scotland, Northern Ireland, Wales and in the North of England, the Midlands and the West.
The Business and Economics Centre produces 11 hours of business programming a day including Working Lunch on BBC2, Wake Up to Money on Radio Five Live, Business Today on News 24 and World Business Report for BBC World and World Business Review for World Service.
How about overseas?.
Who works behind the scenes?
The resources and development team is responsible for negotiating and managing all of Newsgathering's resources deals in the UK and throughout the world - from shoot/edit crews and editing to fibre optics and satellite transponders.
The team also looks after the infrastructure of the overseas bureaux and is responsible for making sure the department identifies and makes full use of the latest newsgathering technology.- Color: Purples Remove This Item
- Material: Wool Remove This Item
- Shape: Runner Remove This Item
Size
- › Bordered (1)
- › Floral (1)
- › Large: 8'-10' (4)
- › Large: 8'-11' (8)
- › Medium 5' - 8' (3)
- › Medium: 5'-8' (5)
- › Oversize: Over 11' (2)
- › Runner (7)
- › Small: Under 5' (2)
Style
- › Contemporary (1)
Nourison
Nourison Nepal Collection NEP11 SandStarting at: $369.00
Nourison Calvin Klein CK203 Haze HAC01 ElderStarting at: $249.00
Nourison Calvin Klein CK32 Maya MAY53 OrchidStarting at: $399.00
Nourison Silk Shadows Collection SHA10 AmethystStarting at: $979.00
Nourison -Nourison 2000 Collection 2022 LavenderStarting at: $169.00
Nourison Calvin Klein CK19 Urban ARB01 IndigoStarting at: $169.00
Nourison Calvin Klein CK32 Maya MAY52 WineberryStarting at: $399.
He actually used the Parham after he had became a US Champion, so it obviously wasn't as a kid. Also, he stated he still believed 2. Qh5 had potential..
but a6 isn't very good either, it kind of is like "skipping" a move. And you move the queen twice, but they have to do g6 to do that. The knight they have on f6 is tricky business if black isn't careful....
pfren, I agree that this is dumb against the sicilian, because e6 puts it out.
However, to disagree with joeydvivre, Nakamura drew with a GM, if the opening was as "shitty" as you claim, then a GM should have EASILY crushed Nakamura with it. Also, I am not a GM, neither are any of you, so we're not going to have perfect play, so that doesn't really matter.
Tal would play those simuls against patzers, not freaking GM's, so of course he would win dipshit. And as you said, Tal called h4 a bad opening, I agree, Nakamura called 2. Qh5 a good opening, I also agree.
I'm pretty sure Nakamura knows a hell of a lot more than you do, so why don't you shut your trap, and learn about what you're talking about before you go being a dickhead to people..
Actually, Nakamura said he had that game one and made an error in the midgame, so it had nothing to do with the opening. And yes, pfren did claim this was "shit". And you're saying a suprise factor means it's shitty? That's a good thing dummy, as I already said.
Actually, you said that it's a suprise factor becaue its shitty, and nakamura released a statement syaing he blundered..
I.
Jetfigher, you're not one of the best players of all time. Fischer said this sucks, and obviously if you are rated 1300 you don't do too well with it either. I don't see you following in Fischer's footsteps...
How would you know? You've never played it :p
no, the parham lol
!Northern Ireland corporation tax: Supporters optimistic
- 2 June 2014
- From the section Northern Ireland
Supporters of the devolution of corporation tax to Northern Ireland have expressed growing optimism that the power will be in place by 2017.
Stormont wants to be able to match the 12.5% tax rate in the Republic of Ireland.
The optimism comes despite an assertion by the Conservative Party in Scotland that corporation tax was "the least suitable of all taxes for devolution".
That conclusion is contained in the party's Scottish devolution commission.
The commission is chaired by Lord Strathclyde, former leader of the House of Lords.
It said that corporation tax was "not economical to collect on a small scale" and "does not generate a reliable yield".
It also asserts that "devolution would be complex in law".
Before parliament
However, the BBC understands that HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) have almost completed detailed technical work on corporation tax devolution for Northern Ireland.
HMRC is preparing advice for government lawyers who will draft the legislation which can then be brought before parliament before the end of 2014.
The most likely time for an announcement from the Westminster government is around the time of the Chancellor's autumn statement.
That will leave a tight legislative timetable as the UK general election is in May 2015.
Stormont would then have to pass its own legislation to introduce the reduced rate.
Supporters of the proposal are confident that they have the support of the prime minister but have cautioned that there are still some political uncertainties.
Complicating factors
Last year the prime minister 'parked' the decision on corporation tax until after September's Scottish independence referendum.
The referendum outcome that would be most complicated is a 'narrow no' as that could open up a broader debate about devolution of taxation powers across the UK.
Other complicating factors include Stormont's failure to reach agreement on implementing welfare reform and an increasingly tough public spending environment.
European rules mean that Stormont would have to compensate the Treasury for any tax reduction by handing back a portion of its annual budget.
The budget reduction could be as much as £400m per year, which could be a controversial political decision if it comes at a time of spending cuts.
However, supporters believe the economic boost to Northern Ireland from inward investment would outweigh the cost to the public purse.I have spent far too much time in North Carolina this summer. Okay, I guess you can never have enough time at the beach or with friends, but I’ve been three separate times this summer after not going there in yeeeears. And that was a lie after I thought about it for five seconds. I was in Asheville and Charlotte twice last year. Get it together, Elizabeth!
First off, there was the weekend trip to Charlotte to visit Elizabeth at the end of June:
After what was possibly the worst drive ever through hours and hours of traffic and three huge thunderstorms, we arrived with dead cell phones and no way to get into Elizabeth’s apartment (nor did we know the apartment number). Devon and I headed to The Diamond, a diner across the street to borrow an outlet to charge our phones; while we waiting we feasted on delicious gravy fries and much needed beers. We finally has enough phone power to call her and let her know we had safely arrived and not floated away in the flooded streets. What did we do before cell phones?!
The next day we headed to Cabo Fish Taco for lunch since it’s my favorite place ever (there is one in Blacksburg, obviously my preferred location). BBQ Mahi tacos are the best ever. For reals.
After lunch, we went to three breweries located in the NoDa neighborhood. First up, Heist Brewery!
This was probably my favorite of the day–they had a great selection and our bartender was awesome. Next up was NoDa Brewing Company. Not as good beer-wise in my humble opinion, but a cute little space and I loved their little tasting trays.
Lastly, we went to….Birdsong Brewing Company. I had to search for this one because I forgot the name. I guess it left a lasting impression. They did have some sort of jalapeno beer that tasted interesting and you got peanuts to snack on.
After an afternoon of many 4oz. beers, we went to relax for a bit before heading to dinner at Dandelion Market with a few other friends. We got to sit at a huge table in the middle of the room and ended up playing Kings using someone’s phone. Random, but all of their wine was $25/bottle. Why don’t more places do that? We ended the night dancing down the street at RiRa–it was a great night.
After brunch the next day at Zada Jane’s, we hit the road for a much less eventful ride home. We decided to take 29 back home–a slightly longer trip but worth it to avoid the hell that is 95. More travels coming soon…
{ 1 comment… read it below or add one }!)28 - Federal Health Plan Contraceptive Coverage Amendment - Key Vote
National Key Votes
Stages
Family
- HR 4104 - Appropriations bill FY99, Treasury, Postal Service
- H Amdt 723 - Increase FEC Funding
- H Amdt 728 - Federal Health Plan Contraceptive Coverage Amendment
- SB 10 - Alcoholic Beverage Sales on Sundays
Issues
Stage Details
Amendment - Amendment Adopted (House) (224-198) - July 16, 1998(Key vote)
Title: Federal Health Plan Contraceptive Coverage Amendment
Vote Result
Yea Votes
Nay Votes
Vote Smart's Synopsis:
Vote to pass an amendment to prohibit funding any federal health plan that does not offer contraceptive coverage with an exception made for certain religious based plans.
Amendment - Introduced (House) - July 16, 1998
Title: Federal Health Plan Contraceptive Coverage AmendmentTuesday Oct 07 2008
Disposal day to boost awareness
By: Bruce Warren Journal Staff Writer
Ben Furtado/Auburn Journal
Here?s an entire shelf of medications that should not be dumped down the drain or in your toilet after they become outdated.
Here?s an entire shelf of medications that should not be dumped down the drain or in your toilet after they become outdated.
Ben Furtado/Auburn Journal
Sally Borton of Auburn Drug displays a wide range of medications that can be safely disposed of on Saturday at city hall as part of the statewide initiative ?No Drugs Down the Drain Week.?
Sally Borton of Auburn Drug displays a wide range of medications that can be safely disposed of on Saturday at city hall as part of the statewide initiative ?No Drugs Down the Drain Week.?
The state Legislature has proclaimed Oct. 4-11 as “No Drugs Down the Drain Week” and Auburn will participate in the awareness drive. Area residents wishing to safely dispose of outdated household medicines can do so from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday at the Auburn City Hall parking lot on Lincoln Way. The Transfer Station on Shale Ridge Road does not offer this service, according to Michelle White, an environmental resource specialist with Placer County. However, Western Placer Waste Management Authority on Fiddyment Road in Roseville offers free disposal of pharmaceuticals and sharps to individuals only, not facilities such as medical clinics or veterinarians. The facility is open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., seven days a week. An investigation by the Associated Press revealed that the drinking water of at least 41 million Americans is contaminated with pharmaceutical drugs. Flushing medications down the toilet will contaminate streams and ground water and also affect fish and wildlife. “Several studies have shown that exposure to pharmaceuticals can result in abnormal development and reproduction for fish and other wildlife,” White said. “The threshold of exposure for this is very low. Other studies have shown that it has been related to skewing gender ratios of fish and their sex characteristics. That’s where male fish begin to display female characteristics.” Disposing of outdated household drugs can be a costly procedure for pharmacies. Auburn Drug Company on Lincoln Way is one of many pharmacies statewide that do not offer that service. “We’re too busy and it’s too expensive of a problem to get into,” said Charlie Fink, owner of Auburn Drug. “With the narcotic problems, we just don’t want to get into it. It’s just too much paperwork to get involved in.” Placer County, the City of Auburn and City of Roseville are all sponsoring two free drop-off events for unused and expired medications as part of “No Drugs Down the Drain Week.” Collection sites are open to Placer County residents. Any medication can be brought for disposal except syringes or sharps, according to White. “As far as I am aware of this is our first pharmaceutical-only event,” White said of the drop-off at city hall. Auburn resident Rick Salaices, who was sipping some coffee in downtown Auburn Tuesday, said he sees value in the program. “It will bring awareness to people to be more responsible,” Salaices said. “It’s good to be more aware of what we’re doing to our environment.” Placer County sponsored a hazardous household waste disposal collection in Foresthill and Colfax last summer where expired and unused medications were accepted. Other organizations involved with the public outreach awareness program are the California Association of Sanitation Agencies along with state and regional waters boards. Placer County is participating as a member of the Central Valley Clean Water Association.contact me: on Twitter
…..For me, the D & D fits the bill for casual and fun dining, good service, great food, awesome t-shirts and a comfortable atmosphere. Whether you are looking for a casual spot to kick back after a day on the beach or maybe a spot to re-charge after a long day of work, the Dog and Duck is a solid option. I'm not sure what attracts me most to the D & D, maybe it's the laid back locals-only kind of feel or the fact that not only is your pooch welcome there, he even gets his own water bowl delivered to your table by the waitress.
The menu at the Dog and Duck is unique and offers a variety of food choices. Some of my personal favorites are the yardbird wings, double dunked of course. I especially like the house garlic variety, they are dunked in batter, seasoned and deep fried, then dunked, seasoned and fried a second time resulting in an incredible tasty chicken wing. Often I will combine the wings with an order of German JoJo Potatoes, a cross between a potatoe skin and a twice baked potatoe tossed with green onions, bacon and smothered with melted cheese.
If salads are more your style, your mouth will be watering over the bacon double cheeseburger salad, it's healthier than it sounds and even includes toasted sesame seeds and a dill pickle spear on the side. As good as the wings and salads are, this joint is famous for their creative sandwiches and burgers. My vote for the most original is cast for the Hillbilly Cheeseburger, get this, a thick slab of fried bologna on sourdough bread, dressed up like a cheeseburger, my idea of a real cheeseburger in paradise. Of course, one of my favorite sandwiches is The Golf Club (don't forget who is writing this blog anyway).
One other reason to love the Dog and Duck, as if outdoor seating and being accompanied by man's best friend isn't enough, is the make your own bloody mary bar on Sundays. I have found it is a great way to kick off a Steelers football Sunday, and if you don't like your drink, you have nobody to blame but yourself.
Great weather, great fun and great places to eat like The Dog and Duck, part of why we LOVE life here From The Land of Palm Trees. No matter where you are today, or what you are eating, have a great day. And the next time you are in The Lowcountry, check out one of the Dog and Duck locations, you can thank me later.
RSS Feeds & Subscriptions.
Need an RSS reader to keep track of your feeds from LSA and elsewhere? Try one of the following popular news readers:
- Alternatives to Google Reader
- myYahoo
- Firefox Reader Plug-ins
- Feedly
- FeedDemon (for Windows only)
- NetNewsWire (for Mac, iPad, iPhone only).
Managing Your Subscription to LSA Today Emails
Four times per year, LSA emails a summary of our web exclusives on how alumni, faculty, and students are making the Michigan Difference. To begin receiving LSA Today emails quarterly, fill out the form here. To unsubscribe from mailings, please email us at LSA-Today@umich.edu with "unsubscribe" as the subject line.
Don't have Permission to Edit my Forum
Hi
I just installed BBPress and created a forum but I don’t have permission to edit it! I can’t find a setting to fix this.
Does anyone know how to resolve this?
Thanks
Olivia
Viewing 1 replies (of 1 total)
Viewing 1 replies (of 1 total)
- You must be logged in to reply to this topic.Library Journal Reviews
Previews, Reviews, and Collection Development
The best Christian fiction of 2013.
Reviews of When Mockingbirds Sing, The Well, The Outcast, plus a full list of titles from the June 15 issue.
Return to top of page
Copyright © 2015 · Lifestyle Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
LJ Reviews Social ClubI went to the Dave Moulton site, and according to my body size, inseam, foot size, etc., I came up with 54cm as being my correct frame size. I have read where Kona Jakes run large, so I'm wondering if the 54cm is correct. Anyone have experience with these bikes?
I have a line on a used one.If you have ever planned a children's birthday party or get together you will know how difficult it is to come up with an idea that is slightly different. Well...BakingBar may just have an answer for you. A Children's Tea Party but with a difference, no tea! Instead of tea the teapots are full of tasty icing and instead of sugar lumps there are coloured sugars and other decorations. Its a party where children can build their very own buns, of course with less mess to tidy up after!
The buns are actually squares from a tray bake cake, making it even easier and less faff than making cupcakes.
The Ingredients:
The Cakes:
110g NEILL'S® Self Raising Flour
110g Caster Sugar
110g Butter
1tsp Vanilla Extract
1tsp Baking Powder
2 Eggs
The Icing:
200g Icing Sugar
50ml Warm Water
How-To:
Preheat oven to 160c.
In a large bowl cream the butter and sugar together until smooth.
Beat in the eggs one at a time until well combined.
Beat in the vanilla extract
In a separate bowl sieve the flour and baking powder together.
Mix in the flour, mixing only until all ingredients are combined.
Pour into a 10 x 10 inch or similar size cake tin and smooth out.
Bake in the centre of the oven for 18-20 mins or until springs back when gently touched.
You're Done!
they look yummy x
That's a brilliant idea! Thank you for sharing.
I would think that went down really well with the kids. Fancy that, using a teapot to pour out icing, I think that´s really fantastic.Environment, Population Key to Security, Say Experts
Addressing Environmental Degradation and Population Dynamics May Lower the Risk of Conflict, Some Tell Environmental Change & Security Program Report
Maoists threaten to blow up dams in Nepal. Drought drives conflict in Darfur. Students protest in Paris. Some violent conflicts on today's front pages have deep roots in environmental degradation and rapid population growth. But these roots are often overlooked in favor of more visible explanations—a deadly oversight that threatens our understanding of violence, and with it, our security.
Bringing together authors from Nepal to Norway, from the university to the military, the 11th edition of the Environmental Change and Security Program.
For more information on ECSP, contact Meaghan Parker at (202)691-4182 or at Meaghan.Parker@wilsoncenter.org..
Thanks,
On my Debian 6 it seem that the default it’s the separate ports setup.
You saved me a lot of time for sure.
Thanks again from another Linode member
Happy to help!
Pingback: » Linuxaria IPv6 Ready !
Thank you for sharing this, you just saved my mental health!
Thank you, this really saved my head banging against the wall.
If you do not specify the listen clauses in the vhosts, you will ALWAYS get the default host for IPv6. Well, first thing was to figure out that it’s actually IPv6 only. Try that in a hybrid network.
Anyways, thanks a lot. Works like a charm!
This post is very useful but unclear in the definition of hybrid and separate ports.
So to help other users, this is the configuration I’m using in Archlinux and the latest nginx (1.2.1):
#default server
server {
listen 80 default_server;
listen [::]:80 default_server ipv6only=on;
# server_name is not to be specified in the default server
[…]
}
# virtual host
server {
listen 80;
listen [::]:80;
server_name example.com;
[…]
}
[etc.]
Thanks – even after RTFM I was still having aggro. You saved me a lot of time!The median household income has dropped in Montgomery County, according to new Census information. We're in good company--company that includes the top ten highest earning U.S. cities.. In fact, the Washington region, including Loudoun, Fairfax, Prince William, Howard and Montgomery counties, ranks as the wealthiest of metropolitan areas with a population of over one million.
The Montgomery County Council stands poised to make bold changes to a complicated and sometimes inconsistent zoning code that has been characterized as unfriendly to both businesses and communities. The proposed family of Commercial/Residential (CR) zones strips away much of the red tape that has hindered business, particularly small business, for decades. By replacing a hodgepodge of commercial zones with three flexible CR zones, we're making our standards clearer, more predictable and ultimately more accessible to those who can create jobs as well as people living nearby. of this festive event which will feature the latest styles and fashion trends, culinary samplings from 20 of the area's top restaurants, specialty cocktails, entertainment and the Key to the Treasure raffle box, all for the benefit of women's cancer programs at Suburban Hospital. In addition to the direct proceeds from the October 20th event, two percent of retail sales generated through the weekend (October 21-23) will be donated to the Suburban Hospital Cancer Care Program. Over the past decade, this event has raised more than $900,000 to help serve women in the Montgomery County/DC community. This year, Suburban Hospital and Saks Chevy Chase expect to surpass the $1 million mark..
Apply by November 14 for the FY13 Grants Advisory Group. We will appoint the volunteer community panel to review grant applications and advise us on proposals received from the non-profit community.
We believe that a strong partnership with non-profit organizations is critical in meeting the County's needs. We have established a grants process in which we accept applications from non-profit organizations seeking funds, forward proposals to the Grants Advisory Group for advice and comments and then make funding decisions during our spring budget deliberations.
We anticipate that the Grants Advisory Group will be appointed in December and will be asked to report to the Council by the end of April 2012. Panel members will need to attend training sessions and review relevant materials during late January and February. The applications review will take place between March 1 and April 15.
The Grants Advisory Group will be asked to provide us with comments on each of the grant proposals. The workload will vary based on the number of applications received and panel members appointed; however, it is expected that each member would review approximately 20 applications. Panel members should anticipate approximately six to eight meetings between the beginning of February and mid-April with the potential for weekly meetings in March.
Volunteers for the Grants Advisory Group can come from panels reviewing Community Development Block Grants or Community Service Grants, as well as from other advisory boards or community groups. Applicants for the Advisory Group cannot be employees.> Date: Tue, 11 Apr 2006 11:48:06 +0900 (JST) > From: YAMAMOTO Mitsuharu <address@hidden> > > I found some strange display behavior after filling. In the > following, "row" means a displayed horizontal segment, and "line" > means a sequence of characters delimited by newlines. > > 1. emacs -D -Q > 2. M-q (I'm not sure why this is needed.) I don't know either, but it loads newcomment. > 3. Insert "123456789 " (without quotations or newlines) 18 times. > Say, C-x ( 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 SPC C-x ) C-u 1 7 C-x e. > It is displayed in three rows. > 4. M-< > 5. C-u 1 C-v > > Now the first row becomes continued to both directions. > > 6. M-q > > Then the first row is displayed shorter than the second one, whereas > they have the same number of characters. > > 7. C-p C-n C-n > > The line number in the mode line says the cursor is at the third line. > But it is displayed at the second row that corresponds to the second > line. The problem is with redisplay of the cursor: it is displayed in the wrong place. Try typing C-a and arrow keys, and eventually you will see a second cursor in the correct place. C-l fixes the messed up display.Hi, I just grabbed the nightly snapshot linked from the homepage with the intent of upgrading my planet, GNUJersey.org[1]. I tested it before upgrading and got this error: ~/planet$ python2.2 planet-nightly.new/planet.py gnujersey.test/config.ini Traceback (most recent call last): File "planet-nightly.new/planet.py", line 23, in ? import planet File "planet-nightly.new/planet/__init__.py", line 37, in ? import xml.sax.saxutils ImportError: No module named xml.sax.saxutils I gather planet now depends on python XML tools, but the INSTALL file says: 7 Everything Pythonesque Planet needs should be included in the 8 distribution. Can you please update the INSTALL file or remove the external dependency? Thanks, -Dave [1] Currently running a snapshot from mid-january 2006. -- +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+ | David A. Harding | Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest. | | | | +-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+ -------------- next part -------------- A non-text attachment was scrubbed... Name: not available Type: application/pgp-signature Size: 189 bytes Desc: not available Url :Hi-End, Hi-Fi, Home Cinema
CD, DVD, LP
We would like to bring to your attention Vintage Audio, the first project of its kind in Ukraine.
The increasing popularity and interest in audio equipment which stood the test of time, created a new segment within the Hi-Fi market called Vintage Audio. Unfortunately, this term is not yet well known to most pure sound and music lovers.
The whole era of audio development was logically divided by milestones. These didn't just leave their mark on the new technological solutions, but also on the characteristics of sound and product design. Transistors replaced valves, micro circuit-boards are in turn replacing transistors. Musicality turned into sterile digital technologies. The design lost its technical characteristics by offering black or metallic-looking boxes with plastic controls. However, High-End is still alive! In most cases it is represented by audio components of an impressive weight and with superior industrial design, employing the "good-old" valve technology. Analogue sources have an extremely high rating here. All of this controversially suggests a new term - "modern vintage". This analogy demonstrates the actuality of modern interest in Vintage Audio. But how about the popular notion of the price-quality tradeoff? Well, not a single modern product is able to compete with Vintage Audio on this front.
On this website we have placed (and will be placing!) all the information about Vintage Audio that is available to us. However, we would like to warn you that most vintage equipment is different and not all sounds modern. We invested a lot of time and effort into research and selection of components which have not lost their musical qualities over time. The selection of a reproduction system is equally as crucial as in the modern day. We can search for equipment which suits You in Europe, USA and Japan. We can also order unique products and antiquities. To quote a developer from a swiss company Revox: "We cannot mass produce such masterpieces, they do not age, neither do they lose their value and their technical solution is exemplary even for the generations to come."
Welcome to the world of wonderful technologies, created in the times when analogue sound was in its prime.Hi everyone. Yes another noob !
I had kubuntu and xp on 2 different hard drives on my pc and was able to boot on both with Grub menu as I installed win first and kubuntu second. Grub just made the job itself to create the boot menu
Now I would like to have only xp and bt3. I read a lot of posts about dual booting but only found threads for single hard disk dual boot with many partitions.
My xp is on the first hard disk sda1 and I installed bt3 on the second one which is sdb1. I cant boot any of them now. I tried to edit lilo with what I read but still unable to boot.
Is Grub still on my comp? I got a grub error at startup. And even if I unplug 1 of the 2 hd, still unable to boot on win or linux.
Any help would be great ! Sorry I did not find any threads about that issue.
Thanks a lot guys ! :)- "You've grown very strong in the Force since we last met… But then, so have I!"
- ―Palpatine to Luke Skywalker 21:38, 1 January 2009 (UTC)
Re to your post on Overlords talk pageEdit
Questions like that belong more in the Knowledge Bank. But to attempt to shed some light to your question; In the real world, militaries don't use the same codes over and over. They are often replaced every few years, even months. Assuming the Overlords writer took that into consideration, for a Jedi code to be recieved that is a couple thousand years old, would be very unsual to say the least. Korsa3 00:49, February 5, 2011 (UTC)By Judy Kurtz
President Obama says his signature was "pretty lame" before he started putting it on legislation on a regular basis.
The commander-in-chief was heard making the remark about his John Hancock as he signed a water resources bill on Tuesday at the White House.
Beyond critiquing his own autograph, the president has quipped about a Cabinet member's infamous signature. Last year, Obama said of then-Treasury secretary nominee Jack Lew's loopy writing: "I had never noticed Jack's signature, and when this was highlighted yesterday in the press, I considered rescinding my offer to appoint him."
Obama added, "Jack assures me that he is going to work to make at least one letter legible in order not to debase our currency."
A handwriting expert tasked in 2012 with analyzing Obama's signature told the Dallas Morning News that the extra round shapes in the president's initials indicated that he "dreams big and is open to possibilities."Zynga Slingo is proving to be as appealing as Inside Social Games writer Pete Davison predicted in his review, topping this week’s chart of fastest-growing Facebook games by daily active user with 1.83 million new DAU (a 389 percent gain).
The only other game this week with a percentage gain in triple digits was Solitaire Blitz, which took in 240,000 new DAU for a 100 percent gain. meanwhile, three games on this week’s list had gains over 50 percent: Elex’s Chinese city-building game 夢想城市 (“Dream Boss”) was up 52 percent, Redspell’s Astro Garden increased by 57 percent, and Landshark Games’ Aviator gained 60 percent. Aviator has seen a recent resurgence; the game launched in September, but quickly seemed to drop off the radar after a brief spike in traffic. Now, it’s drawing more players than it did in September, with 80,000 DAU (the previous peak was 47,375).
Three other games on the list had gains of five percent or less: Hidden Chronicles with 3 percent, Tetris Battle by 3 percent, and Collapse! Blast with 5 percent.
OMGPOP’s Draw My thing is continuing to benefit from all the attention Draw Something is receiving on mobile devices. The Facebook game drew in 30,000 DAU this week, a 16 percent gain.
All data in this post comes from our traffic tracking service, AppData. Stay tuned for our look at the top emerging apps on Friday.Strawberry-Bread Pudding
23 Jan 2009
Ingredients
Directions
Reserve several strawberries for garnish.
Cut remaining strawberries in half; place in saucepan.
Add sugar, spices and 2 tablespoons water; bring to a boil, stirring constantly.
Reduce heat; simmer for 3 to 4 minutes.
Remove crusts from bread; brush bread slices on both sides with butter.
Line bottom and sides of 1 1/2-quart baking dish with bread slices; brugh edges of bread with syrup from cooked strawberries.
Alternate layers of cooked strawberries and remaining bread in baking dish; cover.
Chill for several hours or overnight.
Brush reserved strawberries with egg white; sprinkle lightly with additional sugar.
Place on rack to dry.
Garnish pudding with whipped cream and frosted strawberries.
Recipe Summary
Difficulty Level:Easy
Course:Dessert, Fruit Dessert
Strawberry-Bread Pudding Recipe"HE'S BAAACK"
The Third Time's A Charm...
WHITESNAKE are delighted
to welcome back the ONE, the ONLY... Mr
THUNDER & LIGHTNING!!!.......THE STORMBRINGER!!!
TOMMY ALDRIDGE
is BACK in the Snakes!!!
David Coverdale: !!!"
"I can't express how honored & grateful I am to be back in
the Snake fold. Working with DC & Co has always been a labor of
love. SO stoked to be back & finish what we started!!"...Tommy
Aldridge
Whitesnake would like to thank all the
amazing musicians who honored us by applying for the position of
drummer... We were blown away by so much incredible talent & we wish each
& every one the very best in their lives & careers.
***
Stay in touch with whitesnake.com
for any & all up to date news & information WHITESNAKE related.
And remember you can ask David questions on his message board (theBBS).
See You There!
see us atMischief: how it's made
Now that Nihed published his own FOSDEM 2011 photos is a perfect opportunity for me to steal one of them and use it as a "making of" poster for my own stuff, how mischief is dealt and then shared.
ph34r teh 3v1l gr1n!
Thanks Nihed!
you're welcome :)101 F.3d 713
Gelacio S. PANGILINAN, Claimant-Appellant,
v.
Jesse BROWN, Secretary of Veterans Affairs, Respondent-Appellee.
No. 96-7052. Secretary of Veterans Affairs moves to waive the requirements of Fed.Cir.R. 27(e) and to dismiss Gelacio S. Pangilinan's appeal for untimeliness. Pangilinan has not responded.
On June 2, 1994, the Court of Veterans Appeals entered judgment in Pangilinan's case. The court denied Pangilinan's motion for panel reconsideration on July 11, 1994. On June 25, 1996, over a year after the entry of judgment by the Court of Veterans Appeals, Pangilinan filed his notice of appeal. An appeal from the Court of Veterans Appeals must be filed within 60 days after the date of entry of judgment. 38 U.S.C. § 7292(a); 28 U.S.C. § 2107; Fed.R.App.P. 4(a)(1). We have no authority to waive this statutorily imposed requirement. Placeway Constr. Corp. v. United States, 713 F.2d 726, 728 (Fed.Cir.1983). Because Pangilinan's notice of appeal was not filed within 60 days of entry of judgment by the Court of Veterans Appeals, we must dismiss his appeal. See Sofarelli Associates, Inc. v. United States, 716 F.2d 1395 (Fed.Cir.1983) (appeal must be dismissed for lack of jurisdiction where notice of appeal is untimely).
Accordingly,
IT IS ORDERED THAT:
(1) Pangilinan's appeal is dismissed.
(2) Each side shall bear its own costs.KATV Stands Out in November Nielsens
by Kate Knable
Posted 12/26/2011 12:00 am
Updated 3 years ago
KATV-TV, Channel 7, of Little Rock nearly swept the November Nielsen ratings book again this year.
Want the Full Article?
Get Unlimited Archive Access for $19.95 per Year
Readers must pay to access stories older than 20 days.Purchase Now
Already have archive access? Login to view this article.2011 CHEVROLET Malibu LT Sedan 4D
Similar Vehicles
2011 CHEVROLET Malibu LT Sedan 4D40K $15,834 View Details
2014 CHRYSLER 200 Touring Sedan 4D39K $15,766 View Details
2014 CHEVROLET Malibu LT Sedan 4D37K $18,768 View Details
2011 CHEVROLET Malibu LT Sedan 4D
Overview
Visit Us
Iselin, NJ 08830-1706
Transfer This Vehicle
to Iselin, NJ for $630.
-_5<<
2011 CHEVROLET Malibu LT Sedan 4D39,797 $15,834 View Details
2014 CHRYSLER 200 Touring Sedan 4D38,573 $15,766 View Details
2014 CHEVROLET Malibu LT Sedan 4D36,867 $18,768 View DetailsThis is IT! Follow me to ONDERLAND and beyond……
weight loss blog
9/24/09
Posted matilda08 on September 25th, 2009 | Filed under Journal
So I finally got serious about counting my calories and weighing my foods. I log my calories on my dailyplate and my total intake is 1800 per day which i think is pretty good for the past few days ive been fine and not extra hungry. I have been using the ellipticle machine for 30mins at a time and im starting to enjoy it. i really feel the burn after. I have decided to not put much pressure on myself regarding my goal weight just continue to do what i am doing and I know I will see results.
I have a lot on my plate with school work and the two children but part of it feels great being so busy but some days i want to pull my hair out lol.
September 25th, 2009 at 2:51 am
I too have 2 kids…go to school…and I work…and I know just what you mean. Some days are like a well oiled machine and others are just chaos!!!
Great job on the weighing and keeping track of the calorie intake. I find that either I work out and eat crap…or I eat really healthy and won’t workout. If I could just get both at the same time I would probably see better results… I am working on it!!!
Great job!!!Petra M. Jakobs, Ph.D. (jakobsp at ohsu.edu) wrote: : From:. To 20uL cDNA reaction add; 100 uL S1 buffer. 5uL of S1 nuclease (1unit/uL) incubate at 37C for 30 minutes. add 5uL of 0.5M EDTA (PH 7.5) add 0.6 uL 20% SDS. Run on Sephadex G75 equlibrated with TES buffer to separate cDNA. See Perball Page 552. ( A practical Guide to Molecular Cloning). Cheers -- Shahram Mori _/\_ Program in Molecular Biology _\ /_ Dept. of chemistry and Biochemistry Box 3C \_ _/ NMSU Las Cruces NM || 88003DAILY LIFE IN INDIA. TRAVELS. AND WHATEVER ELSE CATCHES MY EYE
DesiLink Blog Directory
Intercultural relationship blogs
with a South
Asian twist!
Today has been a lovely day.
Friends (Carine arrived from Sweden for 10 days). Fabulous polo in the afternoon sun. Tonight we are off to a big party to celebrate Minky & Karan’s Singh’s silver wedding.
And yet….
To start your day with a story such as the one below, leaves a sickening taste in the mouth.
Read it and weep.
For the young man, for India, for man’s inhumanity to man.
What is wrong with a society where this can happen, and where the police can be so seemingly indifferent ? Poor, poor young man. He is younger than my children, yet already married, so goodness knows how old his wife must be, poor little future-less thing.
And what on earth happens to him now ?
To wreak such brutal vengeance on a rapist or a murderer would hardly be conceivable. For Rs 300 ($6 or £3.82) it is mind-numbingly shocking.
I really don’t know what to say.
What can one ?
And this horror story below barely warranted a mention :
Poor woman doesn’t even have a name.
And so in the parallel universe that is oftentimes India, while such horrors exist in small-town India, weird & wonderful things happen in big town India, i.e. Delhi.
The city’s gigolos are unhappy, it would seem.
I know I shouldn’t mock, I really shouldn’t.
So I won’t.
But – quick aside – whoever even knew that there were gigolo employment agencies in Delhi ?
I sometimes think I lead far too sheltered a life.
Anyway I did at least get out and about both yesterday and this afternoon, both times to watch polo.
Yesterday, we went to one of the nicest games of the year, the Veteran’s Polo Cup, which is played at a nice, steady relaxed pace, as befits the age of the players. Sometimes, the umpire kindly allows a 2nd attempt at a fluffed penalty, and the game is always followed by a tent-pegging (my absolute fave) and then a great dinner and a sing-song, hosted by Dee and Rajesh Sahgal.
And yesterday was no exception.
Today, we went to watch the semis of the Indian Open, and jolly exciting ultra-fast polo it was, too, with some dramatic moments, inevitable when such high-goal polo is being played.
Before I leave you and head out into the warm spring evening, there’s big Bollywood news in my Gupshup section – well, not really, but it caught my eye.
Appalling, awful.. that poor man. Those goons. For 300 rupees. Or for any sum. The cruelty beggars belief.
In the world of sort of happy endings the media exposure would result in someone paying for a prosthesis (prostheses) for him and employing him in an NGO.
If only…
Name (required)
Website
Notify me by email when my comments gets approved.
You can use these HTML tags
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>Abstract: ICS).
Speaker: Wayne Hinnant, EMT-P.
Planner & Faculty Disclosure Statement: The activity planners and above mentioned speaker(s) have no conflicts with the topic presented here and have no relevant financial relationships to disclose.
Contact Hours: 1.5.5 AMA PRA Category 1 credits™ Physicians should only claim credit commensurate with the extent of their participation in the activity.
The Florida Keys Area Health Education Center has approved this course for 1.5 hours of nursing credit through the Florida Board of Nursing, CE Broker Provider # 50-5574.
Objectives:
Upon completion of this course, participants will be able to:
1. Demonstrate basic knowledge of the Incident Command System ICS
2. Understanding individual role and the role of authorities
*Command
*Operations
*Planning
*Logistics
*Finance/Administration
3. Obtain and maintain essential personnel, equipment, supplies and records
4. Following procedures for secure communications as required.
5. Understanding your requirements for mobilization and demobilization.
This is an audio/visual course of approximately 90:- 
, tells a profoundly real yet intensely dramatic story about life in a molecular biology lab.
"I want the viewer to stand in the shoes of a scientist at work in a lab, glimpse the world of research as it really is, and understand what it takes to fill an ample pipeline of future scientists" says scientist turned filmmaker, Sloan-Kettering Institue Chairman Emeritus, Richard Rifkind.
Drawn from three years filming in a single laboratory, the film focuses on a group of irrepressible graduate students working towards the PHD degree, and their mentor, a tough but genial young professor. 5
Fully Integrated Dishwasher with 15-Place Settings, 5 Wash Cycles, WaterWall Technology, NSF Sanitize Option, Zone Booster, Third Rack and Flex Glass Rack
Fully Integrated Dishwasher with 6 Wash Cycles, 15 Place Settings, High Temperature Wash, Stainless Steel Interior and Tall Tub
Full Console Dishwasher with 4 Wash Cycles, Adjustable Nylon Racks, Tall Tub, Water Leakage Sensor, Hard Food Disposer, Soft Water Filtration System, NSF-Certified Sanitization and 50 dBA Silence Rating: Black
Heartland
LGSee also
Jonathon BURLEY,1 son of John BURLEIGH (1713-1810) and Jane QUINTRELL (1718-1763), was born on 31 March 1755 in Tregony, Cornwall.1 He married Dorothy POWELL on 12 February 1784 in Tregony.1
Jonathon and Dorothy had 5 children :
- Francis Basset BURLEY (b. 7 Jun 1784 Cuby-with-Tregony; d. 28 Nov 1862 Union House, Tregony, Cornwall). He married Jane (Grace) TRUSCOTT (b. c.1793) 24 Dec 1815 in Tregony, Cornwall. They had 8 children
- Henry BURLEY (b. 23 Jul 1786 Cuby-with-Tregony)
- Grace BURLEY (b. 14 Sep 1788 Cuby-with-Tregony). She married William PHILIPS 25 Oct 1808 in Tregony, Cornwall
- Jonathon BURLEY (b. 18 Jul 1790 Cuby-with-Tregony). He married Elizabeth BURLEY**. They had 1 child
- Henry BURLEY (b. 19 Sep 1792 Cuby-with-Tregony).1
Jonathon died (aged 82) on 11 August 1837 in Tregony.1
The reproduction of anything in these pages for commercial gain is not permitted.
Reproduction for personal use especially in family history matters is welcome.
Updated : 4 May2015.
Did.
Vote for Victoria Shanahan on June 3rd.
Re: “The 'Sun' Also Rises”
I like the Bohemian in Marin, please keep circulating here, Good Sonoma Co news and info. PAC Sun has little of anything now.The Last of Us (1 to 3 others besides me.)
He turned around and looked at Serce. He had a question, he might as well ask her. "Do you know a Heather Martinez?" he asked her, hoping for a yes.
"I didn't. He did," Serce says, dipping her head slightly toward the body she held. "Why?" She tilts her head to one side, frowning. "You already said we're probably the only ones."
"I just..." he trailed off, hanging his head in sorrow. He didn't even know what he could do at this point.
"T-thank you." Gia said as she looked to her sides to figure which way she could go. She slowly started backing up. 'Where are my brothers? Please be alive.' She thinks to herself.
"You don't have to go... We... I could help you look for them," Serce offers, taking a hesitant step toward Gia. "After I find somewhere to bury him..."
Vic walked back to Heather's house. He entered the tol shed behind their house and grabbed a shovel. He walked back to where Serce was. "Pick a spot."
Gia froze and a panic look crossed her face. The girl was stepping toward her. What now? T-thank you." Gia said but still took a step back. People weren't really her thing. She's not a people person.
Vic accidentally bumped into Gia. "Sorry," he murmered, quickly stepping away.
Serce bites her lip, looking for a suitable spot to bury her stepbrother, pausing beneath an oak tree. "Here."
He noticed that, despite the shape of everything else, the tree was still in all of its beauty. Kind of weird. He walked to where she pointed and dug the shovel into the ground, using his foot to push it further into the soil. He began digging a grave. He focused only on that and nothing else; if he thought about Heather anymore, he'd die or something.
Gia stumbled back and mumbled something under her breath. She waiting a couple of feet away as the two worked.
Serce watches silently, her face hidden by her pale silver-blonde hair. Tears ran down her cheeks, falling onto Jase's face. "I'm so sorry... I loved you, Jase, I swear," she whispers.
When the grave was dug, he went and got Jase, arrying him over to the grave, which sounds way easier than it was. He placed him snug in the grave, then leaned on his shovel.
Serce kneels by the grave, whispering a few words in Polish before getting to her feet and looking at Vic. "Thank you."
He nodded. He began to fill the hole back up with dirt. "What's your name?" he managed to ask, though he doubted he'd get a straight answer.
Serce stands on her toes, breaking off two decent sized branches and taking the hair tie from her wrist, binding the branches together in the form of a cross. "Serce Srebrny. Polish for Silver Heart," she says, sticking the makeshift grave marker upright over the grave once it was filled in. "And you? What's your name?"
"Victor Charlotte. Nice to meet you." He leaned against the tree and stared out into the distance. He could see clouds rolling in, he was sure, though whether they were storm clouds was beyond his knowledge.
Serce nods, closing her eyes and sighing. "My stepbrother was Jasny Aniol, but we called him Jase. His name meant Light Angel. Well... I suppose it fits better now than I like to admit." She grabs onto one of the thicker branches of the tree, using it to help pull herself up until she could sit on it, watching the clouds. "Looks like rain or something."
He nodded solemnly, feeling emotionally drained. He reached down by the tree and picked up the diary, holding it to him for dear life.
Serce sighs. "We should probably find somewhere we can stay before the storm's on us..." she says, hopping down from the tree, wincing slightly. "That was higher up than I thought."Temporary Price Drop
$1,024.00 -
List Price: $1,341.99
Was: - (Save )
Ends: Today at ET!
You save 24%
HN-SMF241 Sam Moore
Sam Moore Thatcher Exposed Wood Chair - Enigma PythonItem # HN-SMF241
- Striking enigma python fabric upholstery
- Arched design with open lower back
- Tapered legs and wood trim in java
- Medium soft, tight seat cushion
- Dimensions: 28.5W x 31D x 33.5H inches
Images
Full Description
Specifications
Shipping Info
Guarantee & Returns
Similar Accent Chairs
A.R.T. Furniture Madison Natural Wing Chair
$1,698.00
Pastel Furniture Eurowayne Upholstered Club Chair with Kerkyra Wood Base
$779.00 - $999.00
Stein World Zebra Barrel Chair
$524.98
Amanda Ivory Accent Chair
$1,160.00
Kennedy Walnut Hide Lounge Chair
$2,350.00
Elements William Chair with Chrome Nailhead Trim
 Thatcher Exposed Wood Chair - Enigma Python
1024
Ultra modern, definitively unique, the Sam Moore Thatcher Exposed Wood Chair - Enigma Python has it all. This contemporary, arched chair is covered in a python-inspired fabric upholstery that gets noticed. Its open back, curved arms, tight seat, and welt trim are a perfect complement to the exposed java-finished wood base and tapered legs.About Sam MooreSince 1940, Sam Moore's hand-crafted upholstered furniture has offered extraordinary quality, comfort, and style. ThWhat It IsWhat do you get when you combine a Frisbee, Yo-Yo, and Hacky Sak? Myachi! Myachi (mee-ah-chee) is the extreme sport that combines the fluid hand motions of Martial Arts with the full-body coordination of action sports. You can use any body part you want to catch and flip Myachi Hand Sacks-but there are no palms allowed! Free style by yourself or while hanging out with friends! There are hundreds of tricks to master, which can be seen online at. There are also a variety of Myachi Hand Sack designs for boys and girls, from Rolling Thunder to Blue Beard and Dip 'N Dot to Valentine.
Myachi Hand Sacks are really fun to play with but they also help reinforce discipline, patience, and determination-all skills kids will need as they master Myachi basics and, especially, the harder Myachi tricks. While Myachi Hand Sacks are graded for ages 3 and up, Myachi is really more for an older child with more developed gross motor skills.
This is a great solo activity or played with in groups. Kids love creating their own games and challenges with one another. These fit easily in a pocket or backpack and are great for fun anywhere.
These have been around for a couple of years, and they're becoming more popular all the time.
What do you think about Myachi Hand Sacks from Myachi?Born: 24 December, 1953, in Glasgow. Died: 15 January, 2013, in Edinburgh, aged 59
Susan Manning was an intellectual dynamo whose love of words generated an influence that extended around the world.
As Grierson Professor of English Literature and director of the Institute for Advanced Studies in the Humanities (IASH) at Edinburgh University, her contribution was huge, but beyond that, she was known internationally through her work on transatlantic literature, the Scottish Enlightenment and with the Confucius Institute.
An academic with a rare knack of seamlessly combining her talents as a scholar, manager and mentor, she was a brilliant researcher, inspiring teacher and an excellent administrator and organiser, yet remained humble in success.
The daughter of medical physicist James Valentine and his wife Honora, a philosophy graduate, she was educated at John Mason High School in Abingdon near Oxford, after her parents had moved south when she was nine. As a teenager she excelled in science and humanities, achieving perfect O-level grades in both fields. But she followed her instincts at A-level, deciding to study English. Literature’s gain greatly exceeded science’s loss.
After capping her schooldays with an exceptional final year, in which she became head girl, she took the then unusual step of taking a gap year. She spent time visiting Canada and Paris and Grenoble in France before going up to read English at Newnham College, Cambridge, where she graduated with a BA in 1976, around the same time as marrying physicist Howard Manning.
She then embarked on a PhD on Scottish and American literature, studying in the National Library of Scotland and then winning a Harkness Fellowship, which took her to Charlottesville in Virginia where she studied under distinguished Americanist David Levin. She and Howard went on to have their first child, Laura, in the States. On her return to Cambridge, she took up a research fellowship at Newnham College in 1981, becoming a college lecturer in 1984 and later faculty lecturer.
She also continued her doctorate studies, gaining her PhD in 1986 and joking that it had not taken ten years but three children – with Lindsay and Sophie having completed her family. Remaining at Newnham for the best part of 20 years, she skilfully pursued her career in English along with motherhood; Sophie attended her first college seminar in a carrycot, aged just three weeks.
Following a bout of meningitis, Prof Manning was diagnosed with lupus but, undeterred, continued to live as full a life as possible. Latterly she ignored her lack of circulation to spend three hours snorkelling on Australia’s Great Barrier Reef – an experience that rendered the great wordsmith almost speechless.
In 1999 she moved to Edinburgh to take up the Grierson Chair in English Literature. She also held the directorship of IASH there for seven years, from 2005, having previously been research director and postgraduate director in the School of Literatures, Languages and Cultures.
A serious bowel operation, a lung disease and the ravages of lupus failed to slow her and she made IASH a vibrant centre for multidisciplinary studies. It gave full scope to her administrative genius and range of interdisciplinary skills – and afforded her an international reach.
She was a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and the Royal Society of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce, as well as a Trustee of the Kennedy Memorial Trust, which sends scholars to further study in the US, and the Rothschild Fellowships in Jerusalem.
In addition she was a trustee of Edinburgh University Press, and a member of the Gifford Lectureships committee and the research committee of the College of Humanities and Social Sciences. She also served on the advisory board of the Edinburgh Confucius Institute and of several scholarly editions and journals including the Edinburgh edition of the Waverley Novels, the Stirling/South Carolina edition of the Works of James Hogg, and the Cambridge University Press Studies in Romanticism series.
She co-edited a monograph series on transatlantic literary studies and was a board member and past president of the Eighteenth-Century Scottish Studies Society and a board member of the international body, the Consortium of Humanities Centers and Institutes.
Her own research interests were primarily in the Scottish Enlightenment and in Scottish-American literary relations, the subjects of her books The Puritan-Provincial Vision and the transatlantic study Fragments of Union. She co-ordinated the Carnegie-funded STAR (Scotland’s Transatlantic Relations) initiative and convened its seminar and research projects. Along with Dr Nicholas Phillipson she also convened a three-year research project on The Science of Man in Scotland, funded by the Leverhulme Trust, which led to an essay collection on Character, Self and Sociability in the Scottish Enlightenment.
Her monograph on The Poetics of Character: A Transatlantic Literary History will be published posthumously. She completed it in the Old Lobster House, in Lower Burnmouth, near Eyemouth, which she and her husband had recently completed refurbishing.
Her premature death, following a stroke, has been felt keenly around the world by those who admired a woman whose charm, intellect, humanity and generosity left an imprint on countless colleagues and former students.
Prof Manning was buried in woodland on Edinburgh’s Corstorphine Hill after a service full of poems, reminiscence and music, including her beloved Bach cello suites, which she always said straightened out her brain waves.
She is survived by her husband, Dr Howard Manning, their daughters, Laura, Lindsay and Sophie, granddaughter Poppy, her mother Honora, sister Claire and brother John.
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.On all new episode of Disney Channel's GIRL MEETS WORLD, Riley's met some outrageous things, but you won't believe what she'll meet next, including the return of Mr. Feeney! (more...)
According to ETonline, original BOY MEETS WORLD cast members Trina McGee and Blake Clark, who played the girlfriend and dad of Shawn Hunter (Rider Strong,) respectively, will be returning for GIRL MEETS WORLD's second season. (more...)
Ross Valley Players starts the New Year with the romantic comedy, Impressionism by Michael Jacobs. (more...)
Ross Valley Players have announced their 2014 - 2015 season which celebrates their 85th consecutive year. (more...)
Disney Channel has ordered a second season of the comedy series 'Girl Meets World.' (more...)
This 30 for 30 Short will explore the origins and nuances of the high five, bringing to life the unique legacy of the gesture and the story of one of its unsung originators. (more...)
Michael Jacobs, creator of the 90s hit series Boy Meets World, speaks candidly with AfterBuzz TV hosts Kristen Snyder and Lee Epstein about the process of creating the much-anticipated sequel Girl Meets World. (more...)
USA Today reports that The Disney Channel will premiere the highly anticipated new series GIRL MEETS WORLD tonight, June 27 at 9:45 p.m. ET/PT. (more...)
Multi-talented recording artist/actress Zendaya ('Dancing with the Stars,' 'Shake It Up'), headlines the comedic Disney Channel Original Movie 'Zapped,' (more...)
The final weekend of the Adelaide Cabaret Festival bought the incredible Darlene Love's concert An Evening with Darlene Love to an enthusiastic Adelaide audience for a one night only engagement. (more...)
Today, Disney Channel shared an all-new promo for the series. Check it out below! (more...)
Today, Disney Channel shared an all-new trailer for the series. Check it out below! (more...)
USA Today reports that The Disney Channel will premiere the highly anticipated new series GIRL MEETS WORLD on June 27 at 9:45 p.m. ET/PT. (more...)
Check out new key art for Disney Channel's anticipated new series GIRL MEETS WORLD, a follow up to ABC's successful '90's sitcom Boy Meets World, which starred Ben Savage. (more...)
Disney Channel has revealed the first official trailer for their highly anticipated series GIRL MEETS WORLD (more...)
Get n exclusive First Look at the entire cast of Disney Channel's highly anticipated series GIRL MEETS WORLD. (more...)
Ross Valley Players is seeking innovative Directors for their 2014 - 2015 season, which marks their 85th anniversary. Anyone interested in making the season selections outstanding artistically, attractive and enticing to audiences, should apply by April 15, 2014. Interviews will be set up starting Saturday, March 29 through the end of April. To be considered, please provide a cover letter indicating which play(s) you are interested in directing and email to director-applications@rossvalleyplayers.org Visit to see a full details and descriptions for each play. (more...)?' (more...)
1 2 3 4Source : many
SAVE INDONESIAN HERITAGE through an AMAZING EXPERIENCE in making BATIK using CANTING
BATIK had already known since Majapahit era (around 14 Century) and its reach the peak when Majapahit divided into 2 Kingdom, Yogyakarta and Surakarta (Solo). Batik actually is start from the Palace itself for the King and family. Batik from Surakarta and Yogyakarta has so many patterns. Each pattern has its own meaning and its philosophy. Some pattern can only be wore by certain people.
The word Batik itself came from the Javanese language, means dot, because when you drawn a line should be start with a dot, many dots become a line. (But, when people do batiking or making batik the Javanese pronounce it as mbatik; People thought came from the word ‘amba’, that not correct, because amba means wide not doing something).
1. Sido Mukti
Batik with Sido Mukti pattern are worn by the bride and the groom. Sido means continuously, Mukti means prosper and full of happiness. It is expected the bride and groom who wear this batik will happy and prosperous. The pattern shows boxes in diagonal pattern and inside each box there are ‘meru’ or house, small ‘sawat’ or half wing and sometimes butterfly. Therefore, when wore this Batik the entire pattern should facing up.
2. Truntum
Batik with Truntum pattern is worn by the parents of the bride and groom. Truntum means to guide. It is expected the parents are able to guide and giving wise advices to the bride and groom to stepping in the marriage life. Actually ‘truntum’ is represented the Jasmine bud.
3. Kawung
Batik with Kawung pattern is worn by the king and the family. Kawung pattern symbolizes justice and power.
Batik’s Kawung pattern has a meaning symbolizing the hope for human beings will always remember their origins.
4. Parang Rusak
Parang means weapon (like a sword), it symbolizes power and strength.
Batik with Parang Rusak pattern is worn by the king and the family.
5. Ciptoning
A person who wear Batik with Ciptoning pattern is expected to be a wise person, he may give wise advice and right suggestion in the life.
woooowww… bagus sekali artikelnya…hmmm nanti saya ijin copy ya untuk di
I like that batik Ciptoning, because there is picture wayang.
GPS TrackerJoin us for Kids Day Out on Tuesday, June 16th when the Cardinals take on the Twins.!
The cost is just $13 and it includes:
vs.
Any orders made after Wednesday, June 9 will be held at Will Call and can be picked up at the ticket windows on 8th Street.
To purchase tickets for this event, simply click on the "Buy Tickets" button below!Jennings Out Two To Three
The Green Bay Packers will be without receiver Greg Jennings for the next two to three weeks. Jennings sprained his knee against Oakland on Sunday.
If there’s good news here, it’s that Jennings will be back for the playoffs. The Packers will play their first playoff game on January 14 or 15.
Jennings currently has 67 receptions for 949 yards and nine touchdowns. While the Packers will probably miss him to some degree, I’d expect Jermichael Finley and perhaps even Donald Driver to take on a larger role during Jennings’ absence.
Related Posts:
Monty McMahon is one of the founders of Total Packers. He is probably the most famous graduate of UW-Oshkosh next to Jim Gantner.
12/13/2011 - 11:19 am
Honestly we’ve been lucky so far this season…Nick Collins has been our only significant loss…
12/13/2011 - 11:41 am
He will come out like gangbusters in the playoffs. Rest up Greg, in a month you will be ready to kick some ass. Go Pack!
12/13/2011 - 12:33 pm
Jordy will be getting a lot more attention. Finley and Cobb have to step up.
12/13/2011 - 12:33 pm
Dog, I put the team on my back.
12/13/2011 - 12:37 pm
Let’s go into the mind of a Greg Jennings. beedoelobeep
12/13/2011 - 1:06 pm
I’d like to see Rodgers continue to chase and burn down QB records. Might be selfish of me but let’s Favre’s name down atop of all those lists. Seasons like this don’t come along all too often (but for Rodgers I’m sure he’ll have even better).
Rodgers is 3rd in total passing yards – could eclipse Brady with a solid 350 this week
Rodgers is chasing (and you hear nothing about this either) Tom Brady’s record of 50 TD’s set in 2007. Rodgers is just 11 behind tieing that mark with three games to go. If Rodgers averaged 3 TD’s per/game for the next three games he still wouldn’t tie that mark, he’d need two games with 4 TD’s and without Jennings I don’t see that happening. He’ll at least break Favre’s single season Pack TD record with 40 tho.
Rodgers completion percentage is now also 1.0 % lower than Brees, hopefully that comes up in the next three games too.
The only reason I’m nagging about the stats is because every year people find stupid reasons to screw guys over like Rodgers who deserve the MVP, like idiots who think Tim Teboned should get it. That’s enough to make me puke in typing that but you know it’s true. Rodgers needs to lead in as many categories as possible and even break a few records to get a unanimous vote.
12/13/2011 - 1:45 pm
I dunno about Driver. But Finley needs to step up and stop dropping passes.
12/13/2011 - 3:07 pm
This.
12/14/2011 - 6:22 am
I think that down the stretch, Driver will be more reliable – been there, done that. The pressure of the contract and hype is getting to Finley. After that CF in the end zone Sunday, did AR ever go back to him?
12/13/2011 - 2:19 pm
I read Tori Gurley might get brought up from the practice squad. I’d be excited to see what he can do in a few games down the stretch.
12/13/2011 - 3:09 pm
I actually think James Jones’ reaps the beneft of this.
12/13/2011 - 4:15 pm
Don’t count out DD. He still has a lot to contribute.
12/13/2011 - 10:57 pm
I’m actually excited to see what this offense looks like. I would LOVE to see Gurley come in but I don’t think it happens. Sure would be sweet to see more TEs in 5 wr sets though. You know, 3 TE and 2 WR and so on.There.Thanks to Mark at Facebook and to Nij in the comments here for a shorter version. Jesus for coming in human form to show me the way out of the storm!"
By David L. Griffith
Monday, December 5, 2011
A CHRISTMAS STORY
That'll preach.
Elizabeth, yes it will.
All on its own. . .
I love this story and have tweeted it and pinched it for facebook (as yours, of course). Thank-you Grandmère Mimi
Laura, thanks for sharing. It's a lovely story.
There's a lovely 1996 movie, Fly Away Home, about a young girl who "discovers a nest of goose eggs that were abandoned when developers began tearing up a local forest. The eggs hatch and Amy becomes 'Mama Goose.' The young birds must fly south for the winter, but who will lead them?" [IMDb] Amy and her dad get the job done by flying along with the birds in a pair of ultralight aircraft.
I think this story makes your point better than the contrived, sentimental sermon illustration you posted, which seems to me to reflect understanding of neither geese nor human beings. (What happens to the geese after the convert's sudden epiphany? They're still out in the storm. As is the convert.)
I know you post for the choir, Grandmère, but usually helpfully enough to keep a few cynics sitting near the door . . .
Murdoch, I post mainly for myself in the hope that others find my posts of interest. Occasionally, I post for a specific reader.
Material that's sent to me, I usually post unchanged. My blog, such as it is, takes quite a bit of my time, and I'm grateful for the copy and paste submissions.
Thanks for serving as one of my resident cynics. I will have a look at your link.
MM, I saw that movie and couldn't get past the fact that the geese that were supposed to be following the ultralight were not actually real. . .
The Geese in Mimi's story were not out in the storm. They had followed one of the man's geese into the barn.
The Christmas story is a parable, and I don't think it is overly sentimental. Some might say that Jesus' parable of the lost sheep is sentimental, but it works.
Susan, CGI often leaves me cold, too. (All those soldiers in Lord of the Rings and Troy! A few hundred would have done, not thousands.) But Fly Away Home was based on reality: "The film was loosely based on the real-life experiences of Bill Lishman, a Canadian inventor, artist, and ultralight aircraft hobbyist. During the late 1980s and early 1990s, Lishman wondered whether, United States." (Wikipedia) I can't imagine the logistics of a film crew actually shadowing the flight of a flock of geese and a light-wing aircraft.
Okay, the geese got into the barn. We won't press the analogy to wonder what the barn represents in contemporary Christianity.
Fly Away Home remains for me the movie that Mother never saw. During a visit with her in Tulsa, we set out for the theater when she tripped over a footstool in her apartment. We spent the afternoon looking for an optician to repair her bent glasses. Gary and I own the DVD of the film, in her memory.
Murdoch, I wish your mother's story had a happier ending, but that you and Gary keep the DVD in her memory is a lovely story.
believe me it has Preached! a few times. Grandmere Mimi you are so welcome.
Mark, thank you for your words.Mark Kirk has released a video showing him walking with the help of a cane and a harness as the senator talks about his rehabilitation since suffering a stroke in January.
"I'm walking again," Kirk says, seated before a camera as he narrates a three-minute narrative showing him walking with a cane and on a hospital treadmill while fitted in a harness. At times he speaks haltingly, and the video shows him struggling to move his left side.
K."
Kirk said he hopes to walk the 45 steps, counted by his staff, from a parking lot up the steps of the U.S. Capitol and "fight for the people of Illinois."
"I can't wait to go back to work to vote to spend less and borrow less and tax less to help fix our economy," added Kirk.
The video is the first released of the senator since he was stricken.
At one point, Kirk is shown walking on a treadmill, Kirk speaks haltingly and at one point stumbles over his words, but his speech is clearly understandable.
In a news release accompanying the video, Kirk's aides said he had begun a rigorous walking program to improve his gait. The program involves an "intense regimen" of walking on flat surfaces, stairs and a treadmill, they said. Altogether, Kirk has walked more than 10 miles since entering the institute in February, his aides said.
One official familiar with Kirk's recovery told the Tribune last week the goal is for him to return to the Senate in the fall after the congressional recess in August. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak about the senator's recovery.
Kirk fell ill Jan. 21, had three brain surgeries at Northwestern Memorial Hospital and was transferred Feb. 10 to the institute for post-stroke therapy.
The North Shore Republican entered the Senate late in 2010 after nearly 10 years in the House.
Contributing: Associated PressCopyright © 2015, Chicago TribuneProduct Information
Customer Reviews 3
3 Item(s)
- Works well
- The screen protector works well and was priced right. It does cut down on the glare, but the screen is not quite as sharp as it was. That was not a problem however. Just be sure your screen is COMPLETELY clean or you will have annoying bubbles.
- screen protector
- anti glare screen protector. Great protector for my new droid....touch screen still works w/this...
- Awesome
- Can't even feel that it's on.
Write Your Own Review
Get FAST answers from customers
Product Questions
- Motorola Droid X2
- Motorola Droid X MB810
- Motorola Milestone X MB809
Other Products We Think You Might Like:
Motorola Droid X2 Micro USB Home and Travel Charger
Retail Price: $19.99
WHOLESALE PRICE: $2.99
Motorola Droid X2 Cellet Universal 3.5mm Boom Mic Headset
Retail Price: $19.99
WHOLESALE PRICE: $7.99
Motorola Droid X2 Micro USB Cable, Black
Retail Price: $26.99
WHOLESALE PRICE: $4.99
Motorola Droid X2 Naztech Marquee Black Leather Horizontal Carrying...
Retail Price: $29.99
WHOLESALE PRICE: $5.99
Recently Viewed Products:
Motorola Droid X2 London Series 3.5mm Stereo Headphones w/In-line Microphone (Pink Panther) by Urbanista
Retail Price: $79.99
WHOLESALE PRICE: $68.99
Motorola Droid X2 Candy Music 3.5mm Vibration Speaker, Blue
Retail Price: $39.99
WHOLESALE PRICE: $19.99
Motorola Droid X2 Splash Guardz Waterproof Case, Blue
Retail Price: $29.99
WHOLESALE PRICE: $10.99
Motorola Droid X2 Ed Hardy-Love Kills Slowly Black 3.5mm Stereo Headphones
Retail Price: $69.99
WHOLESALE PRICE: $35.99
Open Call for Proposals: Writing Research Across BordersFebruary 22-24, 2008University of California Santa Barbara
Conference website;
Proposal Deadline: May 1, 2007Email: writing_at_education.ucsb.edu
Recent decades have seen the growth of writingstudies in many nations, focused on all levels ofeducation, and all uses of writing in society,using the resources of many differentdisciplines. This increased research attentionto writing reflects an increased recognition ofthe importance of writing in modern societies.Yet to a large extent the many emergingtraditions of writing research have neitherconnected fully nor shared their work.
This conference brings together the many writingresearchers from around the world, drawing on alldisciplines, and focused on all aspects ofwriting at all levels of development and in allsegments of society. This will be an opportunityto learn from different research traditions,share our findings, seek common agendas, and laythe groundwork for future communication andalliances.
As a first step to building this importantconversation we have invited some of the leadingwriting researchers, and those listed at thebottom of this call have already committed toparticipating.
We are now issuing an open call for proposals forpanels, roundtables, individual presentations,and poster presentations addressing* current research on writing,* methodological issues* reflections on ongoing research programs* considerations of national or disciplinary trajectories of research* agendas for further researchWe anticipate a program of up to two hundred and fifty presentations.
Proposals to present current research shouldspecify research questions, methods, data corpus,and findings, as well as the scope and durationof the research project. Proposals to provideoverviews of and reflections on researchtraditions and agendas should identify clearlythe relevant literatures to be considered.
Proposals for individual and poster presentationsshould be from 250 to 500 words in length andpanel and roundtable proposals, 500 to 1000words. Please indicate your preferred format.
Proposals should be sent by May 1, 2007 via emailto writing_at_education.ucsb.edu .Please includecomplete contact information.
For further information please visit ourconference website: you have any questions contact us at writing_at_education.ucsb.edu
INVITED SPEAKERS already committed to participating:
Paula Carlino, Argentina, University of Buenos AiresCaroline Channock, Australia, LatrobeRosemary Clerehan, Australia, Monash UniversityLuuk van Waes, Belgium, University of AntwerpAngela Dionisio, Brazil, UFP, RecifeAngela Kleiman, Brazil, Unicamp-Sao PauloMarilyn Chapman, Canada , University of British ColumbiaGraham Smart, Canada, Carleton UniversityDenis Alamargot, France, University of PoitiersMichel Fayol, France, University Blaise PascalFrederic Francoise, France, Université de Paris VAnnie Piolat, France, University de ProvenceSylvie Plane, France, IUF de ParisYves Reuter, France, Université LilleJoachim Grabowski, Germany, University ofEducation, Heidelberg, Germany PietroBoscolo, Italy, University of PaduaEmilia Ferreiro, Mexico, National Polytechnic InstituteGert Rijlarsdam, Netherlands, University of AmsterdamLisa Emerson, New Zealand, Massey UniversityOlga Dysthe, Norway, University of BergenRochelle Kapp, South Africa, University of Cape TownLiliana Tolchinsky, Spain, University of BarcelonaLinda Allal, Switzerland, Universite de GeneveOtto Kruse, Switzerland, University of Applied Sciences Erfurt, SwitzerlandDavid Galbraith, UK, University of StaffordshireKen Hyland, UK, University of LondonRoz Ivanic, UK, Lancaster UniversityTheresa Lillis, UK, Open UniversityBrian Street, UK, Kings College- LondonMark Torrance, UK, University of StaffordshireArnetha Ball, USA, Stanford UniversityCharles Bazerman, USA, University of California Santa BarbaraAnne Beaufort, USA, SUNY Stony BrookCarol Berkenkotter, USA, University of MinnesotaVirginia Berninger, USA, University of WashingtonSheridan Blau, USA, University of California Santa BarbaraUlla Connor, USA, Indiana University-Purdue University IndianapolisChristiane Donahue, USA, University of Maine, FarmingtonAnn Dyson, USA, University of Illinois Urbana-ChampaignJill Fitzgerald, USA, University North Carolina Chapel HillSteve Graham, USA, VanderbiltKris Gutierrez, USA, University of California Los AngelesChristina Haas, USA, Kent State UniversityRichard Haswell, USA, TAMU Corpus ChristiJohn R. Hayes, USA, Carnegie Mellon UniversityGeorge Hillocks, USA, University of ChicagoTom Huckin, USA, University of UtahSusan Jarratt, USA, University of California IrvineIlona Leki, USA, University of TennesseePaul LeMahieu, USA, University of California BerkeleyAndrea Lunsford, USA, Stanford UniversityKaren Lunsford, USA, University of California Santa BarbaraCharles MacArthur, USA, University of DelawarePaul Matsuda, USA, University of New HampshireDebra McCutcheon, USA, University of WashingtonHeidi McKee, USA, Miami UniversitySandy Murphy, USA, UC DavisBill Nagy, USA, Seattle Pacific UniversitySondra Perl, USA, CUNY Graduate CenterJim Porter, USA, Michigan State UniversityPaul Prior, USA, University of Illinois Urbana-ChampaignDavid Russell, USA, State UniversityRebecca Rickly, USA, Texas Technological UniversityTony Silva, USA, Purdue UniversityPeter Smagorinsky, USA, University of GeorgiaMelanie Sperling, USA, University of California RiversideClay Spinuzzi, USA, University of Texas AustinJohn Swales, USA, University of MichiganChris Thaiss, USA, University of California DavisGary Troia, USA, Michigan State UniversityKOffice
Contact Information
Dr. Tuchinsky's research focuses upon the intellectual and political history of the United States during the Civil War era, broadly construed. His first book, Horace Greeley’s New-York Tribune: Civil War-era Socialism and the Crisis of Free Labor was published by Cornell University Press in November of 2009. It is, at its core, an intellectual history of the most important newspaper of its time, and played a role similar to opinion magazines today. Among its contributors were Transcendentalists Margaret Fuller, Charles Dana, and George Ripley; socialists Albert Brisbane and Karl Marx; feminist and sex reformers Stephen Pearl Andrews and Elizabeth Oakes Smith. The Tribune, in short, published the leading minds of the day. Dr. Tuchinsky's study focuses upon its engagement with the labor question. Even though it was a leading organ of the Republican Party, the Tribune, between 1840 and 1870, was a leading clearinghouse for various socialists. His book argues that the Tribune’s socialism reveals the varied character of the Republican Party’s free labor ideology. In petitioning for the rights of white workers in the North and black enslaved labor in the South, the Tribune, he argues, pioneered social democratic liberalism in the United States. Dr. Tuchinsky's current research project is a book on the political economy of Transcendentalism.
Since the fall of 2010, Dr. Tuchinsky has also been the Associate Dean of the College of Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences (CAHS). For the foreseeable future, his teaching contribution to the History Department will be limited. Generally, and in addition to the U.S. survey, he teaches a variety of classes in nineteenth-century American history. Courses in his regular rotation include Civil War and Reconstruction, Age of Jackson, American Popular Culture (with Professor Bischof), and the United States in the Age of Market Revolutions. For the Entry Year Experience (EYE) program, he teaches Thoreau: Nature, Society, and Self, a class that is both academically interdisciplinary and involves experiential learning.
Research Interests
Intellectual, political and economic history of the United States, Civil War eraNew York Fashion Week: Fall 2013 Collections
The tents are closed and the shows are over, but you can still read our fashion dispatches from the week here. Catch up on what you missed during Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week!
- DJ Corey Kennedy and Zoe Kravitz at Jill Stuart.by Lisa Marsh
Bumped into this fab fashion girl while heading to Son Jung Wan- hands down best NYFW street style ive seen so farby Tracy Brock
Jill Stuart's stripes.by Lisa Marsh
Mercedes Benz Fashion Week 2013: Lacost Fall2013by Joe Marino
- J. Alexander aka Miss J has taken his seat front row at Son Jung Wan as the crowd continues to pour inby Tracy Brock
Brooke Shields has photogs swarming at Son Jung Wanby Tracy Brock
Son Jung Wanby Tracy Brock
Son Jung Wanby Tracy Brock
Jill Stuart loved her black but her rusty rose was refreshing. And pretty.by Lisa Marsh
Stripes at Jill Stuart.by Lisa Marsh
Eve rocked some crazy nails at Prabal Gurung.by Lisa Marsh
More from Son Jung Wanby Tracy Brock
- Also in Prabal's front row: Jamie King, Olivia Thrilby, and the babysitter from "Crazy Sexy Love."by Lisa Marsh
- Oops, That's "Crazy Stupid Love" and the actress is Analeigh Tipton.by Lisa Marsh
Prabal loved a military look but prettied it up.by Lisa Marsh
And these gold shoes at Prabal, were AH-MAZ-ING.by Lisa Marsh
- Backstage getting ready at Son Jung Wanby Michael Ipon Feb 9, 2013 at 6:06 PMby Michael Ip
- The finale at Son Jung Wanby Michael Ipon Feb 9, 2013 at 6:07 PMby Michael Ip
#Nemo who? This crowd doesn't mind the snowby Tracy Brock
- Shailene Woodley is our new BFF. At Rebecca Taylor, she greeted us with a hug. "Hi, I'm Shay."by Lisa Marsh
Backstage interview with Herve Leger designer Lubov Azria.by Sheila McClear
Prabal Gurung's finale. Like chess pieces on a board.by Lisa Marsh
Rebecca Taylor's happy sweetness had a real edge this season, with leather, metal and strappy bits.
Check out the shoes -- Strappy sandals over shredded socks. Multilatered genius.by Lisa Marsh
Metal-riffic shirt at Rebecca Taylor.by Lisa Marsh
Dying over the ethnic prints and playful colors coming from the Mara Hoffman show- in loveby Tracy Brock
All i keep hearing are people yelling "wow" its that amazing - Mara Hoffmanby Tracy Brock
Rebecca Taylor's finale.by Lisa Marsh
Look from Rafael Cennamo. His inspiration: " hall of Mirrors."by Sheila McClear
Another shiny look from Rafael Cennamo.by Sheila McClear
Detail shot from Rafael Cennamo.by Sheila McClear
Trying to figure out what caused the press stampede. Sami Gayle? Nichole Galicia? Coco Rocha? Petra Nemcova? Don't get it.by Lisa Marsh
- Getting ready backstage at Rafael Cennamoby Michael Ipon Feb 9, 2013 at 8:24 PMby Michael Ip
- One of Rafael Cennamo's looksby Michael Ipon Feb 9, 2013 at 8:24 PMby Michael Ip
Nothing but elegance at Christian Siriano. So excited to see the showby Tracy Brock
Photographers are swarming Ashley Simpson at the Christian Siriano showby Tracy Brock
Christian Siriano has begun! Too excitedby Tracy Brock
Breathtaking show - Cristian Sirianoby Tracy Brock
Nothing but glam from Christian Sirianoby Tracy Brock
Apparently Herve Leger by Max Azria got the memo that Emerald Green is the color of the year.by Lisa Marsh
Many of the dresses at Herve Leger were not as unforgiving, but were pretty, like jeweled handbags.by Lisa Marsh
Model board at VPL.by Sheila McClear
Sneak peek! Clothing board backstage at VPL.by Sheila McClear
Deborah Lippmann's polishes 'Stormy Weather' and 'Modern Love' are the nail colors of the day at VPL. The dark color will highlight the mauve around the edges of the nail, echoing the "disjointed" feel of the clothes.by Sheila McClear
The eye of the tiger was the soundtrack. The item: fur boxing gloves at Alexander Wang. #nyfw— Nina Garcia (@ninagarcia) February 9, 2013by Nicole Lyn Pesce
Zoe Kravitz is so cute isn't she? At @alexanderwang #nyfw_1<<’Broward Sheriff's detectives are searching for a cellphone thief and they are hoping someone will recognize him in a surveillance video.
The theft happened around 1 p.m. on Jan. 15 at Financial Building Services, 2961 Center Port Circle, in Pompano Beach.
Victim Robert Palmer, 56, of Wellington, told detectives that an unknown man entered the warehouse and took off with his iPhone.
Surveillance video shows a man wearing a black polo shirt with white horizontal stripes, khaki shorts, tan boots and sunglasses entering the warehouse from the northeast side of the building. He went through the offices and walked out with Palmer's iPhone, investigators said.
The suspect is described as having a dark complexion, in his mid-30s, about 5-foot-9 and 190 pounds. He has a stocky build and a crew-cut with a bald spot, the video showed.
Investigators are urging anyone who recognizes the suspect to contact Broward Crime Stoppers, anonymously, at 954-493-8477.But what about the machine that first made Apple a juggernaut? Before the iPod and even the Macintosh, there was the Apple II, the computer the company launched with in 1977. Officially discontinued in 1993, the Apple II is antiquated by today's standards -- but retrocomputing fan Vince Briel recently gave it a boost.
His new A2MP3 expansion card gives the 1MHz machine the ability to play MP3 music files loaded from a USB drive. Its included software, written in Basic, runs in the background, letting Apple II enthusiasts listen to their tunes while simultaneously working in AppleWorks or playing Lode Runner. Future programs may load their own soundtracks from the card, giving classic-looking games a decidedly modern sound.
Briel debuted the A2MP3 card in 2009 at KansasFest, an Apple II convention held every July in Kansas City, Mo., but it didn't become commercially available until KansasFest 2011. There, Briel instructed attendees on how to assemble his A2MP3 kit. I followed along as workshop participant Andy Molloy (see his website) built and tested his MP3 card, specially branded with the KansasFest logo.
Those who missed the event can pre-order the card (sans KansasFest logo) from Briel Computers at $99.95 for the kit or $109.95 preassembled.
Related story: Watch me assemble an Apple-1 replica kit, also offered by Briel, at KansasFest 2009.Germany's 'forest boy' made up story, police say
A youth who turned up in Berlin last year saying he had been staying in woods for five years made up the story, German police have said.
Police said the boy, who called himself "Ray", was actually a Dutch 20-year-old who had been living in the Netherlands until last September.
They say his Dutch stepmother identified him from police photos. His real name is said to be Robin.
The boy was dubbed the "forest boy" by German media.
He became known after turning up at Berlin city hall late last year, claiming he was 17 years old and that he had lived in the woods for years with his father after the death of his mother.
He told police he had left the forest after his father died and he had buried the body.
But officers failed to locate the remains and said they had doubts about the story.
Possible fraud charges
A police statement on Friday said the boy had admitted inventing the story after being confronted with the results of the investigation.
It is not clear why Robin left the Netherlands and ended up in Berlin.
He spoke only English and a few words of German at the time, but quickly picked up the language.
Klaus Schubert, a spokesman for the Berlin police, said the new details had come to light after police published a photo of the boy and appealed for information.
He said police were considering charging him with fraud.
German news agency DPA says he was last seen in the Dutch town of Hengelo in September - just days before he surfaced in Berlin.
A Dutch school friend told Dutch television that the man had "personal problems".A new European Earth observation satellite will be launched in the early hours of Monday morning (2 November 2009) from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in northern Russia.
The European Space Agency Soil Moisture and, says:  adds.
Professor Robert Gurney from the University of Reading and the National Centre for Earth Observation, who is working on the mission, says: , Director of Science Delivery at the Natural Environment Research Council, says:  BNSC, Dr David Williams says: .
Source: Natural Environment Research Council
Explore further:
Image: Cambodian rivers from orbit
Please sign in to add a comment. Registration is free, and takes less than a minute. Read moreClick here to reset your password.
Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made..
Vivid Seats will not sell, share or distribute your information. View our full privacy policy.
Nobu Ticket Information
Have you heard a rumor that an event at Nobu is sold-out? At Vividseats.com we have a large selection of tickets to all events at Nobu and we sell them at a discount! Don't believe us? View the upcoming schedule of Nobu and click on "Find Your Seats" and you will find the tickets you want to fit almost any budget. In addition to providing tickets to Nobu events, we also information such as seating charts, venue information, maps, and directions. When buying tickets for an event at Nobu always use Vividseats.com.Wrestlemania 31 is tonight and apart from that fact I'm no longer bound to watching the event through Sky Box Office and paying an arm and a leg for it, I am beyond excited for the event because of the pretty decent card. Here are my predictions for the event.
1. Fatal Four Way Match for the WWE tag team title: Tyson Kidd and Cesaro Vs The New Day Vs Los Matadores Vs The Usos. I think Tyson Kidd and Cesaro will win this match. I'm really dissapointed that this match has been relegated to the pre show as this would have been a great display of the up and coming talent that include, in my opinion, future WWE champions such as Cesaro and Tyson Kidd. Expect high flying, fast paced action from this one.
2. The Andre The Giant Memorial Battle Royal: Again quite dissapointed that this has been moved to the pre show, however I understand that not everyone can make it onto the actual Wrestlemania 4 hour event. I'm not too sure who will win this. WWE has been pushing Miz, Mizdow and Curtis Axel leading up to Wrestlemania. I have a sneeking suspicion that one of the aforementioned men will win, but don't count out old faithfuls such as Big Show or Kane.
3. Ladder Match for the WWE Intercontinental Title: Bad News Barrett Vs R-Truth Vs Dean Ambrose Vs Luke Harper Vs Dolph Ziggler Vs Stardust Vs Daniel Bryan. This is one of the matches I'm looking forward to most. I'm really looking forward to seeing what the WWE will do with the Intercontinental Title. The smart money is on Daniel Bryan taking the belt home. A high profile face to go with the IC championship is just what the WWE needs and Bryan could provide that. I would like to see the likes of Ziggler or Barrett finally getting the recognition they deserve, but I doubt that will happen at such a high profile event.
4. WWE US Title Match: Rusev Vs John Cena. This is the second part of the WWEs plan to make the other singles title belts more high profile. This match is the prototypical Good USA vs Bad foreigner that was incredibley popular in the 80s and 90s, however it doesn't really excite me a great deal. I expect Cena to win the match and sell a tonne more t shirts.
5. Randy Orton Vs Seth Rollins. Another match on the card that I am excited to watch. There is a reason Seth Rollins is being touted as the future of the WWE and all you need to do is watch his matches with Cena and Lesnar at the Royal Rumble and his series against Dean Ambrose. He is a gifted athelete that seems more than dedicated to taking the WWE to a new level of popularity. Don't discount Randy Orton though. I expect this to be a great back and forth that would have been an entertaining WWE title match and could be for the future.
6. Paige and AJ Lee Vs The Bella Twins. Unfortunatley this match will be nothing but filler for the live crowd to go to the toilet or buy another hideous Cena t shirt, which is a shame because all four have proven to be more than decent in the ring. I expect nothing more than a Bella win.
7. Bray Wyatt Vs The Undertaker. If last year was all about pushing Brock Lesnar into the spot for unbeatable champion this years installment of The Undertaker saga will be about passing the torch to Bray Wyatt with regards to being the dark, mystical character for the future of the WWE. I doubt that Wyatt will actually win the match, however I expect it to be a great back and forth with plenty of high spots. I will be surprised to the Taker get Wyatt up for a tombstone.
8. Sting Vs Triple H. The match that nobody ever expected to see will happen tonight. I'm disspointed that this match hasn't happened earlier as both men are far from their prime. This doesnt mean that either has lost a step. The only concern is that Sting might encounter a little ring rust. I would have liked to see Stinger take on The Undertaker, but I think this match will a hell of a lot more entertaining to watch. The child inside me would like to see Sting win the match, but I think Triple H might add another high profile scalp to his collection.
9. WWE World Heavyweight Title Match: Brock Lesnar Vs Roman Reigns. I don't really know what to make of this match. I'm not the biggest Roman Reigns or Brock Lesnar so either way I'm not too bothered who holds the WWE Heavyweight Championship. This could go one of two ways; either an unexpected high point of Wrestlemania or a car crash of a match. I can't really decide what will happen. I still think putting the belt on Reigns would be a bit of a mistake so mabey Lesnar winning would the better of the best of a bad bunch. I think this might be the night that Rollins cashes in and becomes the WWE Heavyweight Champion and will lead us to a number of possibilities for future pay per view events.One woman dies after suspicious Fayette County house fire
One of the women critically injured in a Fayette County house fire has died, deputies said.
The woman, whose name has not been released, died Monday after sustaining injuries in early Sunday morning house fire near Oak Hill, according to a release from the Fayette Sheriff’s Office. Her body was sent to the state Medical Examiner’s office for autopsy.
A second woman injured in the blaze remained in critical condition at Cabell Huntington Hospital.
Firefighters found the women just inside the front door at a Gatewood Road home near Oak Hill when they responded to a fire at the house. Both had “extensive burns” and were flown to Cabell Huntington.
Deputies found that neither woman lived in the home and that the actual residents were out at the time of the fire. The occupants knew one of the women, detectives said.
Investigators still are looking into the fire and interviewing witnesses.It’s illegal for an immigrant to live in this country without a visa, which means, they are not legally allowed to work in our country. They don’t have a Social Security number or a way to pay taxes.
So why, exactly, did the California Supreme Court grant an illegal immigrant the right to practice law?
Forget the fact that lawyers are sworn to uphold the law…
Yes, he was brought here underage by a parent. And, yes, he attended our schools and has graduated without getting into any trouble.
He even applied for citizenship… 20 YEARS AGO!!! Supposedly, that’s still pending.
There are so many things wrong with this scenario it’s hard to know where to start.
Why would it take our immigration department more than 20 years to process someone’s paperwork? Did he try hard to followup? Was the slowdown because he was here illegally and they were busy processing people attempting to immigrate legally?
And then there’s our court system… WHAT were they thinking??
And now, this illegal alien is going to hang his shingle and open his own business, in our country, where he has no legal right to live… but he’s been granted the right to practice law (WORK) here by the state legal system, even though the Federal government says he can’t work here (NO VISA). Anyone else confused?
Can’t wait to see how this legal precedence plays out… what a mess!
You can read more about it here. Let me know if you figure it out.
Photo Credit MSOffice ClipArt., 1995. "Link formation in cooperative situations," Discussion Paper 1995-35, Tilburg University, Center for Economic Research.
- Mailath, George J., 1992. "Introduction: Symposium on evolutionary game theory," Journal of Economic Theory, Elsevier, vol. 57(2), pages 259-277, August.
- Radner, Roy, 1993. "The Organization of Decentralized Information Processing," Econometrica, Econometric Society, vol. 61(5), pages 1109-46, September.
-.
- Hendricks, Ken & Piccione, Michele & Tan, Guofu, 1995. "The Economics of Hubs: The Case of Monopoly," Review of Economic Studies, Wiley Blackwell, vol. 62(1), pages 83-99, January.
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:ems:eureir:1415...
After the forecasts in the FESTOS study are collected, the results will be shared with decision and policy makers in governments in Europe, Israel, the USA and other democratic nations. Policy makers will then be able to prepare for "foreseen" surprises.
Tel Aviv University is also taking a leading role in another significant foresight project. ICTAF centre now heads the Israel component of the Millennium Project — previously under the auspices of the United Nations — to assess the future state of the world in the areas of politics, science and technology, health practice, and economics.
If you liked this article, please give it a quick review on ycombinator, or Reddit, or StumbleUpon. Thanks
Featured articles
Ocean Floor Gold and Copper
Ocean Floor Mining CompanyPosted February 15, 2007
Thanks to the First Congregational Church of West Tisbury, the weekly suppers they host are another way the community can make it through the Island winter. Last Wednesday, folks gathered at the church, next to Alley's General Store, and feasted with fellow Islanders. Though in the past the dinners have been potluck-style, you only need to bring food if you wish. They are held every Wednesday from 5:30 to 7.
Pastor Roger Spinney loves to cook. It's a good thing he does because the popular suppers at the First Baptist Church in Vineyard Haven are not only delicious but a good way to raise funds for the newly restored church.From left: US actor Tom Hanks arriving for the 25th Palm Springs International Film Festival Awards Gala in Palm Springs, California, USA, yesterday. Actress Meryl Streep, who has starred in “August: Osage County” backstage with her Icon Award at the festival. Bono, lead singer of the rock group U2, attends the festival, which runs until January 13.When I was asked to review Lime Crime's Les Desserts d'Antoinette Nail Polish Collection I was hesitant as they are all pastels. I thought, oh great, seven chalky difficult to apply polishes here I come!
The first thing I notice with these polishes were the names. I loved them all.
Is it surprising I chose to wear this one first? I love sheer whites so this was the next best thing. It ended up flawless in two coats! It leans slightly beige pink.
Even the first coat was pretty amazing. Quickly, I began to realize these were not your average pastels.
'Lavendairy'
Standard bright lavender lilac pastel.
'Once In A Blue Mousse'
Oh man, I really loved this one. It reminded me very much of those Tiffany's like colors. See here.
'Parfait Day'
This pink is not quite as bright/neon in real life. Also, do you see the bubbling on my ring finger? That is an application issue; more on that later...
'Pastelchio' <---tee heee!
Woah MAMA! You like green? You like it LOUD!? Well this is your kind of green pastel then. This picture is in the shade too!
I was definitely self conscious wearing this bad boy.
'Peaches <3 Cream'
Seriously, that's the name. Someone asked what I was wearing. I had to pause and think of what to say...
"Peaches heart symbol Cream?!"
Somehow that doesn't quite have a ring to it. I substituted "and" for <3
This might be my first orange... I can't complain.
'Crema De Lemon'
As my sister says, if you want to wear yellow on your nails, why don't you just not wear basecoat for a while? How true. But when you can't wait for those dark colors to do their magic on your nail beds, this one will do the trick!
Actually, last time I wore yellow I was scared/scared so I left this guy for the very end because I thought I wouldn't like it. I was dead wrong.
What a nice yellow! It ended up being one of my favorites.
I thought this collection would come with your run of the mill pastel formula; I am happy to say this was not the case. The formula on all of these was a dense creme. If you are not careful, the
two coats it would normally take to make it opaque will give you
bubbles (at least that is what happened to me). Therefore, I opted for 3
super thin coats most of the time. My only other caution with these is, wear two coats of basecoat or you nails may stain, at least mine did.
These were sent for review.
They are 9 ml/0.3 oz
$5.99 each or $39.00 for all 7
On a superfluous note: The packaging is really cute and their site is so wonderfully whimsical!
You are right, those are some great shades. Really liking the green and peach and yellow and pink and lavender, oh heck I like the entire collection. LOL!
WHAT $39 for all of these, that's cray cray! They're sooo pretty!
I wasn´t really captivated by any other posts about these. But you managed to make me want them :P
Loved Milky Way, Lavandairy and Pastelchio!
These look great on you! I'm loving the green =)
I can't WAIT to get these!!!
I LOVE Lime Crime!! You are so lucky you were chosen to review these polishes!!!! Lavendairy has to be my favorite. I love the site too, Doe Deere is stunning!
I'm so jealous! I might just want them for the unicorns, lol! But I have to say, Milky Way is on my wishlist cause like you, I'm a sucker for them!
I find it funny that your like me and self conscious about what colors I wear on my nails, and that green might make me feel self conscious too....definitely a not at work polish, lol!
Damn...where can I get these...I love bright neons, and that green is awesome. I am one of those "love yellow polish" people, though, so I am drooling over all of these!
Whoo-Hoo, US shipping mouhahahaha!!!
It's nice to be able to find some pastels that are done correctly! Love Milky Way!
I just want to pry your nails off and gently place them upon my own.. IT RUBS THE CUTICLE OIL ON ITS CUTICLES OR IT GETS THE ACETONE AGAIN.
Comment WIN.
Oh my goodness gracious me. Love. I love all of them, except the green, not sure about the green
the shades are just so beautiful!!!
Woooah! Pastelchio looks fricking amazing! I might get that one some day. :D
I can't believe how much I like Milky Way, it looks just gorgeous on you!!!
HAHAHAA why not just wear basecoat if you want yellow nails! OMG that cracks me up big time! Oh Loodie how I love your humor! It's so me! I am thinking I may need to try a few of these-I've been seeing them around but wasnt sure-I am totally into orange and yellow right now-so I think I will hop over there and take a peek!
I am so impressed with the gorgeous pigmentation in these! I guess the price for that is some staining, but I've never seen a prettier collection of pastels.
these look better than the most cremes. I think I would love Milky way, good opaque non streaky white is so hard to find :( I wouldn't mind Once In A Blue Mousse and Pink Parfait either ^_^
These look great on you! I'm a member of the No-Pastel Committee but your swatches might have changed my mind. ^_^
lovely polish, but the owner of lime crime is a scammer and con artist.
very pretty colors=)
So much love for these colors. :)
Love the lemon shade and the aqua especially! Even though it's dark vampy season, these make me wish for spring a lil bit :)Calories in Oat Revolution! Oatmeal
Wondering how many calories are in Oat Revolution! Oatmeal?Manufactured by Better Oats
Oat Revolution! Oatmeal
Instant, Apples & Cinnamon
A Grade
130 Calories
Nutrition Facts
Serving Size 1 pouch (35 g)
Per Serving % Daily Value*
Calories 130
Calories from Fat 18
Total Fat 2g 3%
Saturated Fat 0g 0%
Cholesterol 0mg 0%
Sodium 180mg 7%
Potassium 100.02mg 3%
Carbohydrates 27g 9%
Dietary Fiber 3g 12%
Sugars 12g
Protein 3g
Vitamin A 20% · Vitamin C 0%
Calcium 10% · Iron 20%
*Based on a 2000 calorie diet
Oat Revolution! Oatmeal Calories and Health Benefits
Fat
Pro
Carb
Alc
GOOD POINTS
- No saturated fat
- No cholesterol
- High in iron
- High in riboflavin
- High in thiamin
- High in vitamin A
- High in vitamin B6
- High in vitamin E
Get Nutritional Facts and the Health Benefits for Oat Revolution! Oatmeal
Related Foods & Categories
Related Categories
Related Recipes
(Muscle Milk) Muscle Milk 'n Oats - Instant, Apple Cinnamon Flavor
(Mighty Oats) Instant Super Cereal - Level One, Blueberry Cinnamon
(Food Club) Toasted Oats - Apple Cinnamon
(Bokomo) Country Crunch Cereal - Oat, Apple & Cinnamon
(Love Grown) Oats - Hot, Apple Cinnamon
(Back to Nature) Graham Crackers - Oat, Apple Cinnamon
(Quaker Oats) Quakes Rice Cakes - Apple Cinnamon
(Open Nature) Instant Hot Cereal - Multi Grain, Apples with Cinnamon
(The Quaker Oats, Co.) Cookies - Oat Granola, Apple & Cinnamon
(America's Choice) Cereal - Toasted Oats Flavored with Apple & Cinnamon
(Newtons) Fruit Thins Cookies - Crispy, Apple Cinnamon O.DISCONTINUED
Read more about the Mamba Monster and Neu-Castle 15 series motors here.
These products are warranted to be free from manufacturing defects for a period of one year from date of purchase.
Electrics rule!
There's no doubt that Castle Mamba Monster powered 1/8th buggies offer more speed and more reliability than glow powered buggies with much less hassle, noise and mess.
Castle always goes the extra mile and our conversion kits are no exception. We've designed them such that you can use up to 3S lipo packs in series for 6S punch, and we've made two battery trays to keep the weight symmetrical on the chassis. The kits also include everything you need to reliably install your Mamba Monster controller and Neu-Castle 15 series motor in your nitro chassis.
These kits are super easy to install. Each part is custom made for the application, that means there is no need to drill holes in your car and your bodies will fit the conversion perfectly!
Battery compartments for all three kits measure 46mm x 155mm x 36mm.
Castle's conversion kits are tailor made for the respective cars.Taking part in The Cycling Weekly Sportive Series? Our nutrition partners PowerBar have provided a free nutrition guide for you to download.
Whether you are a first time sportive rider or a seasoned professional, our new nutrition partners PowerBar will not only be keeping you fuelled along the way during The Cycling Weekly Sportive Series, but they have also provided you with a free nutrition guide download that will help you to get the most out of your nutrition.
When you book any Cycling Weekly Sportive Series event eight weeks or more in advance you will receive a free PowerBar product pack worth £10.
The Cycling Weekly Sportive Series consists of 10 events across the UK.
Saturday 14th March – Wiltshire Wildcat Salisbury Racecourse, Wiltshire07 Jun 2012
Following court testimony from the Recording Industry Association of America in which popular search engines were asked to censor all links to illegally copied material, The Pirate Bay issued a statement agreeing with the censorship request.
Arguing that RIAA loses millions of dollars each year due to websites that violate property rights, RIAA’s CEO, Cary Sherman, believes that banning torrent links from search engines will help beef up sales again. With losses "down to $7 billion in 2011 from nearly $15 billion in 1999", Sherman agrees that pirated material is not the only issue.
"Major advertisers and ad agencies announced a series of voluntary best practices so that their valuable brands are not associated with rogue Internet sites that offer illegal goods, and advertisers don't inadvertently enrich rogue website operators," Sherman wrote in his online statement. "We hope other intermediaries like search engines will follow suit in negotiating voluntary marketplace best practices to prevent directing users to sites that are dedicated to violating property rights."
The Pirate Bay’s response in a blog post supports the idea and says such measures will only strengthen its position as the number one torrent website. Instead of visiting less known torrent trackers, users will visit The Pirate Bay’s webpage more often, it says.
,” said The Pirate Bay. “So from the bottom of our hearts, THANK YOU RIAA, this is great news for us! For once, we support your efforts in something! Let's make sure that TPB keeps on growing together!”agricultural bank of china-h
(1288:Hong Kong)
agricultural bank of china-h (1288) Snapshot
Related News
agricultural bank of china-h (1288) Related Businessweek News
agricultural bank of china-h (1288) Details
Agricultural Bank of China Limited provides corporate and retail banking products and services in the Mainland China and internationally. It operates through Corporate Banking, Personal Banking, Treasury Operations, and Others segments. The company’s deposit products include demand, loans with custody of export rebates accounts.: 03/24/15
agricultural bank of china-h (1288) Top Compensated Officers
agricultural bank of china-h (1288) Key Developments
Agricultural Bank of China Limited Presents at The China Debt Capital Markets Summit 2015, May-19-2015 11:35 AM. Venue: Park Hyatt Beijing, Beijing Province, China. Speakers: CHENG Kun, Head of Shanghai Office, Financial Market Department.
The board of directors of Agricultural Bank of China Limited announced that due to change of job assignment, Mr. ZHU Gaoming has tendered his resignation from the positions as the secretary to the Board and the company secretary of the Bank. According to the company Law of the People's Republic of China and the Articles of Association of the Bank, Mr. ZHU Gaoming's resignation took effect 5 May 2015, upon his resignation letter being received by the Board. Prior to the appointment of the new secretary to the Board by the Bank and the approval of his/her eligibility by China Banking Regulatory Commission, Mr. LI Zhenjiang, executive vice president of the Bank, will perform the duties of the secretary to the Board and the company secretary of the Bank. Mr. LI Zhenjiang served as the company secretary of the Bank from April 2010 to March 2014, and has been confirmed by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited that he is qualified to act as the company secretary of the Bank under Rule 3.28 and Rule 8.17 of the Rules Governing The Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.
Agricultural Bank of China Limited announced that the board meeting was held on April 28, 2015, it was resolved at the meeting to nominate Mr. CAI Huaxiang as an executive director of the Bank. The appointment of Mr. CAI Huaxiang as an executive director will be proposed to the shareholders' general meeting of the Bank for approval and his eligibility is subject to the ratification by China Banking regulatory commission.
Industry Analysis
1288
Industry Average.I got to the Supreme Court line at 8 a.m. and was told to
talk to a guy in a yellow Nautica jacket about getting in. He handed me a legal
pad and I wrote my name at 196. The order was self-enforcing, he said, and I
was on the cusp; I might get in.
Right after me, three women arrived, and we formed a loose
little group. The conversation was very careful, because you didn’t know where
anyone was coming from, except the curly-haired woman wearing a Gore button,
and unlike the raucous demonstration in front of the building, you couldn’t
yell at someone else and walk away-you had to live with these people for
several hours.
We’d been there only five minutes or so when the youngest of
us, a chic woman about 30 with a long pretty face, a white A-line skirt and
white fake fur boots, told us about her dream of Al Gore.
“I was in a hall in a state fair. There were all sorts of
booths and pie-eating contests and rope courses, and off at one side Al was
sitting on a folding metal chair at one of those pressed-board tables like in
high school. There was a feeling of peanuts and sawdust, after the party. I got
in the little line to talk to him, then I told him I just wanted him to know my
family was praying for him. I said he hadn’t gotten a fair shake.
“He thanked me, then he said, ‘Jen, the people must not
realize how ignorant George W. is, they must not understand.’
“I felt so-like I was breaking bad news to a little kid. I
said I think they did know, and they didn’t care. His eyes were full of hurt
and disbelieving. ‘That can’t be true,’ he said, ‘it can’t be right.'”
It was exciting and embarrassing to hear the dream. It was
brave of Jen to tell us, but the two other women were older and one of them was
a little tough, the one with the Gore button. The dream seemed to anger her a
little, suggesting that Al Gore was going to lose.
Then Jen said, “There was another part to the dream. I went
on to a booth where you test your skill. There was a box of tools and a wall of
like plumbing, or electric, to fix a technical problem. I had no idea how to do
it, and then Al came over. He said, ‘I think you want to use this tool.’ He
showed me exactly how to do it, and he was really comfortable-”
Jen said she likes that dream because that’s what she wants
of Al Gore if he loses-not to be crushed by it, but to play a role in public
life, fixing something, to set up a foundation and be like Jimmy Carter.
I said, “But couldn’t Al Gore run in 2004 if he lost?” The
women laughed at me. And the curly-haired woman with the Gore button said that
when people said that if Vice President Gore just exited gracefully he could
walk in in 2004, that was a trap. He’d be branded a loser. So the women
respected him for pushing his rights as far as he could. This was his last shot
at the country fair.
After that I went over to the demonstration for a while,
still in the intimate mood of the women and the dream (it turns out the dreamer
is a Boston artist, Jennie Packard). The sudden grave concern about the
legitimacy of institutions that has been animating the pundits for the last few
days is very patriarchal. It’s about fatherly institutions maintaining a stern
face of authority so that order is maintained. I think of Cokie Roberts
freaking out on TV months ago when someone questioned the legitimacy of the
Electoral College. She surely wants a 9-0 decision from the Court.
But the Court’s 5-4 split has been thrilling, because it
feels intimate. It’s made clear that these are people, too, with passions. Bob
Dylan said, “Even the President has to stand naked,” and that goes for the
Court, too. Soon they’ll be on television.
Out in front of the Court, the Bush demonstration was small
and had lost its edge since I’d last been in Washington two weeks before, while
the Gore demonstration had gotten huge and was wickedly funny. There was a guy
wearing a T-shirt that said “Rednecks Fer Bush.” He had some of his teeth
blacked out. People were shouting about Clarence Thomas’ Coke can, while the
more sober demonstrators wore orange AIDS-style lapel ribbons that signify
Count Every Vote, and some people were holding up a green plastic fence with
hundreds of ribbons woven through it of lost votes, with real names, like an
AIDS quilt.
(Later, when Montana Governor Marc Racicot gave an interview
on the steps over them, the Gore crowd chanted, “Racicot lies,” and when David
Boies came down the steps, looking a little like a Budget rental car run off
the road by Scalia’s semi, the crowd roared with approval.)
Outsiders always have better demonstrations than insiders,
and just in the last two weeks, the liberals have become the righteous
outsiders again, as in old times. They have a good civil rights issue-count
every vote-and they are questioning authority. For weeks after George Bush is
inaugurated, the liberal media will be going to Florida to investigate dimpled
ballots, and stirring up the anger more.
They are exactly where the conservatives were a few years
ago. They also had clear issues involving civil rights and arrogant
authority-from the Travel Office to Waco to the intimidation of Clinton
women-that were brushed aside and stonewalled by the ins. Investigation after
investigation coming up with nothing on Bill Clinton, and the corporate press
dismissing the claims as conspiracy theory, and the same rot about We need to keep legitimacy, so shut up .
Someday when all this factionalizing is over, after some
crisis that reunifies the country along consensual lines, maybe even the libs
screaming outside the Supreme Court will look back on the Court’s 9-0 Paula
Jones decision as a noble one. It was about the right of a citizen to seek
redress from a great man. The Court said that the case shouldn’t distract the
President from his duties, and they were right, it shouldn’t have. Bill Clinton
could have won the case on the merits-and did. As it was, he failed the Supreme
Court’s distraction test, and put his energy into trying to control the
witnesses, and the Court boycotted his State of the Union speech. The Court may
still be reeling from that now. The President gave up his legitimacy in the
name of self-interest, so they’re giving up theirs, too.
I got back in line with the women. One guy walked by with a
poster that said, “Don’t Cry, Little W, The Circus Is In Town.” With daddy
George burping little George over his shoulder and the five conservative judges
portrayed as clowns. Jen talked about her sympathy for George Bush. He seems so
scared and overwhelmed, she said, it reminds her of the times she’s bitten off
more than she could chew.
“Did you have a dream about him?” I asked.
The other two women
laughed nervously.
“No,” Jen said, but then we talked about our anxiety dreams.
Jen and the curly-haired woman said in their naked dreams they’re wearing bra
and underwear. But the fourth woman, who had black hair, and I said that ours
are stark naked. Not a stitch of clothing. Maybe a book to hold over myself.
A man came out of the Court talking excitedly about what
he’d seen during his five minutes inside. He said he was never going to forget
one moment that seemed real, when the Bush lawyer (actually Joseph Klock) had
kept getting the justices’ names wrong and Justice Scalia had said, “I’m
Scalia.” The place had broken up. That was the history the man was going to
hang on to, a piece he belonged to.
The man went off and we waited. The minutes ticked away, and
it didn’t look good for us. The fourth, dark-haired woman said she’d once been
at an airport with delayed connections, along with Ruth Bader Ginsburg. They
were out west coming east, and she knew she wasn’t going to miss her connection
if she just stuck to Justice Ginsburg. But Justice Ginsburg had marshals with
her, so you could only get so close.Spring 2007
I Must Be Mad
I walked in and much to my dismay, no Australian collection. They did have the new Essies out and some of the OPI Brights are on clearance but no Aussies. I decided to ask about the collection, in case they had received it but not put it out. Sure enough, it was sitting back in the salon area all ready for the February 7th launch. I asked if I could take pictures of them and even though she looked completely confused by the request, she pulled out the display and let me snap some shots. I told her I was writing an online article but all she wanted to know is if she’d get in trouble.
A few customers came in while I was taking pictures so I apologize for the poor quality. I didn’t want to monopolize the counter and block the register so I did the best I could in fluorescent lighting. I can only imagine what those ladies thought when they walked in the store and saw some loon taking pictures of polish.
Here are some close ups of each row with labels.
NOTD: Creative Hyper Fresh
I’m continuing with my “Dare Week.” I was dared to do a white creme but I don’t own any of those so I chose Creative Hyper Fresh from their new Optix collection for spring.
Creative Optix Collection
.
Creative_7<<by Urbandroid Team
Screenshots
Developer Notes
Unlocks the "Sleep as Android" application - the alarm clock with sleep cycle tracker. This is not a subscription but a lifetime license. Install this "Unlock" and enjoy all features.
Sleep as Android is a smart alarm clock with sleep cycle tracking. Wakes you gently in optimal moment for...I gave up on OSX. I could not get the media center working the way I wanted. Plex and XBMC have their bugs, as previously posted, twice, preventing predictable functionality. MythTV for OSX simply is not as refined as its native Linux counterpart. It feels like running Windows applications via wine. I just scrapped OSX for Ubuntu Karmic. Out of the box, off of the cd, things work great. Audio works perfect. What didn’t work? The Mac Mini remote control. I tried for a day to get it to work the hard way. I saw that /dev/usb/hiddev1 was working and displaying data; shown with cat. But lirc would not bind to the device. Ultimately I removed the program, and ran a system update. Problem resolved; clearly a bug report was filed and a resolution provided.
Fanart and coverart work fine. The Linux based fronted is seamless compatible with the Linux based MythTV server. I didn’t even need to input the servers ip information manually. I did have to set the repeat feature, for each key in ~/.lirc/mythtv.
Now all I want is to have MythTV sleep the system and wake the system. I get it to sleep the system by making the halt script sudo pm-suspend. Adjust your /etc/sudoers files to allow passwordless sudo for /usr/sbin/pm-suspend. The halt script is configured in setup-general settings. Waking the computer is another thing that I have yet to get working.American Chiropractic Assn
The American Chiropractic Association (ACA), based in Arlington, VA, representing doctors of chiropractic. Its stated mission is to preserve, protect, improve, and promote the chiropractic profession and the services of Doctors of Chiropractic for the benefit of the patients they:
- $332,078
- Total Spent:
- $350,568
- Cash on Hand:
- $31$198,400 Chiropractic Assn
Names of Lobbyists
-
Most Frequently Disclosed Lobbying Issues
- Health Issues,
- Medicare & Medicaid,
- Defense,
- Veterans Affairs
Most Frequently Disclosed Bills
RegulationsMentioned in Chiropractic Assn" in public comments on proposed federal regulations.
Documents Submitted by the Organization
- Submissions
- Agency
- Docket
- Date
- Toggle 1 OPM Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: Establishment of Multi-State Plan Program for Affordable Insurance Exchanges 2012
- Toggle 1 HHS Medicaid Program: Initial Core Set of Health Quality Measures for Medicaid-Eligible Adults 2011
- Toggle 1 HHS Establishment of Exchanges and Qualified Health Plans 2011
Mentions in Document Text
- Mentions
- Agency
- Docket
- Date
- Toggle 2 FDA Effective Date of Requirement for Premarket Approval for Shortwave Diathermy for All Other Uses 2012
- Toggle 2 CMS Uniform Disclosure to Consumers: Benefit Design, Cost Sharing, & Standards for Definitions 2011
- Toggle 2 CMS Exchanges Part II--Standards Related to Essential Health Benefits; Health Insurance Issuer and Exchange Responsibilities with Respect to Actuarial Value, Quality, and Accreditation CMS-9980-P 2012
- Toggle 2 HHS Establishment of Exchanges and Qualified Health Plans HHS Medicaid Program: Initial Core Set of Health Quality Measures for Medicaid-Eligible Adults 2011
- Toggle 1 CMS Regulatory Provisions to Promote Program Efficiency, Transparency, and Burden Reduction 2011
- Toggle 1 CMS Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; Health Insurance Market Rules CMS-9972-P 2012
- Toggle 1 CMS Electronic Health Record Incentive Program – Stage 2 "Meaningful Use" 2012Sep.
19th
Federal agents raid Puyallup smoke shop
From"Where I listen to my husband's record collection, one record at a time, and tell you what I think." Link. via Euclid Records
"Where I listen to my husband's record collection, one record at a time, and tell you what I think." Link. via Euclid Records :" »
Continue reading "MP3: The Gay Knights - The Loudness Of My Heart PET 801-1958 Doo Wop!" »
Interesting Rockabilly version of Maybellene. On the "Record-of-the Month Club" Label.
Buy this actual record on eBay right now.
Continue reading "MP3: The Gum Drops - "Natural Born Lover" King-4963" »
Continue reading "MP3s: Chuck Berry - No Particular Place To Go/You Two - Chess 1898 (1964)" »
Rare Bubblegum single from 1969 by The Amazing Pickles.
The Amazing Pickles - I Like Ice Cream
The Amazing Pickles - A Wish Of Love
Continue reading "MP3s: The Amazing Pickles - I Like Ice Cream/A Wish Of Love - Philips - USA - 40583 - Bubblegum!" »
Recent CommentsCoach Returns
Coach returns to the loft on New Girl. "Coach" is the seventh episode of the show's third season.
- Photo Credit:
- FOX
- Show:
- New Girl
- Episode:
- New Girl Season 3 Episode 7: "Coach"
- Related Photos:
- New Girl Photos, New Girl Season 3 Episode 7 Photos
- Related Post:
-
- Uploaded by:
- Christine Orlando
- Uploaded:
-New 2014 / 2015 MINI Cooper Coupe For Sale
MINI Cooper CoupeChoose another car
Not sure what you want?
Find the models that are right for you using the CarGurus Car Finder.
- Quickly search among 129 MINI dealers.
- Over 137 MINI Cooper Coupe listings nationwide.
- Negotiate with knowledge of nearby inventory and pricing guidance
- Buy from dealers with the best reputationAno-rectal intussusception, observed in patients with outlet obstruction, rather than any associated rectocele, has been claimed to be a major determinant of difficult evacuation [1]. This may explain why previous surgery aimed at correcting the rectocele frequently failed to control obstructive defecation syndrome (ODS) [2]. The observation of improved evacuation after stapled rectopexy suggested a role for internal rectal prolapse and rectal intussusception, with or without rectocele, in ODS. This led to the development of Stapled Trans-Anal Rectal Resection (STARR) [3], which aimed to remove redundant rectum and to restore normal rectal anatomy. Encouraging results were reported by many authors [4–10], but the commonly used prolapsing haemorrhoidal stapler, PPH 01 (Ethicon Endo-Surgery; Cincinnati, OH, USA), has limitations in the amount of rectal wall that can be resected; furthermore, the use of a circular stapler also requires retraction of the opposite rectal wall with a retractor. In addition, resection is performed ‘blind’ after trans-anal insertion of the stapler. These technical limitations may explain some of the difficulties and complications experienced with the STARR technique [11–14].
A new device has been designed to overcome these difficulties. The Contour® Transtar™ stapler (Ethicon Endo-Surgery; Cincinnati) is designed to allow tailored modulation of the amount of rectal wall to be resected and to improve open visualization of the procedure.
This study has been designed by a multi-national European group of surgeons experienced in the conventional double circular stapler STARR procedure. Its aim was to assess the feasibility of the Contour® Transtar™ stapler and to record functional results up to 1 year.
A prospective multicentre trial was designed in patients with internal rectal prolapse or intussusception with or without rectocele. Outcome parameters included perioperative morbidity and postoperative functional outcome. The intra-operative data analysed included operative time, complications and technical aspects, such as the number of used cartridges and weight of the resected specimen. Hospital stay and postoperative complications, graded in accordance with the severity score of Dindo et al. [15], were documented. The severity of the functional defecation disorder was assessed in every patient before and after surgery by the ODS score [16], severity of symptoms score (SSS) [17] and the Jorge-Wexner continence score (CCF) [18]. The follow-up outpatient visits were scheduled at 6 weeks and 3 and 12 months.
Eleven centres from seven European countries contributed patients to the trial. All investigators were experienced in the STARR technique with the double PPH 01 [3]. They were required to complete a 2-day training programme at the education centre of Ethicon EndoSurgery (Norderstedt, Germany). Immediately after the training, all STARR procedures using the new device in every centre were monitored by the preceptor AS (Co-author). The procedure, Stapled Trans-anal Rectal Resection (STARR) with Contour® Transtar™ Curved Cutter Stapler, from hereon is referred to as ‘Transtar’.
From January to June 2007, consecutive patients with defecation disorder caused by rectal redundancy were eligible for enrolment. Conservative treatment with diet, laxatives, enemas and/or physiotherapy had been tried in all patients without success. Rectal redundancy, intussusception with or without anterior rectocele, were diagnosed by clinical examination and confirmed by dynamic magnetic resonance (MR)- or conventional defecography. Exclusion criteria for a Transtar procedure were in accordance with the consensus statement recently published by the Pioneers group [19]. These included patients with concurrent severe ano-rectal pathology (including anal stenosis), active ano-rectal infection, proctitis, chronic diarrhoea and previous anterior resection with rectal anastomosis, as well as patients with any foreign material (such as mesh) adjacent to the rectum or with a psychiatric disorder. Patients with a low fixed enterocele at rest, external rectal prolapse and paradoxical contraction of the puborectalis and sphincter muscles (anismus) diagnosed by proctography and manometry, were also not considered straightforward candidates for a feasibility study. Preoperatively, all patients were evaluated by a full history, physical examination and laboratory tests according to local clinical guidelines.
Preoperative preparation included one or two phosphate enemas the morning of surgery, routine deep vein thrombosis prophylaxis and perioperative broad spectrum antibiotics. General or regional anaesthesia was used based on the individual surgeon’s preference. The patient was placed in the lithotomy position with the hips in hyperflexion. An initial examination was undertaken to confirm the presence and extent of the internal rectal prolapse and rectocele and also to confirm the absence of co-existent pathology. The Contour® Transtar™-STR5G (Ethicon EndoSurgery Inc., Cincinnati, OH, USA) stapling kit was opened (Fig. 1) and the circular anal dilator (CAD) gently introduced and fixed to the perianal skin with four cardinal 1/0 silk sutures. A swab was inserted and gently pulled outward to visualize the apex of the intussusception.
An initial 2/0 prolene traction suture was placed at the 2 o’clock position into the apex of the intussusception and two or three further full-thickness bites were taken so that the needle exited at the 1 o’clock position when the suture was loosely tied. Working anticlockwise, similar sutures were placed between the 12 and 11 o’clock, 10 and 9 o’clock, 8 and 7 o’clock, 6 and 5 o’clock and 4 and 3 o’clock positions, resulting in six traction sutures placed circumferentially around the apex of the intussusception, leaving a gap between 4 and 2 o’clock for the opening radial staple cut (Fig. 2).
A 5th traction suture was placed at the 3 o’clock position at the point of opening of the prolapse, and this was tied tightly such as to be able to collapse the tissue like a concertina. A loop was made in the end of this suture through which the Transtar stapler was passed into the distal rectum. Traction was applied to the 3 o’clock suture to bring the prolapse into the jaws of the stapler, and the stapler retaining pin was then inserted and the stapler was closed. A period of 15 s was allowed between closing and firing of the stapler to maximize tissue compression and subsequent haemostasis, during which time a vaginal examination was performed to ensure that none of the posterior vaginal wall had been included. The stapler was fired resulting in a radial cut into the prolapse, opening up the intussusception. A Vicryl marker suture (20) was placed at the apex of the radial cut to act as a reference point for the beginning and end of the circumferential resection and to prevent ‘spiralling’ of the staple line. One thread of the loop was pulled into the head of the device and the other pulled behind. During the first cut, the head of the device was held radial to the CAD, to open the intussusception. The retaining pin was closed manually; checking the vagina with a finger and the device was closed and fired. It was then removed from the rectum. An orientation suture was placed at the end of the opened intussusception, thus marking the end of the circumferential resection (see below) reinforcing the anastomosis (Fig. 3).
After replacing the stapler cartridge, the device was re-introduced into the rectum and rotated anticlockwise with traction on the 2 to 12 o’clock and 11 to 9 o’clock sutures to bring the redundant anterior prolapse into the jaws of the stapler. The retaining pin and the stapler were closed and the vagina checked prior to firing the stapler (Fig. 4). The resection proceeded in a anticlockwise direction until a full-thickness circumferential resection had been performed. Particular care was taken with the final stapler firing, using the marking suture at the 3 o’clock position as a reference point, to ensure that the resection terminated at the same position as it had begun. The final staple line was inspected for bleeding which were secured with interrupted 3/0 Vicryl as required. Reinforcement sutures were placed as deemed necessary, but particularly at the intersection of individual staple lines. The resection specimen was sent for histological analysis which included the height and weight of the specimen, evidence of the presence of full-thickness rectal wall, and the presence/absence of peritoneum.
The patients were started on a low-fibre and easily digestible diet from the first postoperative day. No further antibiotics were administered. The patients were given analgesics including non steroidal anti-inflammatory agents and morphine as required. Low molecular heparin was given until discharge from hospital, which depended on the patient’s pace of recovery. Patients were closely assessed for any complication.
Monitoring of complications and adverse events was followed up in the outpatient clinic at 6 weeks, 3 and 12 months postoperatively. Data were collected on a web-based database with each participating centre having an exclusive ID and password.
All data were coded and analysed using SPSS 13 (Statistical Package for the Social Sciences; SPSS, Chicago, IL, USA). Comparisons between preoperative and postoperative scores were performed using the nonparametric Mann–Whitney U-test, Kruskal–Wallis test where appropriate. Qualitative data were compared using chi-square test or two tailed Fisher exact test. Values of P<0.05 were considered statistically significant.
During the period between January 2007 and June 30, 2007, 75 patients having trans-anal rectal resection using the Contour® Transtar™ were entered into the prospective registry. All had been followed up for 12 months. The majority were females (97%) with a median age of 64 (range 20–83) years and a median body mass index (BMI) of 25 (range 17–40) kg/m2. Thirty-two per cent had a previous hysterectomy, 16% an urogynaecological procedure prior to STARR, and 19% had minor ano-rectal surgery. An anterior rectocele was present in 93% and 76% and 51% had an internal rectal prolapse and/or rectal mucosal prolapse. Perineal descent was present in 49%, and 8% of patients had a concomitant enterocele.
The median operative time was 45 (ranging from 24 to 90) min and the median hospitalization was 4 (ranging from 1 to 16) days. The median width and length of the resected specimen were 81 and 48 mm respectively, and the median weight was 30 g. A median number of six (ranging from four to nine) cartridges was used. Histology of the specimen showed full-thickness rectal wall with perirectal fat in all cases. Postoperatively, the first bowel movement occurred after a median of 2 (ranging from 1 to 4) days.
Seven (9%) intra-operative difficulties were reported. These included partial dehiscence of the staple line in four patients requiring immediate additional suturing (with no further surgical re-intervention), and spiral resection in three patients requiring conservative treatment by observation and oral antibiotic medication, but no further surgical treatment. Postoperatively, five (7%) complications occurred including two grade IIIb (bleeding in two patients requiring re-operation), two grade IIIa (bleeding requiring rectoscopic haemostasis and one urinary retention with the need for catheterization), and one grade II (hypotensive episode treated medically). There was no death or serious morbidity such as rectovaginal fistula formations.
A statistically significant reduction in both ODS and SSS scores was observed at a 12-month follow-up (Tables 1 and 2). Overall, 77.3% (n = 58) of the patients experienced improvement of ODS and 22.7% had no change. The changes in ODS and SSS are shown in Figs 5 and 6. The mean reduction of the ODS was −15.6 (95% CI: −17.3 to −13.8; P<0.0001), and of the SSS −12.6 (95% CI: −14.2 to −11.2; P<0.0001).
The mean preoperative CCF incontinence score (3.5) was reduced to 1.0 at 12 months giving a mean reduction of −2.7 (95% CI: −4.0 to −1.5, P < 0.0001). Forty-one per cent of patients stated improvement of their continence status by CCF score and four (5%) patients had a deterioration of continence. Faecal urgency assessed by the SSS score among 73 patients available for analysis occurred for the first time in 13% (n = 10) 12 months after trans STARR and pre-existing urgency resolved in 22% (n = 16) in whom it was present preoperatively.
Stapled Trans-Anal Rectal Resection has been proposed for the treatment of the ODS in the presence of internal rectal prolapse (rectal intussusception) and associated rectocele. This is the first report with medium-term results of this technique performed with the new Contour® Transtar™ Curved Cutter Stapler. The device has been developed to overcome the potential drawbacks of the original STARR using the haemorrhoidal stapler (PPH 01). This procedure is technically demanding and there is a learning curve period during which resection is difficult in about a tenth of cases. In the present trial, the procedure had a low postoperative morbidity (7%) and reduced obstructed defecation in all patients. More than 90% of our patients had an anterior rectocele while only 8% had an enterocele. Our main inclusion criterion was a full-thickness internal rectal prolapse associated with ODS.
The new device effectively allows a full-thickness resection of the entire rectal circumference. This was consistent with the mean size and weight of the specimens obtained, which were at least twice the weight of a standard double-stapler specimen. The length of rectal wall to be resected may be tailored to the patient’s anatomy and surgeon’s choice and is not limited by the device. It is not known whether resecting more tissue will improve the functional outcomes further but the technique with the Contour® Transtar™ instrument proved satisfactory in our hands. It was however found to be more demanding than the procedure with the conventional STARR PPH instrument. Dehiscence and spiralling of the staple line were detected intra-operatively in 9% of procedures, with the need for manual oversewing although this had no impact on the postoperative morbidity in any of the patients with obstructed defecation pathology.
Spiral resection may be a technical problem specifically related to this procedure. It is caused by the staple line ending inwards or outwards with respect to the beginning of the suture line; leaving an island of tissue in the gap between the two lines which may potentially cause anastomotic leakage. In the learning phase, this may have resulted from excessive or uneven traction on the parachute stitches at the edge of the prolapse or to excessive thickness of tissue incorporated into the jaws of the device. If this is so, the height and depth of the lateral stitch at 3 o’clock appears to be critical for determining the height of the staple line, as well as the amount of tissue to be resected. Immediate detection of possible staple-line leakage is crucial. The low postoperative complication rate of 7% contrasts with 16% (0 [10]–38% [11]) reported for the conventional STARR procedure with the PPH instrument. Other than two cases of bleeding from the stapler line, there were no complications which required re-operation with anaesthesia. There were no cases of pelvic floor sepsis [11], recto-vaginal fistula formation [20], rectal diverticulum [14,20] or persisting pelvic pain [13,20], all of which have been described following the STARR procedure. The Transtar appears to be as safe as the PPH-STARR and the complication rate reported in this study is acceptable. Furthermore, more extensive resection does not appear to be associated with a higher rate of complications or an increased safety of the device.
Incontinence has been claimed to be a potential postoperative drawback of STARR [12,21] and for some its presence may be a contraindication to trans-anal surgery for ODS [22]. Impaired continence may however be part of the symptom aetiology of patients with internal rectal prolapse and an intact sphincter and not by itself a contra-indication to surgery. In this study, only 5% of the patients complained of new onset incontinence, while 41% of these with a degree of incontinence preoperatively that were improved at 1 year after operation. Faecal urgency is commonly considered to be part of continence disorder and is not accounted for separately in the Cleveland continence system. It is however an independent item of the SSS, which showed a new onset of urgency in 13% of patients. It is noteworthy however that 22% of the patients who had urgency preoperatively were relieved of this symptom by the operation.
Patients should be carefully selected for the STARR procedure. The present authors have previously developed an algorithm for patient selection for the STARR procedure [19]. The strict adoption of the algorithm for the entry of patients into this study, combined with extensive experience with STARR using double PPH and training in the use of the new device may explain the results achieved in this study.
The Contour® Transtar™ device appears to facilitate more tailored surgery, including a real circumferential full-thickness resection with the potential of removing more tissue. This may lead to an improved functional outcome. Reports of function after the STARR with PPH have been encouraging [4–10] and the Transtar procedure seems to produce results at least as good as that judged by constipation scoring systems. This might suggest that larger resections may perhaps not be the sole factor determining a good postoperative outcome, but it is our opinion that STARR with Transtar is a more satisfactory technique for trans-anal rectal resection.
There was no financial support and affiliation for this prospective study. The authors are consultants of Ethicon EndoSurgery (Europe) GmbH.
References
Figures
Tables
The obstructed defecation syndrome score before and at 12 months after the Transtar™ stapling procedure.
*P < 0.0001.
Severity of symptoms score before and at 12 months after Transtar™ stapling procedure.
*P < 0.0001.
Previous Document: Anastomotic leakage after anterior resection for rectal cancer: risk factors.
Next Document: Morbidity and mortality after closure of loop ileostomy.![if !IE]><![endif]>.
Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (allo-HSCT) is the only curative treatment for patients with relapsed/refractory leukemia, and marrow failure states such as myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) and aplastic anemia.
The therapeutic benefits of allo-HSCT for hematologic malignancies are primarily derived from an anti-leukemia effect (graft-versus-leukemia effect or GvL) that is mediated by mature donor T cells present in the donor graft. Unfortunately, the same donor T cells that mediate the beneficial GvL effect can also cause graft-versus-host disease (GvHD), the major life-threatening complication of allo-HSCT. Those patients that develop acute GvHD after transplant have an increased risk of treatment related mortality. Thus, defining an approach to harness the GvL effect while reducing or eliminating GvHD should have a transformative impact on enhancing the quality of life and survival of transplant patients.
The overall objective of this application, is to assess the efficacy of azacitidine (AzaC) to suppress GvHD while maintaining GvL in humans. Regulatory T cells (Tregs) contribute to the maintenance of self-tolerance and mitigate GvHD, while preserving the beneficial GvL effect. It has been shown that the expression of Foxp3, the master gene of Tregs, is regulated by DNA methylation. We recently reported that the hypomethylating agent azacitidine (AzaC) induces FOXP3 expression in vitro and increases Tregs in vivo, thereby mitigating GvHD without abrogating GvL in a murine allo-HSCT model.
Our central hypothesis is that AzaC will induce similar immunomodulatory effects (induction of FOXP3+ Tregs, suppression of GvHD and preservation of GvL activity) in human T cells that will reduce GvHD and preserve GvL. In Aim 1 we will perform a Phase I/II clinical trial to examine the safety and effectiveness of AzaC treatment as GvHD prophylaxis in patients with AML and MDS undergoing allogeneic stem cell transplant. In Aim 2 we will interrogate the molecular mechanism/s underlying the suppressive function of AzaC-induced Tregs and optimize the use of AzaC and and other DNMT1 inhibitors to modulate GvHD and GvL in murine allo-HSCT models.