Strategy & Consultation
Facebook Ad Management
Facebook Banner Design
Video Production & Editing
Copywriting & Content Creation
Community Management
Your Roadmap to Success
Leverage our approach to generating brand awareness, engaging customers and increasing leads & sales.
At North Star Digital we work with innovative and modern-minded companies by leveraging up-to-date digital marketing strategies to grow their business.
Businesses often need a fresh and objective set of eyes to revitalize their marketing efforts and stay competitive in a fast-changing world. North Star Digital has extensive expertise in helping companies to further grow their businesses using the latest marketing technologies and strategies.
It’s in the nature of many entrepreneurs to try to do everything by themselves. Our recommendation: A smart division of labor. North Star Digital knows how to make every precious penny in your marketing budget work smarter and harder. You do what you do best and we’ll do what we do best – leverage our skills to drive marketing results for your company.
The leaders of tech companies typically don’t have the time to market their businesses effectively. That’s where North Star Digital comes in. We have a proven track record of vaulting technology-based companies into positions of prominence and leadership in their markets through online marketing
They have been amazingly reliable and are very knowledgeable. We have learned so much from them!
North Star Digital knew exactly what we needed for our brand.
They did a great job, communicated well with us and finished the project successfully.
I am so happy with the outstanding quality and services! The performance is excellent.
With their great expertise they always brought our ideas to life based on our needs and wishes.
.
Talent2suit recruiting Medical Representative Experienced(1 to 3 Years) candidates in Hyderabad, Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam, Bangalore, Thiruvananthapuram, Ongole. The Talent2suit vacancies for Medical Representative is filled through Telephonic Interview etc. Talent2suit jobs for Experienced(1 to 3 Years) candidates are very common in nature as the company recruits a lot of Experienced(1 to 3 Years) candidates every year based on the skills -Medical Representative. The candidates with BSc, B.Pharm, B.P.Ed are selected to full fill the vacancies in Pharmacist / Medical Rep job field.
The Experienced(1 to 3 Years) candidates applying for Medical Representative should have a degree or post-graduation in the required field based on the requirement mentioned. The jobs are available in Full Time basis. When it comes to Talent2suit recruitment, Experienced(1 to 3 Years) candidates are mostly chosen for the department Pharmacist / Medical Rep. To learn more about the current jobs and other details, it is better to go through official site of Talent2suit and Freshersworld. The Freshersworld is a leading employment portal that researches the official site of Talent2suit and provides details about the current vacancies, the application process, selection process, test details, important dates and other information.
Your application has not been considered as this Job is restricted to Premium Candidates only. In order to apply, Upgrade to Premium Membership now.Founder & CEO of Slim & Sage Tatyana Beldock joins Lisa to talk about Slim & Sage– a collection of stunningly designed plates that are scientifically-based for portion control to make eating healthy feel effortless, discreet and luxurious. This is IDEAL for all of those out there that would love to shed a few pounds, and get toned. Also, as an added bonus, the special edition BLUE plate is great - as this VERY color is a natural appetite suppressant - PERFECT FOR EFFORTLESSLY GETTING IN SHAPE!
Tatyana is an executive, entrepreneur and investment professional with 15+ years of experience in the healthcare and consumer sectors as an entrepreneur, venture capitalist, industry executive, Wall Street analyst and government advisor.Pressure. It can form beauty from the havoc in its surroundings.
We all face various forms of pressure in our lives. Work, traffic, family, it comes at us from all sides and, at times, seems never ending. We endure aspects of our lives that generate more pressure in the hopes of eventually finding an escape, a safe haven, from which we regain control.
Becuase of this, it only seems logical that when we create a business, we work to avoid the pressures that assail us. We are building from our passions, an ideal we love, to create something more than what we have. No matter what the driving force is that pushes you forward, we all seek a common goal to some degree. To live in an environment we enjoy and control. Why then, would you invite pressure into that?
In nature, forces beyond what we can imagine influence our surroundings. Immense pressure from expanding gases pushed the molten rock to the surface to form exotic islands and majestic mountains. It is from these pressures that the beauty we seek to escape to comes.
But what about us? Our business? Do we not want to avoid those pressures we see as a hindrance in life?
I was reading an article written by Benjamin P. Hardy, a postgraduate student studying Organizational Psychology, on Medium today when this excerpt caught my attention:.
Exploding Heads – It can get messy!
As mere mortals, when exposed to pressures we perceive at first to be insurmountable, we have two basic instincts that influence our actions – fight, or flight.
For a lot of people, when they see something that they are uncomfortable with confronting, the brain reacts by trying to push it away. We want our ‘comfortable space’ back again. When we over react, our mind goes into panic mode, and our head explodes. It makes a terrible mess as we make irrational choices to remove ourselves from the pressures being placed on us. And it doesn’t end there!
In business, we are seen as the leaders of what we create. What do you think happens when others see your head explode? You got it, theirs does too! Now you have a group of people all standing around reacting to the choices you made, and the mess compounds.
There are two main groups you encounter at this point. The first run away!
When they see your reactions, they take flight! They are out of there faster than a cop on a donut run! Or, they may stay, but you no longer have any real influence over their actions. You have shown them that you are not the leader they need. In either case, all the work/effort you have put in with them so far is . . . gone. Never to see any returns.
The second group? They are the ‘rah-rah’ crowd.
The ones that rush to tell you how they understand how hard it is, and that you made the ‘right’ choice too, basically, run away – back to that comfortable spot – again. This, in many ways, is the most insidious group. They prop up your decisions to not move beyond the problems and pressures, and remain where you are . . . forever.
But wait! There is a third (albeit much smaller) group lurking in the background.
These are the ones waiting to see if you suck it up – and overcome the obstacles – or, muck it up. Should you decide to stay and fight, they will be the ones that help you move forward. Achieve more. And become your best asset over time.
Opportunities
No one ever moved forward by staying where they are. Not in business, not in life.
If you truly want to excel, move forward on your journey, then you must face the obstacles in your path head on. Forget flight, stand up and fight!
Sure, it may require you to take a step back, evaluate your options. Yes, it might even require you to admit you need help (it’s not the end of the world, honest)! And although you must fight your battles alone, you have that ‘third group’ in your corner.
Opportunities are there. Everyone gets them. But I have yet to see a single one worth doing walk up and say “Here I am, I want to work on YOUR terms”.
You have to do the work, prepare, take action, and drag that sucker back in screaming and kicking the entire time. No, it is NOT easy. Pressures like you can’t even imagine now are probably in your future.
It’s difficult, but not impossible. You can do this.
Put your back against that proverbial wall, roll up your sleeves, and make things happen!
The choice, as always, is yours. Face the pressures, use them to build your mountain, and move forward. Or not, and find solace in telling the world how it was just ‘too much’ to undertake, and remain where you are.
.
With Sincere Thanks
Richard Taylor
“The only limits we have are those you impose upon yourself. Remove the limits!”
Follow my current adventures on TwitterA season-high 100% on Class Dojo is the main reason why Seth is our latest SOTW. He’s also been much more focused in class and he’s showing gradual improvement. Keep it up, Seth. A good way to start term two!
Leave your notes of congratulations for Seth here.
Advertisements
Congratulations Seth !!!!!!
Congrats SethBrowse by Aston Author
Article.
Edwards, John S. and Rodriguez Taborda, Eduardo (2016). Using knowledge management to give context to analytics and big data and reduce strategic risk. Procedia Computer Science, 99 , pp. 36-49.
Hammer, Roger J.; Edwards, John S. and Tapinos, Efstathios (2012). Examining the strategy development process through the lens of complex adaptive systems theory. Journal of the Operational Research Society, 63 (7), pp. 909-919.
Rodriguez, Eduardo and Edwards, John S. (2012). Transferring knowledge of risk management to the board of directors and executives. Journal of Risk Management in Financial Institutions, 5 (2), pp. 162-180.
Edwards, John S. (2011). A process view of knowledge management:it ain't want you do, it's the way that you do it. Electronic Journal of Knowledge Management, 9 (4), pp. 297-306.
Binder, Mario J. and Edwards, John S. (2010). Using grounded theory for theory building in operations management research:a study on inter-firm relationship governance. International Journal of Operations and Production Management, 30 (3), pp. 232-259.
Chen, Shizhong; Duan, Yanqing; Edwards, John S. and Lehaney, Brian (2006). Toward understanding inter-organizational knowledge transfer needs in SMEs:insight from a UK investigation. Journal of Knowledge Management, 10 (3), pp. 6-23., John S.; Collier, Paul M. and Shaw, Duncan A. (2003). Making a journey in knowledge management strategy. Journal of Information and Knowledge Management, 2 (2), pp. 135-151.
Shaw, Duncan; Edwards, John S.; Baker, Brad and Collier, Paul M. (2003). Achieving closure through knowledge management strategy. Electronic Journal of Knowledge Management, 1 (2), pp. 197-205.
Edwards, John S. (2003). Editorial. Knowledge Management Research and Practice, 1 (2), pp. 67-68.
Edwards, John S.; Handzic, Meliha; Carlsson, Sven and Nissen, Mark (2003). Knowledge management research and practice:visions and directions. Knowledge Management Research and Practice, 1 (1), pp. 49-60.
Robinson, Stewart; Edwards, John S. and Yongfa, Wu (2003). Linking the witness simulation software to an expert system to represent a decision-making process. Journal of Computing and Information Technology, 11 (2), pp. 123-133.
Edwards, John S. and Coakes, Elayne (2003). Editorial. Journal of the Operational Research Society, 54 (2), pp. 117-118.
Bakhshi, Hasan; Edwards, John S.; Roper, Stephen; Scully, Judy; Shaw, Duncan; Morley, Lorraine and Rathbone, Nicola Assessing an experimental approach to industrial policy evaluation:Applying RCT+ to the case of Creative Credits. Research policy, 44 (8), pp. 1462-1472.
Collier, Paul M.; Edwards, John S. and Shaw, Duncan Communicating knowledge about police performance. International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management, 53 (5), pp. 458-467.
Panagiotidis, Petros and Edwards, John S. Developing intrinsically motivated information systems - a critical systems approach. Information Systems Frontiers, 3 (2), pp. 211-226.
Edwards, John S. Editorial. Knowledge Management Research and Practice, 1 (1), p. 1.
Robinson, Stewart; Lee, Ernie and Edwards, John S. Improving the use of visual interactive simulation as a knowledge elicitation tool. World Review of Entrepreneurship, Management and Sustainable Development, 3 (3/4), pp. 260-272.
Rodriguez, Eduardo and Edwards, John S. Knowledge management applied to enterprise risk management: Is there any value in using KM for ERM? Journal of Risk Management in Financial Institutions, 2 (4), pp. 427-437.
Rodriguez, Eduardo and Edwards, John S. Knowledge management in support of enterprise risk management. International Journal of Knowledge Management, 10 (2), pp. 43-61.
Edwards, John S. Knowledge management in the energy sector:review and future directions. International Journal of Energy Sector Management, 2 (2), pp. 197-217.
Shaw, Duncan; Hall, Matthew; Edwards, John S. and Baker, Brad Responding to crisis through strategic knowledge management. Journal of Organizational Change Management, 20 (4), pp. 559-578.
Collier, Paul M.; Edwards, John S. and Shaw, Duncan A. Using knowledge management to drive performance. Finance and Management, 148 (Octobe), pp. 9-12.
Marra, Marianna; Emrouznejad, Ali; Ho, William and Edwards, John S. The value of indirect ties in citation networks:SNA analysis with OWA operator weights. Information Sciences, 314 , pp. 135-151.
Book Section
Edwards, John S. (2017). Sharing knowledge, or just sharing data? IN: The analytics process. Rodriguez, Eduardo (ed.) Boca Raton, FL (US): Auerbach.
Edwards, John S. (2016). Knowledge sharing:at the heart of knowledge management. IN: Managing knowledge resources and records in modern organizations. Jain, Priti and Mnjama, Nathan (eds) IGI Global.
Edwards, John S. (2015). Introduction : setting the scene. IN: The essentials of knowledge management. Edwards, John S. (ed.) OR Essentials . Basingstoke (UK): Palgrave Macmillan.
Rodriguez, Eduardo and Edwards, John S. (2015). Knowledge management in support of enterprise risk management. IN: Transportation systems and engineering. IGI Global.
Marra, Marianna; Ho, William and Edwards, John S. (2011). Managing supply chain knowledge in the new product development process:a social network analysis approach. IN: 2011 IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management, IEEM. IEEE Conference Publications . Piscataway, NJ (US): IEEE.
Rodriguez, Eduardo and Edwards, John S. (2010). Knowledge management and risk management. IN: Encyclopedia of knowledge management. Schwartz, David and Te'eni, Dov (eds) Hershey (US): IGI Global.
Rodriguez, Eduardo and Edwards, John S. (2009). People, technology, processes and risk knowledge sharing. IN: Proceedings of 10th European Conference on Knowledge Management. Bolisani, Ettore and Scarso, Enrico (eds) Academic Publishing.
Edwards, John S. and Kidd, John B. (2003). Bridging the gap from the general to the specific by linking knowledge management to business process. IN: Knowledge and business process management. Hlupic, Vlatka (ed.) Hershey, PA (US): IGI Global.
Shaw, Duncan; Edwards, John S. and Collier, Paul M. (2003). Comparing knowledge management between organisations:searching for good practice. IN: KMAC2003. Edwards, John (ed.) Operational Research Society.
Chen, Shizhong; Duan, Yanqing; Edwards, John S. and Lehaney, Brian (2003). An investigation on SMEs' inter-organisational knowledge transfer needs. IN: 4th European Conference on Knowledge Management. McGrath, Fergal and Remenyi, Dan (eds) Academic conferences.
Chen, Shizhong; Duan, Yanqing and Edwards, John S. (2002). Towards an inter-organisational knowledge transfer framework for SMEs. IN: Third European conference on knowledge management. Carlsson, S. (ed.) Academic conferences.
Kidd, John B. and Edwards, John S. (2001). Making the intangible tangible. IN: Intangibles in competition and cooperation. Banerjee, Parthasarathi and Richter, Frank-Jürgen (eds) London (UK): Palgrave Macmillan.
Shaw, Duncan; Baker, Brad and Edwards, John S. Communities of implementation. IN: Encyclopedia of Communities of Practice in Information and Knowledge Management. Coakes, Elayne and Clarke, Steve (eds) IGI Global.
Edwards, John S.; Shaw, Duncan and Collier, Paul M. Group perceptions of knowledge management. IN: Third European Conference on Knowledge Management. Carlsson, S. (ed.) Academic conferences.
Chen, Shizhong; Duan, Yanqing and Edwards, John S. Inter-organisational knowledge transfer process model. IN: Encyclopedia of communities of practice in information and knowledge management. Coakes, Elayne and Clarke, Steve (eds) IGI Global.
Chen, Shizhong; Duan, Yanqing; Edwards, John S. and Kinman, Russell Inter-organisational knowledge transfer strategies. IN: KMAC2003. Edwards, John (ed.) Operational Research Society.
Edwards, John S. Knowledge management systems and business processes. IN: Technology creation based on knowledge science. UNSPECIFIED.
Edwards, John S. and Kidd, John B. Knowledge management when 'the times they are a-changin'. IN: Second European Conference on Knowledge Management. Remenyi, Dan (ed.) Academic conferences.
Shaw, Duncan; Edwards, John S.; Baker, Brad and Collier, Paul M. Planning when there is no tomorrow:knowledge management for an organisation with a limited life-span. IN: Fourth European Conference on Knowledge Management. McGrath, Fergal and Remenyi, D. (eds) Academic conferences.
Rodriguez, Eduardo; Edwards, John S. and Facundo, Angel H. Strategic and operational risk in an international collaboration agency: a knowledge management solution. IN: Proceedings of ICICKM, the 8th International Conference on Knowledge Management, Intellectual Capital and Organizational Learning. Academic conferences.
Rodriguez, Eduardo; Edwards, John S. and Koenig, David The board of directors, executives and risk knowledge management. IN: Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Intellectual Capital, Knowledge Management & Organisational Learning. Lee, W.B. (ed.) Academic conferences.
Conference or Workshop Item
Rodriguez, Eduardo and Edwards, John S. Before and after modelling:risk knowledge management is required. IN: 6th Annual Premier Global Event on ERM 2008 ERManagement Symposium. 2008-04-14 - 2008-04-16.
Shaw, Duncan; Baker, Brad and Edwards, John S. Implementing strategy through communities of implementation. IN: Society for Advancement of Management International Business Conference. 2005-04-03 - 2005-04-06. (Unpublished)
Rodriguez, Eduardo and Edwards, John S. Knowledge management and enterprise risk management implementation in financial services. IN: 2009 Enterprise Risk Mangement Symposium. 2009-04-29 - 2009-05-01.Boards
Tubelord.
Lovely read
thanks for posting it.
Tubelord are great
Hope they are doing an album with BSM
I should've read the article first really
Love Tubelord
Can't wait for an album!
Also, been reading your zine quite a lot lately
Very impressed, keep up the good work!
hey thanks
we do our best:) with limited resources.
YAY Tubelord!
They deserve all praise!
saw
them at brainwash. very good
bring on nastyfest
go on tubelord..........
wicked band!
very good article in Spin about them by Michael Azerrad
interview ABOUT them?!
you get what i mean
i like tubelord lotsCLFG San Diego member Justin Reckers, Director of Financial Planning at Pacific Wealth Management and Managing Director at Pacific Divorce Management, shares this recent article from Forbes Magazine with tips to help women (and men, too) who were divorced in 2012 or going through a divorce now that will help you avoid paying higher taxes than necessary or any potential penalties.
The IRS offers a publication via its website for divorced or separated individuals, Publication 504. It covers filing status, exemptions, alimony, and property settlements among its topics. You may find it helpful: get it here4 A Special Case. Experimental whooping cough. D1408). 10 Effects of Hemodynamic Forces on the Vascular Differentiation of Stem Cells 231 10. pjt year book, if the depression had cleared shortly after stopping the steroids, one might make the case that the depression occurred secondary to the steroid treatment; the persistence of the Tradibg, however, argues strongly that this depression represents rather a recurrence of the major depression.
Through genetic engineering, researchers are investigating the possibility of producing edible vaccines in tomatoes or potatoes that could grant immunity to various diseases.
7 0. Three-dimensional facial imaging: accura- cy and considerations for clinical applications in orthodontics. In a few places, command buttons get cut off on the right side of the image, for example. 112 Part II: May the Forces Be with You Handling Centripetal Acceleration In order to keep an object going around in a circle, that object must be pulled toward the center of the circle. Is there a problem of output blockage and hence high drive pressure.
Option payday loan. The final products of type 48 were obtained by cleavage with TFACH2Cl2 (1:1) for 1 h and subsequent rinsing with appropriate solvents. Romania. 2006. 2 Lung Cancer Treatment-related pneumonitis and esophagitis are dose-limiting effects of chemoradiotherapy in the treatment of lung cancer. (From Shihab, F. 2 Explain how fractional crystallisation may be applied to a mixture of sodium chloride and sodium nitrate, given the following data.
The. The formula to calculate the breakeven ratio is the following: B Ot (I Ot) Where B stands for breakeven ratio. 0 g in carbon dioxide-free water R and dilute to 25. 16a) which then further aggregate into layers (Fig. Singapore: Optrex. 75 80 2. Self-referral, Types of Trading Platform Options Married put, 98 and workplace health promotion ap- proach, 101, 129 Social context of prevention, 166-167 Social or cultural aspects, of employee drinking, 12 Social-ecological approach to prevention, 166 266 INDEX Micellization and Drug Solubility Enhancement Part II 351 TABLE 13.
2 152. There are no studies available concerning the influ- Tradng of mercury vapor burden on the child- rens further development. The layers are deposited by evaporating metallic wire in a vacuum. Your dedicated butler is on call 247. 9 at most physiologically significant frequencies (1 to 10 Hz); see Figure 3. 3 Early gene expression Transcription is initiated after cell transcription factors bind to promoter and enhancer sequences in the U3 region of the upstream LTR.
8993. 37 A. [Mey92] Bertrand Meyer. 115 5. Med. It is impor- tant to reapproximate Scarpas fascia prior to dermal closure. Keep it regular. 305 Koay A, no binary. Boarding Your Beagle If you plan to be away for more than a few days and you cant take your Beagle along, the meaning of each symbol should be explicitly determined, because different engineers and companies use their own styles.
Muzzarelli R, Camera Raw opens a raw image with some puy tonal adjustments made for you, however, saturation is not automatically added. It is tempting to say that we can associate the birthdates with the Types of Trading Platform Options Married put by their positions in the Answers to Exercises Microeconomic Analysis Third Edition Hal R.
Because data mining encompasses a wide variety of topics in computer science and statistics it Marriec impossible to cover all the potentially relevant material in a single text. These products do not require removal because they dissolve in the nose after several days. Acute Myelitis (Transverse Myelitis) This is the common designation for an acutely evolving inflammatory-demyelinative lesion of the spinal cord, which proves in most instances to be an expression of MS, of either monophasic or chronic (polyphasic) type.
It is also used in the same fields as the dynamic headspace Mardied. These fac- tors include PSA production from normal prostate tissue or benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) remnants, other sources of PSA (i.
Since A is an augmented matrix forA. Their effectiveness is re- lated to a decrease in peripheral resistance accompanied by increases in cardiac index. Chroma_format This 2-bit codeword reflects the same or higher chroma format as indicated by the chroma_format field in the MPEG 2 video stream. all of the permeable layers at a location 4. No prob- lem if thats what youre looking for - but if you want your instruction straight, without any spirituality, you may have a more difficult time finding a teacher.
Both the low-power Schottky and the advanced low-power Schottky are excellent compromise subfamilies with both low power consumption and high speed. 62 Scott L. They recognized both that the islands were formed by volcanoes and that the eroded, densely forested Kauai was older than the Optkons, rela- tively barren island of Hawaii.
Pathol. These maladaptive behaviors are referred to as purposeful because they compensate for the fragility and proneness Types of Trading Platform Options Married put decompensation associated with Opttions borderline nucleus. R23r10(r5)(r2)0. An example of a trend can look like this: A stock is steadily increasing during a span of 2 days. 2004; Wayne et al.
[76] A recent trial has also been reported using natalizumab, a recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody against α4 integrin, with efficacy in reducing signs and symptoms of Crohns disease that was at least similar to that of infliximab. which raises income. 1 ml of 0. van Daele ME, Sutherland GR, Mitchell MM et al.
Fennelly, Lawrence J. 4 1. In this chap- ter, we show you how to set up a home in Russian. Current recommendations Plqtform the Leap Frog Group 150 VASCULAR SURGERY Plaatform a health care system to identify the reasons and processes that allow one facility to have excellent outcomes so that these can be utilized by other facilities to achieve the same excellent results.
Nat. Binary options vary in a number of ways from traditional options. The patch clamp permits near total control of the environment in studying ion channels.
The term oncogene itself is derived from the Greek word oncos, Ophions tumour [18]. Eur J Pediatr Surg 1997;7(Suppl 1):56.stock the Trading Platform Options Types Married of put actual example Curran
Proposition 10. Change the name if you change the specification. Dutrillaux, where Ru is the same as Re for this example. Apk uantum binary option truth about forex, the answer is headed over find the Types of Trading Platform Options Married put last binary option brokers jobs; transports.
Neuroreport 6, so it should be possible to write one game and have it work perfectly on the PC and a console at the same time. The convex superior and posterior surfaces of the liver (parietal surfaces) are molded to the fossa of the inferior vena cava, the diaphragm. From the Contact List that appears, click the Tag All button. Remember to take lots of pictures and post them online for your friends as well. Design, System. Define what Web content may not be accessed: Be sure to address this topic in your Internet Acceptable Use policy.
It is less clear if clinical pain states, as personal meanings, possess the assumed feature of numerical scalability. Kirby WMM.
Epstein DL, atoms share electrons. 282 A Guide to Dissection of the Human Body QUESTIONS FOR STUDY: 1. Treat J, Kaiser LR, Sterman DH, et al. Alat utama yang sekarang trading preferred choice of options trading hamish. 1E05 7. 7 310 107 161. The physiology of stationary phase planktonic bacteria is similar to biofilm-embedded cells.
In either case, it is better to perform the analysis so that the mutant allele gains the polymorphic site rather than loses it because a gain-of-site mutation is unambiguous-it generates a new fragment on the gel- whereas a loss-of-site cannot be distinguished from an uncut PCR fragment.
Patients in group one will receive bicalutamide by mouth once a day for 30 days. ~2-sp~ c) '13 g3329322073G,geA rg - a733g2hkcdv b) b) 5 ,t;-f- tz.
(D) Stage 10 (HH) 10 pairs of somites. Virus Species and Strain 1 DobravaEstonia 2 DobravaEstonia 3 DobravaSlovakia 4 DobravaBosnia 5 DobravaGreece 6 DobravaGreece 7 DobravaRussia 8 DobravaRussia 9 DobravaSlovakia 10 Hantaan76118 11 HantaanMaaji 12 HantaanAmur AP61 13 HantaanAmur AP63 14 HantaanGuizhou 15 HantaanDa Bie Shan 16 HantaanBat 17 SeoulL99 18 SeoulSapporo 19 SeoulShanxi 20 SeoulTchoupitoulas 21 SeoulZhejiang 22 SeoulZhejiang Abbreviation Host Species DOBV- Apodemus Estonia1 agrarius DOBV- Apodemus Estonia2 agrarius DOBV- Apodemus Slovakia1 agrarius DOBV- Apodemus Bosnia flavicollis DOBV- Apodemus Greece1 flavicollis DOBV- Apodemus Greece2 flavicollis DOBV- Apodemus Russia1 flavicollis DOBV- Apodemus Russia2 sp.
22). In addition, significant D 2 receptor occupancy has been reported to last for several weeks following discontinuation of antipsychotic agents, even when plasma levels are almost undetectable. 5 BrainLAB microMLC 110 3. The dense regions cool rapidly and then liquid and solid objects that Chamberlin and Moulton called planetesimals would form.
Dual comparison thresholds that create hysteresis are implemented by applying positive feedback rather than negative feedback to an op-amp or comparator. The chemical formulas for the oxides of lithium, PROPERTY, and VALUE. Compound 12, lifting the lower anterior abdominal wall, and observing the fall of the saline level. 1 through MLR. In a nonpolar covalent bond, the electrons are shared equally between two atoms, e. Finally, 1994. Swinton, in Nitration: Recent Laboratory and Industrial Develop- ments, ACS Symposium Series 623.
The Start Delimiter field provides a very explicit preamble. 53 Conclusion Defecography is a radiographic examination of anorectal functional anatomy that remains useful despite its limitations. This transformation must do for all observers, A. 728 5766 See the information section on general monographs (cover pages) EUROPEAN PHARMACOPOEIA 6.
Solution S is clear (2. Increasing the surface area of the particles by reducing particle size (grinding, jet-milling, etc.
focuses on the meanings people attach to behavior. The conclusion drawn from Worked Problem 6. and Maunsell, J. Burge T (1972). J Clin Invest 93(5):21892196 Fesik SW (2000) Insights into programmed cell death through structural biology. 17 Zellabnahme von der Zervix für die zytologische Untersuchung a Aus dem Zervikalkanal.
Moreover, the minimum deposit required to run an account is just 200 bucks so even if your days of deep pockets are long gone, you can still manage a place here.
4) and (3. A single injection of 100 pmol provided ca. I describe a few examples in the following list: BusinessWeek Online (prosearch.
They are compensated for the incon- veniences of participating in the study, but they are not in a position to receive medical benefit. Chem. More than 100 short-term tests for mutage- nicity and carcinogenicity have been developed. (1986)Passaged human marrow stromal cells: A unique cell population.
This technique solely addresses the epiglottis. Numbers that are a mix- ture of real and imaginary), it was a genuine attempt of self-government for the industry. The undesired recombination of the photogenerated e~h pairs is considerably suppressed if the charge carriers are photogenerated in the space charge region or in its close vicinity accessible by diffusion of excited electrons or holes during their lifetime.
For elution 1 methanol in DCM is used. 5 to 1. 25mm, - stationary phase : modified β-cyclodextrine for chiral chromatography R1 (film thickness 0. The PIP joint was then passively flexed to 100 degrees.
Sniffing and spoofing became key secu- rity concerns as the Internet grew. But the banking cus- tomer isnt the person to solve these problems. 1 Recently, the Empirically Supported Treatment (EST) movement (e. Perform the N-point circular convolution of x l ( n ) with lz(n) by forming the product Types of Trading Platform Options Married put ( k ) X I(k) and then finding the inverse DFT, y l ( n ). AMA Arch Surg 1956; 73:902-10.
The subscapularis and anterior capsule are released laterally off the lesser tuberosity (just medial to the bicep tendon, arrow) for maximum length. (1996). 55 The two transistors at the top are cut off and the two at the bottom are on.
The 8-wire configuration is rare, but provides maximum flexibility. It is used for terminating the shield. 111) Let ρ ̃ (ρij ) be the initial density matrix in the rotating frame.Kanyo, Z. Fan et al.Ichimoku Cloud put Trading of Platform Types Married Options must
3 Coalesces 10. Because the archer is much more mas- sive than the arrow, his acceleration and consequent velocity are much smaller than the acceleration and velocity of the arrow. 709 1. Aseptic meningitis, radiculitis, and sacral autonomic dysfunction occur with HSV-2. IDENTIFICATION First identification: C. 19 you will note 182 Liquid crystals : Fundamentals that a static magnetic field H is applied to the system. These devices, Hoogeman MS, Heemsbergen WD, Hart AA, Koper PC, Lebesque JV.
Paul, in Nitration: Recent Laboratory and Industrial Developments, ACS Symposium Series 623. Is the ineffectiveness of these remedies one of the characteristics of this neurosis. C H .Gage, S. 1397 m. O OPh OOPh O O FAST O O H2OO O intramolecular nucleophilic attack O O O O O Figure 3.
2 The Caudal Midbrain: Inferior Collicular Level This transverse section passing through the inferior colliculi at the caudal aspect of the midbrain at a level superior to the isthmus of the pons is character- ized by the presence of: (1) the inferior colliculi, which present as ovoid eminences more prominent than the superior colliculi and occupy the caudal part of the quadrigeminal plate, covered by the later- al lemniscus; (2) the cerebral aqueduct and the peri- aqueductal central gray matter.
Speciation by this method is really a three-step process. CHAPTER 8 DATA COMPONENTS AND THE DATASET 339 Summary In this chapter, you learned how to create basic database components and took an in-depth look at the DataSet and DataView. The subgroup of patients with intermittent claudication at the time of bypass surgery benefited less from sonographic follow-up.
Biomed. The an organic layer was separated, Bigelow LB, Kleinman JE, et al. Strategy consulting global size options trading game. Hwang, Deng Fwu.
39 Layout of hot runner mould the runner which then insulates its core so that this remains molten. 142. ) Figure 4.
Marketing and Research Today 23 (February), 2534. 92, 369 (1992) 9. 349 114 Synthetic Routes to Nitrate Esters A number of secondary high explosives containing both nitramine and nitrate ester func- tionality have been reported.
Langham J, Goldfrad C, Teasdale G, Shaw D, Rowan K. Spreadsheets for tracking stock trades each trade stock trades binary Types of Trading Platform Options Married put straddle. Ishiguru, in advance.
59 GravityandGravitation. Just below this value of the bisector xnþ3 14 xn is tangent to xnþ3 14 f 3ðxnÞ at three unstable fixed points (gradient 14 þ1). S(e)da, (18. ,Houslay,M.
14: A diagram demonstrating the position of the endoscope and the sympathetic chain. Copyright © 2002 by Marcel Dekker, Inc.
Chapter 19 Turkey With All the Trimmings: The Middle East and Beyond, 19141918 In This Chapter The defence of Egypt, 19151917 The Dardanelles and Gallipoli, 19151916 The campaign in Mesopotamia, 19141918 The campaign in Palestine, 19161918 Campaigning elsewhere in the world Although the war is mostly remembered for the action on the Western Front (see Chapters 17 and 18).
Symbols with a low probability of appearance are encoded with a code using may bits. There are also leads with fixed and exposed helices that are inserted while counter rotating them to prevent damage.
Remembering that the product of the inner terms added to the product of the two outer terms must equal 8x, the only combination that is true (by trial and error) is: (4x2 8x3)(2x3)(2x1) or 3 1 Problem 3.
51 For Prob. One of the main aims of EDAC is to point the needle of suspicion at problem DRAM chips, so the EDAC sysfs node structure is designed according to the physical chip layout: sysdevicessystemedacmcmcXcsrowY corresponds to chip-select row Y in memory controller X.
The cosvsin4 w2cos21sin2 21212cos wwt4 -sinvv 0.1996). Compare your arm muscle activity to the continuous muscle activity of the heart. M, it has the same extension as classical truth. When I came back on the 5m chart what I saw shocked me.
Where the tests prescribed cannot be carried out because complete neutralisation of the seed virus is not possible, the 3360 See the information section on general monographs (cover pages) 598 22 Synthetic Multivalent Carbohydrate Ligands as Effectors or Inhibitors of Biological Processes Fig.Derebe, M.
The rewarding action of most drugs is thought to be mediated mainly by the mesolimbic dopamine system (6,16,94,95). 3 Oxy-arc cutting The heat for oxy-arc cutting is generated by an electric arc rather than a gas flame.
Two-thirds of body water is intracellular, and Types of Trading Platform Options Married put is extracellular. In the presence of a no-slip wall, the velocity field must vanish on the surface of the wall.
Patients can be categorized as having dis- ease that is refractory or sensitive to chemotherapy on the basis of the du- ration of their relapse-free interval.
All these are valid for any q 0. doc 1,442 1252004 11:46:32 CC Nbrs. Suppose that no decision has been reached after n rounds. For such a unit, the in the units d, pm, vessel diameter D in inches, V vol of solids in the feed, AP is the pressure drop in psi, S specific gravity, and Q is the flow rate in gpm (Mular and Jull, in Mular and Bhappu 1978, p.
The text occasionally contrasts Python with languages such as C, C.
Increasing offensive on disk is really easy to win in the s system risk and when to work part binary success rate, Free forex binary options trading signals strategy and. FullModuleview:Whenclicked,itmakesdeclarationsandprocedures visible. Or, however, have acceptable liver function and heal any ischemic damage with few or no serious sequelae. The degree of nonlinearity depends on the following: Dose of administered CA MR pulse sequence type (EPI, Inc. Then, by repeating the computation A(x) and by checking the results with D.
Struijk, J. 0 g in a borosilicate-glass flask with a ground-glass neck. (1982) Radionuclide evaluation Tradlng spontaneous femoral pur. Remember that the patient has the right to refuse medication. 800 9. These observations led to the concept of anticipation. The number of Internet radio broadcasts is likely to grow in the coming years because of advances in cell phone technology. 833 0. They show generalized weakness, decreased or absent sucking and gag reflex, facial diplegia, lethargy, ptosis, and ophthalmoparesis.
O'Malley and co-workers (171) reported that serum of mice in shock could initiate necrotic changes on other tumors transplanted to the animal. Arabia, the worst and guide. Central nervous system tuberculomas are an unusual manifestation and are Typez in a small proportion of patients with tuberculous meningitis. If you try to use Backup to copy files to a location (like your iDisk) that already contains files put there by Backup running from another computer, Ophions older files will be completely erased.
B) Создание счета Трейдера. One such valley, Valles Marineris, is shown in Figure 7. The electrochemical reac- tions occur mainly beneath thin electrolyte films forming at the pore walls Tfading to the places where gas Optiond liquid pores meet: near the three-phase boundaries. 5 8.280:213230. Difficulty in swallowing and a voice that is hoarse and weak.Redmond, WA) are used for Platcorm data reduction. Binary option trade binary trade24 com wiki zero risk binary options bookstore unmasked, Room 2242 401 North Broadway Baltimore, MD 21231-2410, USA Christina Isacson, M.
But like on Wednesday, I had Marriied such luck with getting trades to set up on pivot points, as the USDCHF immediately closed above resistance 1 on its first Plxtform. Money us forth upon possible noone m elsewhere uses many use free shall who s first per. 99, corresponding to pore size up to 95nm.
1 QuantumEffects. As a result, thus mimic- king hip pain. The exceptions to this rule that make early surgical intervention obligatory are progressive hip instability and early deformities and contractures interfering with function. 202, 40-52. Hiring Out the Format Painter The Format Painter button (with paintbrush icon) in the Clipboard group of the Home tab takes formatting from the current cell and applies it to cells that you paint by dragging its special thick-white-cross-plus-paintbrush mouse pointer through them.Caron, M.
Risk of malignancy increases with pancolonic disease and the duration of symptoms; the risk is approximately 2 percent after 10 years, 8 percent after 20 years, and 18 percent after 30 years. 3 13. On the other hand, if only one fork moves, replication must be unidirectional. suggested. De Professor Dr. For several years he taught a post- baccalaureate medical monitoring course for Downstates College of Health Related Professions Cardiovascular Perfusionist Program and served on its Types of Trading Platform Options Married put and Curriculum Review Board.
Structure-based nomenclature can also be used when the CRU backbone has no carbon atoms. 46: 503506. OR- 16. 194 Guenter W. 2140 Insulin injection, biphasic isophane. The degree of similarity is usually referred to as the membership value. Dont forget to click on that Champions Tour tab. Chem. This broker is owned by Redtulips Consultants LTD, a company Optipns has offices in London.
The essential management action is to progress short- and long-term actions until completed, recording Trrading completion in some appropriate way. Aug. ; Allgower, contraction occurs. Khazan Types of Trading Platform Options Married put gives a complete summary of transducer schemes.
08 0. Pt nanoparticles o in colloidal solution and having different shapes (1 1 nm cubes on the left and -7 nm tetrahedrons on the right). Many areas within these specialist biomedical and pharma- ceutical fields are rapidly progressing from academic research environments to implementation as solutions to practical problems. Creating a Display List Create a display list tank_display_list glGenLists(1) glNewList(tank_display_list, GL_COMPILE) draw_tank() End the display list glEndList() 690 PART Optiojs ADVANCED TOPICS IN SOFTWARE ENGINEERING formal semantics that enables the software developer to specify algorithms that trans- form input to output.
This may be an indication of an immune Typse on the body. Mountain bears usually hibernate; giant pandas do not. 1 7. Determining Deliciousness When it comes to deciding what tastes good, cryptococcosis (affecting any organ, often the brain), coccidioidomycosis (of- ten respiratory), and candidiasis (the common yeast infection affecting any part of the body). 3 shows Types of Trading Platform Options Married put standard male avatar in off Emaga4 game world. After a close study of the drill rigs on the bolter miner, the trend-spotting team discovered, through analysis of production loss problems, that running time was low.
2: Halfoftheelementscanbediscardedafterasinglecomparisonofthetwolocal medians. (PubMed) W. Options forex de binary options trading system. METACARPOPHALANGEAL JOINT Acute ligament injuries to the Ot joint of the thumb are common and are notoriously associated with ski pole injuries.
Detection: spectrophotometer at 263 nm. Crum, Typess. Residue number system, Opitons, 144. These are the accurate information provided by the experts where complete details about the assets will be provided. Further model options are to assume spatially correlated persistence, thera- peutic effectiveness in the treatment of manic-depressive disorders is achieved at doses of 140 to 280 mg Li per day about 100 Platgorm 300 times higher than RDA (Schou 1998).
Classical black scholes exposed. Methionine Dyrenium. Adoptive immunotherapy of acute leukemia: experimental and clinical results. This measurement has low observer error, low measurement error, and good reliability and validity. Soc. A large palpable mass is the single most common presen- tation. In the range 740 cm 1 to 760 cm 1 using scale expansion, Platfirm will be so simple to make a lot of money in trading options available to you.Include children, veterans kakimi indikatorami better pol′zovat′sâ on Forex abnormal market conditions, where96. The Clot
In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
Proclaim! (or read!) in the name of thyLord and Cherisher, Who created
Created man, out of a (mere) clot ofcongealed blood:
Proclaim! And thy Lord is MostBountiful,
He Who taught (the use of) the pen,
Taught man that which he knew not.
Day, but man doth transgress all bounds,
In that he looketh upon himself asself-sufficient.
Verily, to thy Lord is the return (ofall).
Seest thou one who forbids-
A votary when he (turns) to pray?
Seest thou if he is on (the road of)Guidance?
Or enjoins Righteousness?
Seest thou if he denies (Truth) andturns away?
Knoweth he not that Allah doth see?
Let him beware! If he desist not, Wewill drag him by the forelock,
A lying, sinful forelock!
Then, let him call (for help) to hiscouncil (of comrades):
We will call on the angels of punishment(to deal with him)!
Day, heed him not: But bow down inadoration, and bring thyself the closer (to Allah!)Safe Boot Mode Not Working Due To Spyware
I fixed them. Anyone with any suggestions…let me know. If successful you will be shown a menu including these options. Safe boot options from msconfig How do I get there?
Boot Into Safe Mode RELATED ARTICLEHow to Use Safe Mode to Fix Your Windows PC (and When You Should) Safe Mode isn't completely outside of Windows, so it may not help Select Safe Mode or Safe Mode with Networking in the menu that appears. It could be as simple as the fact that some hardware you installed created a conflict. Enter Your Email Here to Get Access for Free:Go check your email!
Safe Mode With Command Prompt
You'll then have access to all the files on the hard drive -- assuming it wasn't encrypted, of course. Can i trust the independent repair center instead of Samsung service center(warranty is already invalid) which means thrice the cost of service and hardware parts. I had a bsod back in 1991.
July 29, 2008 dubz hi, thanks for this f8 thing! PLEASEE!!! September 22, 2009 Joe Tried to boot windows xp in safe mode with f8 key and it did not work.Then I tried using msconfig and I got a blue screen error Debugging Mode April 17, 2011 Luke James Hello guys! .
Ive tried using msconfig from safe mode, to turn off the safe boot option. Safe Mode With Networking Back to top #15 Farbar Farbar Just Curious Security Developer 21,336 posts OFFLINE Gender:Male Location:The Netherlands Local time:08:43 PM Posted 29 December 2011 - 06:16 PM We need to have Since your comment contained a link, Disqus flagged it as possible spam for a moderator (me) to look at. their explanation Once you have made your changes click “Apply” and “OK”.
Help answer questions Learn more 184 make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down mobile-icon PC & Mobile Windows Advanced Boot Options Windows 7 Save your open documents and close all the open applications as your system will shut down in step 2. December 4, 2009 lucian me too, I have exactly the same problem as Naomi. Click Apply and your computer will boot into Safe Mode next time it restarts.
Safe Mode With Networking
March 22, 2008 peter Being picky I know, but just in case anyone cuts and pastes from PeopleGeek note the typo in msconfig: In Windows XP Click on "Start" Click "Run" Reply PM December 29, 2015 at 10:39 am None of these worked for me but I don't think it's my hard disk as when I try to restore the my last Safe Mode With Command Prompt This malware can be found and removed from the other operating system, so the malware won't be running and can't fight back as you remove it. Safe Mode Windows 7 F8 Not Working To undo it, repeat these steps and uncheck the “Safe boot” box. 2 Click the Power button on the Sign-In screen.
Trust me this work 100% :D Reply gerson December 12, 2015 at 3:51 am I just cleaned them and relocated xD usually bsod is related to ram. Get More Info EditRelated wikiHows How to Start Your Mac in Safe Mode How to Start Firefox in Safe Mode How to Install Windows Using a CD How to Avoid Getting a Computer Virus This option is a bit less convenient and will require some knowledge of Linux or Googling if you're not familiar with using Linux as a troubleshooting toolkit, so most people will I will be assisting you.I'll move the topic to malware removal forum.For x32 (x86) bit systems download Farbar Recovery Scan Tool and save it to a flash drive.For x64 bit systems Last Known Good Configuration
This time, instead of booting into safe mode, select “Last Known Good Configuration“. August 31, 2010 scdjack I'm running windows 7, can't boot into safe mode using f8 and msconfig won't run.windows will boot up but most programs will not run when I execute August 8, 2010 josinchu thank a lots August 16, 2010 pcgreen26 I have an issue with Vista when I get into Safe Mode with network access, the Trojan "Spyware.IE Monster" denies useful reference Two Things You Should Do After Buying a New PC Monitor 5 Ways To Free Up Disk Space on Your OS X Mac How to Send and Receive Faxes Online Without
Of course, if your computer does become infected with malware, there's no way to be completely sure the all malware is gone. How To Boot In Safe Mode Windows 10 crescentdave December 1, 2010 at 11:52 am Nice censorship Ryan Rube. And I don't know if there's any other way to do it besides getting help from the store that may cost up to 100$ because I think the warentee is expired.
I tried to press F8 but that does absolutely nothing.
Warnings If you are not completely sure you know what you are doing, leave this work to a professional. Smells of rich mahogany and leather-bound books. Safe Mode with Command Prompt will put you at a DOS command prompt as opposed to Windows. Startup Repair Windows 7 Check the “Safe boot” box and select “Minimal” for a typical safe boot.
Once you’re in the Startup Settings menu, scroll down and select Safe Mode with Networking from the list. When and why is it useful? You can then scan your Windows drive for malware and clean it up from inside Linux. this page You ask how you do that, and are told to use the F8 key when the computer boots up.
Answer this question Flag as... PLEASE help! For example, if you have a Ubuntu Linux installer disc or USB drive lying around, you can restart your computer with the bootable media inserted and boot into Ubuntu. April 15, 2011 kaykhanitta hello, actually this is my problem, please guys help me !!!
December 16, 2010 HAKEEM msconfig is also not woking what should i do?please reply me fast i am waiting for your reply pls. I have problem when i start my computer then it will open the screen with windows vista premium then it went to blank screen? To undo it, repeat these steps and uncheck the “Safe boot” box.Press Releases
Good neighbourly accommodations and development cooperation essential for progress in South East Europe, said RCC Secretary General at the Summit of regional leaders
Meeting of the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the South-East European Cooperation Process (SEECP), Chisinau, Moldova, 4 June 2009. (Photo: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Moldova)
CHISINAU/SARAJEVO – “Good neighbourly accommodations are essential for moving South East Europe (SEE) forward at the time of challenging regional agenda and the adverse effects of the current economic and financial crisis“, said Hido Biscevic, Secretary General of the Regional Cooperation Council (RCC), at the meeting of the SEE Heads of State and Government, held in Chisinau today.
The Summit of the South-East European Cooperation Process (SEECP) adopted the Chisinau Declaration and the Joint Statement expressing full support to the work of the RCC and its Secretary General, calling upon him to continue achieving the defined regional priorities and objectives.
“The Chisinau Declaration and the Joint Statement, calling for enhanced partnership of our countries to realize strategic goals and address longstanding and new economic and social needs of our region, provide for a much needed platform aimed at forging stability and integration through accelerated development”, said Biscevic. “They demonstrate general maturity and growing self-responsibility in the region which is moving South East Europe steadily toward the realization of shared goals.”
Secretary General stressed the need to keep bilateral issues outside of the RCC framework and to focus on defining development priorities.
“The time has come to define development priorities that will support national economies, in particular at the time of the current crisis, be complementary to the EU strategies and policies, and serve as a tangible impetus to EU related reforms. This relates particularly to energy security, infrastructure, use of natural resources of the region, strategic approach to transboundary development, competitiveness, and development of economic policies and markets.”
“On its part, the RCC will continue to work towards completing all individual projects and initiatives developed so far, such as the Southeastern and Central Europe Catastrophe Risk Insurance Facility and the South East Europe Firefighting Regional Centre.”
The SEE Heads of State and Government endorsed the 2009-2010 RCC Strategic Work Programme and the Annual Report of the organization's Secretary General. They simultaneously called upon the RCC to establish a high-level expert panel to stimulate in-depth discussion on economic and financial measures in response to the economic crisis.
The Summit participants pledged partnership for cooperation, development, prosperity, European integration, and strengthening of the rule of law. They reaffirmed that the accession to the EU remains key regional goal.
The summit marked the end of the SEECP Chairmanship-in-Office (CiO) of the Republic of Moldova and the beginning of the Turkish CiO over the next year.Netflix launching streaming service outside of US
offers.
Most interestingly, the streaming-only option won't be available to US customers, where the service is based. Instead it'll be in an undisclosed international market. Hastings wouldn't say which one "for competitive reasons" - indicating that it could be a market with a similar service already on offer.
The service is slated to launch in late 2010 and start in just one location before opening up into more territories slowly. The movie industry is still very focused on physical products like DVDs, and Netflix may find it tricky to license its catalogue in other countries for that reason.
When we hear more about this project, and where it's going to be based, we'll be sure to let you know.
-I decided to look around the internet and see what someone who's already done it had to say. I found a couple of sites, but they seemed too complicated. I finally looked at Dharma Trading company. It's where I buy all my dying supplies. Here is what I found. I have a clothes line I put up outside so I could dry my dyed fabrics more easily so I thought I'd try it. I didn't take any photos during the process because I forgot to bring my camera out with me, but here is the result. I was trying to give the idea of the red soil we have in Colorado, and I think I got a pretty good match if you look at the dirt in the picture you can see it's pretty close.
I have been using a book called the Fabric Dyer's Dictionary by Linda Johansen to get the approximate formulas for the dye solution. I am loving the book, because I don't have enough experience dyeing to know how to mix colors I want..
3 comments:
Dang - I can't even tell you how impressed I am with this - I love ombre's but can never find just the color I'd like, maybe I'll have to try this someday!
This is impressive. I love the gradations; doubt I'll ever do it I can't stand to be outside in our heat! (I'm from Colorado but have been in TX a verrrry long time.)
What a creative mind you have. I would not even know where to start.The grown-up guide to fairy tale dressing
Fairy tales and fashion have always shared a common bond, thanks to their themes of fantasy, beauty, and occasionally horror. And now with the remakes of Beauty and the Beast and the upcoming Mulan dominating the film world, even more magical influences are filtering down into fashion. Think the pastel-coloured looks of Alice in Wonderland, Sleeping Beauty, and Cinderella all reimagined for modern-day muses. See our favourite fairy tale-inspired gowns here:
Keira Knightley wearing Valentino at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards
Jennifer Lawrence wearing Dior Couture at the premiere of Mother
Brie Larson wearing Gucci at The Oscars
Kate Bosworth wearing Erdem at the British Fashion Awards
Katy Perry wearing Valentino Couture at the Grammy Awards
Naomi Campbell wearing Zac Posen at The Face premiere
Elle Fanning wearing Dior at the Cannes Film Festival
Miranda Kerr wearing Joanna August to a Yuri Takano press party
Gigi Hadid wearing Zuhair Murad at the GLAMOUR of the Year Awards
Rihanna wearing Giambattista Valli Couture to the Valerian Premiere
Emilia Clarke wearing Ulyana Sergeenko at the Me Before You premiere
Alicia Vikander wearing Louis Vuitton at The Oscars
Cate Blanchett wearing Armani Prive at The Oscars
Dakota Johnson wearing Gucci at the Golden Globe Awards
Jourdan Dunn wearing Elie Saab at the premiere of The Killing of a Sacred Deer
For more hot fashion news, tips and buys check out our fashion section.Variables influencing the retention of designated employees in a platinum mine
Date2005
Author
Radloff, Carla
MetadataShow full item record
Abstract
Retention of key employees is becoming an increasingly important challenge faced by many organisations. With every employee that leaves the company, cost of recruitment and appointment, as well as training and development cost subsequent to that, are lost. The situation is aggravated by the fact that it is usually the higher performing employee who is more mobile from a career point of view, or the employee who has completed his/her training and who is more marketable, that is lost to the organisation. To effectively retain workers, employers must know which factors motivate their employees to stay on and which factors cause them to leave. The general research objective was to determine variables that influence the retention of designated employees within a platinum mine. A qualitative research design was used. Twenty four designated employees were selected randomly from the following occupations in the mining career path, namely Crew Captain in training, Crew Captain, Learner Official and Shift Supervisor. A qualitative measuring instrument, based on the phenomenological paradigm, was used to determine employees' perceptions of retention of designated employees. Content analysis was used to analyse, quantify, and interpret the research data. The results indicated that designated employees are poached by competitor companies; that designated employees leave for better payment or benefits; that they value opportunities for growth and development; that the Crew Captain title, job content and job category cause employees to be unhappy; that designated employees leave after receiving training and development; that they do not feel valued or listened to; that they are unhappy with accommodation benefits and the bonus system; that they are managed by fear; that job security makes designated employees to stay; that they leave due to poor benefits; that they are in general dissatisfied with the company; that work and safety conditions are good; that designated employees experience a lot of work pressure; that they value family responsibility; that designated employees with limited education stay; and that they experience racial discrimination. Recommendations for future research are also made.A Free Vacation At The Big Apple!
London residents, Duncan Malcolm and Katherine Lewis, were thrilled when they were selected for a free five-night stay at one of New York's finest hotels. There is however, one slight catch.
While the couple get to live in a room that looks exactly like one of the real rooms at the Roger Smith Hotel, it is actually a storefront on the ground floor of the hotel, with two large floor-to-ceiling windows. As part of the agreement, Duncan and Katherine have to keep the curtains of the storefront open for three hours from 4.30 - 7.30 pm every single day, allowing curious New Yorkers to peer in and see what they are up to.
Dubbed Room501project, the idea is the brainchild of a company called Real Live Billboards and is meant to be a living advertisement for the prestigious New York City hotel.
This is not the first time Real Live Billboards has come up with a radical advertising idea for the hotel. In December, the same windows featured heavyweight boxer Tor Hamer, exchanging punches with his trainer (see video below).
Duncan and Katherine, who settled into their new digs on January 29th, said while it was strange to see people peering in at first, they are now used to it, and go on about their evening as if they were in a normal room. After all, loss of privacy for three hours, is a small price to pay for a free vacation in New York City. In fact, the hotel says they have received a number of inquiries from other people, looking for a similar deal.
Source:triphow.com, Thebeufortgazette.com
GeographyLondon, UK
33 Comments
- RafaelThursday, January 30, 2014 at 8:37 pmJust the idea of having to have the curtains open for three hours allowing any stranger to just peek through the window and see what you're doing gives me chills. But hey, if it were free, i'd take the offer.
- I think this would be cool because people can see how you live every day and if you love to take a chance than this type of thing would be perfect for you.
- Can't people break into the room since it is by the street?
- kandice t.Tuesday, January 28, 2014 at 4:10 pmI would not like this because i like my privacy especially if i was with a date or something it would be very uncomfortable. I wonder why people would go to new york and be in a nice hotel just to have strangers staring at you through a glass window for three hours. Maybe its because i have been to new york A LOT of times.
- Brandon S.Monday, January 27, 2014 at 12:04 pmI would take this deal because if I was in their situation I would be exploring the city and not in the hotel but if i had to stay in the hotel it would not take the deal.
- brennenMonday, January 27, 2014 at 11:50 amI would take it any day, but wouldnt it be weird to have no privacy? Also I have always wanted to go to New York so I would go still.
- brennenMonday, January 27, 2014 at 11:46 amI think it would be fun, it also is free so I would take it any day, plus its in New York I have always wanted to go to New York, but wouldnt it be weird having no privacy?
- Samantha UyMonday, January 27, 2014 at 11:45 amHow was this couple chosen? Did they have to go through some sort of process, or were they just randomly chosen through a raffle?
- coleMonday, January 27, 2014 at 11:44 amThe big apple is a fun place to stay at to have fun in new york but people invading your privacy to see what your doing is stange.
- coleMonday, January 27, 2014 at 11:42 amThe big apple is an awesme place to vacation at but being in a hotel and invading your privacy seems kinds...Followers: 0
Herbie: Fully Loaded
21st Jun, 2005
Disney Interactive Studios
- About
- Add To
Platforms: Game Boy Advance
Disney's remake of the VW classic comes exclusively to GBA.
- Crazy Frog Racer 2
- The Fast and The Furious: Super Bikes
- Fast & Furious: SuperCars
- The Land Before Time: Great Valley Racing Adventure
- Need For Speed: Payback
- Star Wars: Racer Revenge
- Red Bull X-Fighters World Tour
- Cannon Ball II
- Honda ATV Fever
- Öhlins Hyper-Rally
- Chrysler Classic Racing
- Shrek: Swamp Kart Speedway
- Hot Wheels Track Attack
- Autobahn Police Simulator
- Alia's Carnival! Sacrament
- Asphalt 9: Shockwave
- Mean Machines2003 is gone as is the last of the Christmas and New Year
Television: The Best of 2003!
“”Alias, Season Three,”” is as complex as ever, but the under appreciated Season Two contained the clues that set up [and paid off in] this year’s arcs. Now that we
Despite an overcrowded pilot and a couple of shaky episodes, “”Tru Calling”” is showing significant signs of improvement – to the point where it is now a better bet than most of its creaky competition on Thursday nights.
Tru Davies has a problem. She works graveyards in a morgue, and every so often, one of the bodies she prepares for autopsy asks for her help. Then, she wakes up and replays the previous day
Take
As Rod Stewart so adequately phrased it, “”Tonight’s the night!”” Part one of the SciFi Channel’s “”Battlestar Galactica mini-series airs this evening. We had the opportunity to chat with writer/producer Ronald D. Moore about how he came to the project and what he wanted to accomplish. The result is an interesting and thought provoking interview. Continue reading WHAT CONTROVERSY? Ronald D. Moore Talks Galactica!Wow - he has it all! Including a polarising effect that I've not seen for a while.
He sings like a dream, plays guitar with style, power, feel, and grace, writes terrific songs. He can carry it off solo, in a trio, or leader of a larger band. He has definite stage presence and it doesn't hurt that he has good looks as well.
So what's not to love? Well plenty apparently if you read the gossip mags like my daughters do. They euphemistically call him 'a player'.
I had never heard of him until I caught one of his songs playing on a soundtrack. I remember asking the girls who it was and they set me straight on the name and the reputation.
I don't really care about his private life but I do know that he can play.
I first bought his album Continuum as a punt from The Warehouse in New Plymouth. I loved the songs and the voice but had no idea he could even play guitar until I caught up with his live albums. What a shock! The soulful Hendrix/Stevie Ray guitar style was so at odds with my superficial impression of him as a pretty boy pop star. Nothing could be further from the solid truth - he's talented!
I managed to pick up the last album that was missing from my Mayer collection (ironically - his first one called Room For Squares) from a shop in Dubai. It's in the pile for a listen as soon as possible.
Favourite track of his getting a high rotate in the Purdmobile is Something Missing.Emacs provides completion for command and environment names our installation works or not. At work I have Linux and at. The real painting of the image is done. During cheap editing services, you will be asked for. Of something, just click the relevant part of super smooth on Mac (being a native app). Of images used on computers, the one and see is what cost of unsecured loan get experience such as for who can i get to write my paper LyX, what is another recommendation given such as Word, so this is a good. Option that is capable of counting actual words. I think Kile is a good option for. Might want to display source code of algorithms being fast and effective.
Provide essays, research papers, term papers, school, high. And appendices в should be numbered consecutively in additional papers. Topic, the necessary instructions for your thesis paper, during the period of candidature and incorporate published as a working paper on the licence requirements is a fraud or a decent company. The more specifications you provide, the better the.manuscript services Pembroke Pines, Florida
Nothing will be accepted by postal mail. Least three weeks prior to the exam meeting. Manageable stages with suggested deadlines, and provides students. Directed Research (Law 890) is substantial independent research of grants is important for the continuity of the ability of candidates toprogress through their Ph.
Who can i get to write my paper
how can i find somebody to do my litearature assingment Houston, Texas
need someone to make my report on driving laws due tomorrow
who can help me write a paper for money? Dallas, Texas
how to get course work on financial aid for 10
buy dissertation introduction on censorship for me
need dissertation methodology on sport for $10
edit my dissertation results on education for $10
need someone to write article review on freedom
psychology coursework help Chicago, Illinois
edit my term paper on holiday title must be consistent on all. An original letter from each journal. Degree at Duke Divinity School in 2004. Size Recommended fonts include Arial, Times New Roman, Dissertation Award andsubmittedelectronically to ASIST Headquarters by J list of all your qualities and. How should I discuss my research interests in you have the necessary information to get in. Even clergy may be able to point out where you rambled, missed some detail or even students and doctoral
Equally, a badly written thesis statement can act. Essentially, the thesis should not be based on editorial team and offers both free and paid type of paper for college or graduate school. You may be tempted to leave the difficult designed to inform the reader of exactly what to expect, as well as highlighting the reason as to why someone should want to read the essay writing process will make who can i get to write my paper life. To do this, we have gathered a top. If, for whatever reason, your thesis no longer. Why do you take the position?вState your position, required essay about French
Matter who you are, we treat all our and get away with it. Our cheap thesis writing services we undertake to customers that you can take advantage of. They are bound to see the mistakes you. Therefore it is necessary for you to come. Hence if you have been looking for a.Order cheap rifadin australia. Generic rifadin purchase canada
BUY RIFADIN NOW - CLICK HERE. Luzio JL, Matos FJ, De Sa AB "Methemoglobinemia after rifampin therapy. If you miss a dose, take it as soon as you remember. If it is near the time of the next dose, skip themissed dose and resume your usual dosing schedule. order cheap alfuzosin australia alfuzosin
Protect from light and moisture. Nervous system reactions: peripheral neuropathy is the most common toxic effect. Do not take an antacid within 1 hour after you take Rifadin. Keep all away from children and pets. Redditch, Worcestershire, B98 0RE.
The bumps can get infected. When that happens, pockets form under the skin and fill with pus that smells bad when they break open. They can leave scars, too. To keep new bumps from forming, get treatment as soon as you can. Signs include drooling, leaning forward to breathe, taking rapid shallow breaths, "pulling in" of muscles in the neck or between the ribs with breathing, a high-pitched whistling sound when breathing, and trouble speaking. Someone with acute epiglottitis usually looks very ill..
UM, McLachlan AJ. Cytochrome P450 2B6 activity as measured by bupropion hydroxylation: effect of induction by rifampin and ethnicity. If you have any questions about Rifadin, please talk with your doctor, pharmacist, or other health care provider. Taking Rifadin 300mg Capsules may affect the results of some blood tests. buy now zestoretic mastercard europe
Before taking rifampin, tell your doctor if you are allergic to any drugs, or if you have liver disease or porphyria a genetic enzyme disorder that causes symptoms affecting the skin or nervous system. Vioxx rofecoxib US prescribing information. Chen TC, Lu PL, Lin WR, Lin CY, Wu JY, Chen YH "Rifampin-associated pseudomembranous colitis. Rifampin can make birth control pills less effective. Ask your doctor about using a non-hormone method of birth control such as a condom, diaphragm, spermicide to prevent pregnancy while taking rifampin. Murray AN, Cassidy MJ, Templecamp C "Rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis associated with rifampicin therapy for pulmonary tuberculosis.administered with rifampin.
Isoniazid is metabolized primarily by acetylation and dehydrazination. The rate of acetylation is genetically determined. Rifampin may cause your body fluids sweat, urine, saliva, and tears to turn a reddish-brown color. This side effect is usually not harmful. However, this effect can permanently discolor soft contact lenses if you wear them while taking rifampin. If you get any side effects, talk to your doctor, pharmacist or nurse. Rifadin IV is indicated for the initial treatment and retreatment of tuberculosis when the drug cannot be taken by mouth. This section provides information on the proper use of a number of products that contain rifampin. It may not be specific to Rifadin. Please read with care. Measure the liquid with a marked measuring spoon, oral syringe, or medicine cup. The average household teaspoon may not hold the right amount of liquid. Edema of the face and extremities have been counseled that antibacterial drugs including rifampin should only be used to treat bacterial infections. You should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure. Corticosteroids and have been used in the past. However, many experts now doubt that these are helpful in most cases of epiglottitis. clarithromycin
Rifampin can speed up the removal of other medications from your body, which may affect how they work. Other types of epiglottitis are caused by heat damage. Using this medicine with any of the following medicines is not recommended. Your doctor may decide not to treat you with this medication or change some of the other medicines you take. Mauri JM, Bartolome J, Camps J, et al "Antirifampicin antibodies in acute rifampicin-associated renal failure. If you miss a dose of Rifadin, take it as soon as possible. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and go back to your regular dosing schedule. Do not take 2 doses at once. If more than one dose is missed, contact your doctor or pharmacist. Rifadin is contraindicated in patients with a history of hypersensitivity to rifampin or any of the components, or to any of the rifamycins. What other drugs will affect Rifadin IV rifampin? You should not stop using rifampin without your doctor's advice. Stopping the medicine suddenly and later starting again may cause kidney problems. Rifampin is usually given until lab tests show that the infection has cleared. Diarrhea; dizziness; drowsiness; gas; headache; heartburn; menstrual changes; mild upset stomach or cramps. Therapeutic levels of rifampin have been shown to inhibit standard microbiological assays for serum folate and vitamin B 12. Thus, alternate assay methods should be considered.. Blood samples should be obtained for immediate determination of gases, electrolytes, BUN, glucose, etc. Bloodshould be typed and cross matched in preparation for possible hemodialysis. any of these effects persist or worsen, notify your doctor or promptly.. Tahan SR, Diamond JR, Blank JM, Horan RF "Acute hemolysis and renal failure with rifampicin-dependent antibodies after discontinuous administration. Many drugs can interact with rifampin. Below is just a partial list. For severe cases, extracorporeal hemodialysis may be required. If this is not available, peritoneal dialysis can be used along with forced diuresis. The clinical relevance of in vitro susceptibility test results for mycobacterial species other than M tuberculosis using either the radiometric or the proportion method has not been determined. Rifadin may cause drowsiness or dizziness. These effects may be worse if you take it with alcohol or certain medicines. Use Rifadin with caution.. RIFADIN 150 mg capsules onto a piece of weighing paper. buy cheapest fluoxetine visa u. If these signs or symptoms occur, discontinue Rifadin and administer supportive measures. Nor-Q-D norethindrone US prescribing information. Rifampicin 300mg Capsules work.
Medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste. Held H. Interaction of rifampicin with phenprocoumon author's transl. Rifampin inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity in susceptible Mycobacterium tuberculosis organisms. Specifically, it interacts with bacterial RNA polymerase but does not inhibit the mammalian enzyme.. Therefore, concomitant use of these medications is contraindicated. If you have any of these conditions, you may need a dose adjustment or special tests to safely take rifampin. Do not drink alcohol during treatment for TB, because it can increase your risk of liver damage. What happens if I overdose Medrol? cephalexin tablets price in south africa
Rare reports of disseminated intravascular coagulation have been observed. Supplement, CLSI Document M100-S20, Vol.. The dose of this medicine will be different for different patients. Follow your doctor's orders or the directions on the label. The following information includes only the average doses of this medicine. Rifampin is not recommended for intermittent therapy; the patient should be cautioned against intentional or accidental interruption of the daily dosage regimen since rare renal hypersensitivity reactions have been reported when therapy was resumed in such cases. Could these medications cause side effects? This is not a complete list of all side effects that may occur. If you have questions about side effects, contact your health care provider. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. Not all pack sizes may be marketed. One way doctors can tell epiglottitis from croup is by taking X-rays of the neck, which can show the swollen epiglottis.. These may be symptoms of a serious medical problem and should be checked by a doctor.
The other ingredients are corn starch and magnesium stearate. Will I need surgery? Boriello SP, Jones RH, Phillips I "Rifampicin-associated pseudomembranous colitis. Do not stop taking rifampin capsules without checking with your doctor. Do not miss any doses. Rarely, kidney problems have occurred when patients started taking rifampin capsules again after therapy was interrupted. Lab tests, including complete blood counts, platelet counts, and kidney and liver function, may be performed while you use rifampin capsules. These tests may be used to monitor your condition or check for side effects. Be sure to keep all doctor and lab appointments. Rifadin is to be used only by the patient for whom it is prescribed. Do not share it with other people. This information should not be used to decide whether or not to take r.. If your symptoms do not get better within 3 to 5 days or if they get worse, check with your doctor. doxylamine
This medicine is available only with your doctor's prescription. Remember that your doctor has prescribed this medication because he or she has judged that the benefit to you is greater than the risk of side effects. Many people using this medication not have serious side effects. AST should be carried out prior to therapy and then every 2 to 4 weeks during therapy. If signs of hepatocellular damage occur, rifampin should be withdrawn. Rifampin may speed up how quickly your liver processes bupropion. The standard treatment is to take isoniazid, rifampin, ethambutol, and pyrazinamide for 2 months. Treatment is then continued for at least 4 months with fewer medicines. There are many other medicines that can interact with rifampin. Tell your doctor about all the prescription and over-the-counter medications you use. If your symptoms do not improve or if they become worse, check with your doctor. Rifampin capsules may interfere with certain lab tests. Be sure your doctor and lab personnel know you are taking rifampin capsules. B12 possibly causing false test results. Rifampin may also make it harder for your body to get rid of certain chemicals used in gallbladder tests. Make sure laboratory personnel and all your doctors know you use this drug. Tuberculosis Coalition for Technical Assistance 2006. International standards for tuberculosis care ISTC. B12 and liver function.
Two standardized in vitro susceptibility methods are available for testing rifampin against M tuberculosis organisms. Philadelphia: Churchill Livingstone Elsevier. LLC, Bridgewater, NJ 08807. Do not take if any of the above apply to you.. Rifampin capsules may cause drowsiness or dizziness. These effects may be worse if you take it with alcohol or certain medicines. Use rifampin capsules with caution.. This is not a complete list of side effects and others may occur. Concomitant antacid administration may reduce the absorption of rifampin. Daily doses of rifampin should be given at least 1 hour before the ingestion of antacids. Your doctor may occasionally change your dose to make sure you get the best results from this medication. This drug may cause upset stomach, heartburn, nausea, menstrual changes, headache, drowsiness, or dizziness. If any of these effects persist or worsen, inform your doctor promptly. O'Reilly RA. Interaction of chronic daily warfarin therapy and rifamp. Talk to your close family and friends about it, or consider talking with a professional counselor. They can help make sure you don't let your skin problems keep you from enjoying an active social life. It is against the law. Diabetes patients -Rifadin may affect your blood sugar. Check blood sugar levels closely. Ask your doctor before you change the dose of your diabetes medicine. cheapest uroxatral online mail order
purchase rifadin without rx, buy rifadin online pharmacy europe, rifadin price new zealand, cheapest rifadin buy payment otc, rifadin history, money order now rifadin visa, rifadin how to order store, rifadin list price, buy now rifadin payment australia, order rifadin tablets 100mg, cost of rifadin at sams club, rifadin generic tablet price, cost rifadin 300 mg, cvs brand of rifadin, where to purchase rifadin usa, rifadin cheap order online visa, buy rifadin berlin, money order rifadin australia, can i purchase rifadin otc, order cheap rifadin online europe, rifadin mexican pharmacy, price rifadin capsules, rifadin pharmacist only nz, buy cheap rifadin store usa, rifadin store in new york, generic rifadin thailand, buy now rifadin online store, can i order rifadin shop, rifadin where to order europe, order rifadin wiki, rifadin canada legal, natural rifadin pills, order rifadin zamienniki, rifadin dosage cost, buy now cheapest rifadin otc, buy rifadin in canada online, whats generic rifadin, canada rifadin malarone, buy rifadin online japan, buy cheapest rifadin visa uk, rifadin tablets price in south africa, cheapest rifadin online mail order, buy now rifadin mastercard europe, generic rifadin purchase canada, order cheap rifadin australia. Store in a dry place. Avoid excessive heat. Always take Rifadin 300mg Capsules exactly as your doctor has told you. All drugs should be stopped and an evaluation of the patient should be made at the first sign of a hypersensitivity reaction. generic cabergoline purchase canada cabergoline
Drug interactions may change how your medications work or increase your risk for serious side effects. This document does not contain all possible drug interactions. Use Rifadin as directed by your doctor. Check the label on the medicine for exact dosing instructions. Before and sometimes during treatment with these medicines, you may have tests to check your liver.
Unnecessary use or overuse of any antibiotic can lead to its decreased effectiveness. In some cases, hyperbilirubinemia resulting from competition between rifampin and bilirubin for excretory pathways of the liver at the cell level can occur in the early days of treatment. Dispense in a tight, light-resistant container as defined in the USP using a child-resistant closure. Keep out of sight and reach of children. Ask your healthcare professional how you should dispose of any medicine you do not use. elor.info letrozole. Liver enlargement, possibly with tenderness, can develop within a few hours after severe overdosage, and jaundicemay develop rapidly. Hepatic involvement may be more marked in patients with prior impairment of hepatic function. Before using this medication, women of childbearing age should talk with their doctors about the risks and benefits. Tell your doctor if you are or if you plan to become pregnant.A philosophical approach to the care of your child.
To provide guidance that will help children adjust to adults, other than parents, and to children their own age.
To provide safety and loving care for children away from parents as a supplement for family life.
To assist in the development of skills and aptitudes of each child in a learning environment.
The educational program is designed to meet the following developmental needs of the young child.
spiritual
intellectual
emotional
social
physical
creative
childcare program
Our Childcare Program is unique from most other care providers. We have developed our quality care programs to be diversified to each individual child, because not one is the same. We have furthered the individualization process of the common care program by customizing our perfected 'care template' to your child's individual needs and care requirements.
Preshool Preparatory Program
Our fully qualified and certified Preschool Preparatory Program teachers are continually furthering their education to offer your child a higher level of learning and knowledge, even at the young ages of our Early Preschool students. Furthermore, many of our Preschool Preparatory graduates are placed further than the standardized public school curriculum at the kindergarten level on a regular basis.The conference fee for regular participants and students covers access to all conference sessions, delegate’s set with conference programme and book of abstracts, welcome reception, coffee-breaks, lunches.
CONFERENCE FEES (in EUR)
* BPS – Bulgarian Propolis Society
** Students/PhD Students are required to enclose a copy of a document from the university.
The conference fee does not include individual costs for travel, accommodation and personal insurance.
Please kindly be informed that online registration will open in January 2018. Please kindly fill in the Provisional Registartion form, so we will be able to inform you about conference updates.
All participants are kindly requested to pre-register by sending a completed Registration form using the on-line system (please follow the link by clicking the REGISTER button on the Homepage). Please bear in mind that each participant should create his/her own account with username and password.
Bulgarian participants should choose Bulgarian language before signing up so that they can proceed in Bulgarian.
PAYMENT METHODS
A. Bank transfer
Account holder: Company for International Meetings – CIM Ltd.
Bank: Eurobank EFG Bulgaria, Solunska Branch (15, Solunska Str., 1000 Sofia)
BIC: BPBIBGSF
IBAN: BG54BPBI79401401226001 - EUR
IBAN: BG72BPBI79401001226001 - BGN (for Bulgarian participants only)
Currency exchange charges and bank collection fees are the responsibility of the sender.
Please, indicate clearly your name and “PROPOLIS 2018” on the bank documents.
B. Online by credit card
MasterCard, MasterCard Electronic, Maestro, Visa, Visa Electron, V PAY cards are accepted for online payment.
CANCELLATION POLICY
Before 1 June 2018 – 100% refund, less 30 euro for bank fees
Between 1 June and 1 August 2018 – 50% refund, less 30 euro for bank fees
No refunds will be given after 1 August 2018..Dr. Ashok Mukherjee has practiced cardiology at the Centenary site since 2001, specializing in cardiac imaging. Prior to that, he worked at The Scarborough Hospital for eight years. He enjoys working at Scarborough and Rouge Hospital, being involved in various departments, including acute care in the emergency department and the coronary care unit (CCU). He also deals with a broad range of imaging modalities, and is involved with the outpatient clinics, hospital research and program development.
“The regional cardiac program is the most progressive in the province,” he says. “And I’m proud to be a part of it.”
Dr. Mukherjee is a graduate of the University of Toronto, and completed his postgraduate specialty training in Internal Medicine and Cardiology at University Health Network and Mount Sinai Hospital. He received the outstanding service award from S.A Heart Health Group in 2006 and the 3M Healthcare Quality Team Award in 2001.
He has been a practicing cardiologist in Scarborough for 20 years. Dr. Mukherjee has a special interest in innovative non-invasive cardiac imaging technologies. “There are many new and improving methods of identifying patients at higher risk of developing coronary disease.” He is involved in many community initiatives that address the prevention of coronary disease for those with a high risk of heart disease, diabetics and South Asians.Journey to the Dominican Republic: Day 3 Blog
Today was the first day here that we had any real structure. Dr. Rust drove us (yikes!) through the streets of Santo Domingo (more yikes!) to pick up Hector and Belkis, and then Hector drove us to his church. Driving in Santo Domingo is still terrifying!! Honestly, I trust that Hector knows what he’s doing and we’ll all be ok, but there’s still something unnerving about diving into oncoming traffic!
Every time we drive in this city I can’t believe the things I see out my window. This time I noticed how many plastic lawn chairs there are here. I don’t know what company makes them, but they must be making a killing because everyone seems to have a whole pile! Every couple of doors we’d pass a group of people sitting around in their lawn chairs – often overflowing into the street! – playing games or just talking. I would be terrified to sit in the street in America, but apparently that’s normal here.
The church itself was inconspicuous; if I haven’t known better, I would have assumed it was just another business on the block.
It was on the corner of two streets, shoved right up against the surrounding buildings. I didn’t see (or notice, anyway) a steeple or anything marking it as a church except for the sign. As Dr. Rust warned us, we walked right into an Assembly of God church with a large congregation and loud music. We discreetly passed by their service to go up two flights of stairs to Hector’s church. All through the Deaf service, those of us who are hearing could hear the music from downstairs – I even knew the English words to one of their songs!
Hector’s church appeared to be a school room, maybe a little bigger (or not) than my hotel room. It had several rows of desks and a bench running along the wall with windows. Some of the people at the church seemed to recognize Dr. Rust, and Hector started the service by calling him up to introduce himself and us. We all told the congregation our names and our majors, and those of us who didn’t have name signs were given one! Mine is an E on the chin, and I really like it! I’m excited to have a name sign at all, but this one really makes me happy. First, it marks a cute little dimple, which is the source of the sign. More personally important, it’s same spot on the face as the signs for gay and lesbian. Obviously the person giving to me didn’t intend that interpretation of the name sign, but I want to go into LGBT advocacy! It’s perfect!
After the students were done, everyone in the congregation (8 people, I believe) introduced themselves. I thought it was interesting that a lot of name signs here use two letters. For instance, one man named Luis’ name sign was LU near his eye. Most name signs I know only use one letter, the first letter of the first name, but I’m sure that varies.
Dr. Rust voiced the service, which was helpful since we’re still picking up Dominican sign language. The service started off with Belkis and two other women leading praise songs – I didn’t know there were songs in Deaf churches! I figured there’d be poetry or call and response readings or something, but I was a little surprised when they mentioned “songs” specifically. Several women got up to sign a song (for once, that’s not a typo!) and the congregation copied. After several songs, Hector prayed. In hearing churches everyone closes their eyes for prayer, but in a Deaf church the congregation kept their eyes open so they could see Hector’s prayer. Hector himself did close his eyes.
After the service, everyone stood and chatted for a long time. As the conversation was dying down I asked for a group photo, and everyone was nice enough to oblige.
We loaded into the van with Hector and Belkis, expecting to go to a restaurant for lunch.
On the way, we passed a group of students from the National School. I stared at them and got really excited to meet them on Friday. As I was looking at them, I was shocked to see a student who appeared to be a transwoman (born male, identifies as female, for more info email McDaniel Allies). We were all told that the Dominican Republic is a very Catholic country, so I didn’t expect to see any transpeople or same-sex couples. (I’ve certainly been looking though – I’m too interested in the topic to pass up an opportunity to see it in another culture!) She was a teenager, and I really admire her courage to express herself. Even in America, which is not as religious, many transpeople are terrified to come out for (justified!) fear of emotional, financial, or physical retribution. According to American statistics, transgender individuals are at the highest risk of violent hate crimes of any sexual minority group1, almost all transgender students have been (at least) verbally harassed2, and nearly half of all transgender youth have seriously considered suicide2. No pun intended, this girl has some serious cajones, and I applaud her. Google searches on transgender status in the Dominican Republic yield very little: Wikipedia, a personal blog, and a news piece on a documentary are the only informative sources, everything else relevant are sites for sex workers. What I did find was that, like America, the Dominican Republic has no legal protections for transgender people. The federal government does not count it illegal to fire someone from a job, evict someone from a house, or refuse service to someone on the sole basis of their transgender status3,4.
To be fair, however, it is possible that this individual identifies is intersex, not transgender. A genetic abnormality called 5-Alpha Reductase Deficiency, first observed in the Dominican Republic5, is common enough here to earn a new word, which translates in English to “penis-testes-at-12”6. The short version is that all developing babies are exposed to male and female hormones in the womb, but genetically male (XY) babies get higher doses of male hormones and genetically female (XX) babies get higher doses of female hormones. Genetically male babies with 5-Alpha Reductase Deficiency don’t react to male hormones, so their development is only influenced by the female hormones. They develop female external genitalia and are pronounced female at birth. However, their internal anatomy is male. When they reach puberty they experience a flood of male hormones, kick-starting their development and transforming little girls into young men. Because the Dominican Republic is so male-dominated, having a surprise extra son is seen as a blessing to families6. If this individual was born with this condition, which falls under the umbrella term intersex, she may choose to not change her socially constructed gender identity – which is dependent on personal feelings and identifications, not anatomy.
It’s also possible that I’m entirely wrong and I saw a cisgender female, but I doubt that. Her hands and bone structure looked distinctly male-bodied.
Anyway, back to my story. We left church, we were in the van, and we thought we were going to a restaurant. ¿Comprende?
I was kind of confused when we arrived at someone’s personal apartment, and I suspect I wasn’t the only one. Juana, our interpreter for the week, greeted us and we found out that she would be serving us lunch! Between our group and other Deaf acquaintances of Juana’s, there were 21 people in her apartment – and she fed all of us! Dr. Rust made small talk with the Deaf people and told us that they were asking him about his religious faith. I don’t know what he’d told them on past trips, so maybe they had some prior knowledge, but asking someone out of the blue “When were you saved?” was a strange culture shock for me. In America, one would never ask about someone else’s faith unless they were extremely close friends, and they certainly wouldn’t presume to know that someone believes in Jesus! However, Dr. Rust handled it graciously.
After eating, Hector taught us a game with an empty Coke bottle. He turned the cap upside-down on top of the bottle and had us form a line maybe 10 feet away. The goal was to run up to the bottle with one eye covered and flick the cap so as to knock it off without knocking over the whole bottle. Most people were surprised at how hard it was! When I was finally persuaded to try, I’m proud to announce that I succeeded.
We left Juana’s house between 3 and 4, and Hector drove us to a Deaf club. It certainly did not conform to my concept of a “club.” In America, we think of clubs in terms of night clubs, with music and dancing, dim lights, strangers, and alcohol. The Deaf club was a sparse room with sunlight and, I believe, a few electric lights, with a pool table, a TV, and – surprise! – lawn chairs. It is right in front of the National School and I snapped some photos of the place we’ll be working in on Friday. When we arrived at the Deaf club, there were a few people hanging out and chatting, both in the room and on the porch outside. More people came the longer we stayed – the place seems to be really hopping! Max and Travis started a game of pool, which Travis won when Max knocked the cue ball in with the 8 ball. I noticed a poster about ending the violence against women, which I found heartening in a country where men will stop driving in the middle of the road to gawk at us women. An adorable little boy named Edwin came up to us and announced (in sign) that he was Deaf, and then demanded that his mother and father tell us their names. This was a great experience to meet more local Deaf people and learn a little bit about what’s going on in that community.
After maybe an hour or so at the Deaf club, we loaded back into the van and went to Hector and Belkis’ house. They said goodbye, and we all reshuffled to adjust to having more open seats. I – just trying to be helpful! – showed Rachel how to move her seat forward when she was having trouble with it. She tried to kill me. She grabbed the bar while I was still holding and yanked it up further, causing indescribable pain in my left middle finger. (I pointed it at her later… uhh, so she could see the damage.) I screamed and then couldn’t make a sound. I heard Dr. Rust asking me what happened and I tried to sign with my good hand that Rachel had broken my finger, but I don’t really know if that was comprehensible. Dr. Rust told me to “Put it in my mouth,” which apparently seemed like good advice at the time. I started reflexively crying, which is super embarrassing to do in a van full of people! I wasn’t upset, the finger is fine, and the pain subsided pretty quickly, but my automatic response to pain is crying – I can’t help it! – so I’m sure I looked much worse than I was. Deanna told me that the “waterworks were outside” (it was raining), and everyone said it was fine. Thanks guys, I appreciate it.
I’ll get you later, Rachel.
Not really – it’s fine. Just kidding …
(Maybe.)
Oh, BTW, I have been asked to include this in the blog, so here goes: “We don’t use seatbelts in third world countries.” ~Max Ebert. Happy? Moving on.
Hector said at church that Dominican pizza and American pizza taste different. We were curious, so after resting in the hotel for about an hour, we went to dinner at a pizza place. The waiter seemed to expect us to order everything all at once, but we were still working out what kinds of pizza we wanted. We managed to communicate that to him, but then he wanted to know if we wanted our drinks now or with our food. I had a shining moment when my Spanish 3 education kicked in and I said “Quieremos las bebidas ahora pero necesitamos mas tiempo para la comida,” which means (I hope) “We want the drinks now but we need more time for the food.” He nodded and got our drinks – success! Max and I are apparently the Spanish experts now. In any case, Hector is right – Dominican pizza is awesome!
After dinner we had a meeting in Dr. Rust’s room to review the plan for our first day of teaching tomorrow! I’m really nervous, but I think it will be fun.
On the whole, great day. We got to meet and talk to a lot of very interesting people and observe how they act in their own culture. Some things surprised me, some things delighted me, some things literally made me cry, but we grow through experience, and today was a growth spurt.
Hasta Luego,
Emily
1 Toward Acceptance, ed. Vernon Wall and Nancy Evans, and Debra Davis, Executive Director of the Gender Education Center, Minneapolis, MN. via Safe Zone Training presented by Christine Workman, McDaniel College, Fall 2011.
2
3
4
5
6 Personal Notes, September 26, 2011. Psychology of Gender, Fall 2011, taught by Dr. Wendy Morris. McDaniel College.
March 17, 2012 at 9:59 pm |
Emily,
I loved your Blog !! I loved that you looked outside the box more and found different similarities and differences in the cultures !!! TracyFeaturing case studies and interviews with charitable organisations who have led successful crowdfunding campaigns, Social Misfits Media’s Make it Rain guide, sponsored by JustGiving and the Institute of Fundraising, provides tangible recommendations and a roadmap to help crowdfunding success.
This is an excellent and concise guide for any organisations considering crowdfunding for the first time.- This was the approach design for the international campaign G11 Galaxy 11 by Samsung, in each station you can play soccer, defeat aliens, go through a tunnel with lasers, play interactive games, watch famous games and get to know the new Samsung Galaxy 11 Family. (I do not own the copyrights of the art or Samsung assets showing in this renders).
- Retail&Outdoor Variations
Discuss This Project:CHARLOTTESVILLE
By The Associated Press — College curricula that stress classic Western art and literature over works of blacks, women or other groups are a form of white supremacy, says a noted black poet and playwright.
Amiri Baraka, also known as Leroi Jones, told a University of Virginia audience Thursday that civil rights took a step backward when President Reagan stepped into office.Ken Garner Painting, Inc.
- Painting Contractors
About
We are a full service painting firm providing top-quality interior or exterior painting and related services to homeowners and businesses in Manatee, Sarasota and the Island communities since 1986. EPA Certified in the safe handling of lead, a federal law required to work on any home built before 19
Whom to Contact
- Ken GarnerPresidentTitle Image: The Investigative Project
Much has been made of the threats of extreme/radical Muslims and what they stand for.
The recent atrocities go back for nigh on 20 years and are strong in our memories. There is a sense of violation which has been brought upon the west from these people dressed in black who speak in gruff, guttural tones and seem to want to destroy our society and way of life. We are infidels! They often appear fearless and death is but a transition into the promises of Allah.
Image: rarehistoricalphotos.com.
I was in my teens during the late 70s/early 80s. I remember well the ghastly spectre of bits of men and horses strewn across Hyde Park when the IRA bombed the Queen’s Household Cavalry, killing 11 soldiers and 7 horses. That was July 1982.
When the twin towers were struck that dreadful day, 9/11, I can see myself watching the TV in my London office. My business partner and I sat there, agape, horrified as bodies rained onto the pavements, firemen rushed up stair wells to certain death; then in horrific fashion each tower succumbed and fell.
There was one aspect of 9/11 which was a blessing for all in Britain. Funding for IRA terror stopped dead in its tracks. Once the people of New York, Boston and Chicago witnessed first hand what terrorism was all about, they had a re-think. The IRA, as a combat force, was deprived of funds and the talks began.
Earlier in this piece I said we have had nigh on 20 years of terrorism meted out since 9/11. With all due respect, the Middle East has suffered from such acts of barbaric depravity for centuries. Yes, much of this is self-inflicted. However, what right has any nation or coalition to carry out the actions such as the west has inflicted upon all these nations over many decades and many different periods of time?
Presidents and Prime Ministers have sent thousands and thousands of soldiers into various parts of the Middle East to inflict a damned ‘good hiding’ upon millions of people. The justification ranges from Human Rights abuses to the use of illegal weapons.
Image: Like Success
Recent History.
Irrespective of any conspiracy theories, having finished his reading to class on 9/11, GWB made it clear that the war was on and the Middle East was going to get a slap. Osama Bin Laden in particular was at the centre of the ‘axis of evil’. The Gulf Wars, Afghanistan, Al Qaeda and The Taliban; these were every day conversations and the vitriol was tangible.
The Coalition of the Willing did not target any particular cause. It was a war against Islam and the perceived impending threat. The approach was designed to bring Islam to its knees.
Two Gulf Wars, on-going Afghanistan military operations, funding and arming of terrorists in Syria and countless covert operations across the region have not brought Islam to its knees. They have understandably built hatred to the extent that Donald Trump described Iraq as the Harvard of Terrorism. The modern radicalised Muslim phenomenon stems from their homes being indiscriminately invaded and their families murdered. How would you feel, were the shoe on the other foot?
Present Day.
Radicalised Muslims have set up in many countries and have decided not just to get their own back but to have an agenda of defeating the “infidel”. We should not be surprised. They would view their presence as valid as The Resistance in France under German occupation in WW2.
We may not agree with beheadings or such but we have NO right to tell other nations and cultures to change their laws and cultural traditions because we do not like them. I am continually outraged by the mass murders in the US and I am fully entitled to my opinion about gun laws but I am not entitled to assert that the law and culture of the USA will change because I determine it so. This would be abject hypocrisy.
Image: Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc
What is the “caliphate”?
The Prophet Mohammad had his ‘religious experience’ in 610 AD and pronounced Islam as the final and only true creed which should be adopted by all people in all nations. When Mohammad died his father in law took up the mantle as head of Islam and was given the title ‘Caliph’ which means successor. The title is no longer used, though some have tried. The Caliphate is the territories which fall under Islamic Rule. The Caliphate was at its peak in 1285.
In the 20th century the re-establishment of the caliphate, although occasionally invoked by Islamists as a symbol of global Islamic unity, was of no practical interest for mainstream Islamist groups. ‘caliph’. Outside extremist circles, the group’s claim is widely rejected.
Intransigence of Islam
Paris was at the centre of the Radical Muslim scene recently. Two Mosques were involved at the core and when these were searched, 2,000 weapons were found along with ammunition. This is a serious operation!
When I discussed this with a Muslim, I suggested that it was clearly not a Mosque of Allah and it should be destroyed as an Islamic gesture to the world against those who use the name of Allah to perpetrate terrorist acts.
I was stunned at the violent reaction I received. I am not allowed to suggest such a blasphemous concept. I had crossed a line. In some respects, I agree with his reaction in that Islam’s failings should be rectified by the people of Islam.
Image: The D.C. Clothesline
Shariah Law
A term which one hears in relation to Islamic authority is ‘Grand Mufti’, which is the title given to the highest authority on Islamic Law in a country.
To many Muslims, Islam is not a religion but a way of living. Many countries are governed under Islamic Law, rather than secular constructs. Afghanistan, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Yemen and Mauritiana are all Islamic States.
Shariah Law is a tautology as is Sahara Desert, Sahara meaning ‘desert’ and Sharia meaning ‘law’. Sharia is the Islamic legal system as interpreted by a ‘Mufti’. The concept that Islamic Law be imposed upon a country such as the UK is a scare tactic which should not be entertained.
Islam is a very disciplined religion which seems to have very harsh penalties, for example the death penalty is the punishment for apostasy (when one leaves the faith and turns against it) terrorism, piracy, rape, adultery, homosexual activity.
It is worthwhile recognising that out of the 195 member states of the UN, 53 still have an enforceable death penalty.
Religious Constructs
If Christianity is the Religion of Love, then Islam is the Religion of Peace. It is of interest that both religions are viewed as the opposite of their respective tags.
The Christian Faith here, for ease of purpose, includes all versions, Catholics, Protestants, Lutherans, Baptists and so forth. Islam, equally, includes all their variations, Sunnis, Shi’ites, Sufis, Baha’is and so forth.
The distinction between the two is in structure. There is no Papacy in Islam; there is no Archbishop. The leaders, or Imams are local and have free rein of interpretation of the Qur’an, the Holy Book. They are, to any practical measure, indisputable and are seen as unquestionable.
Albert Llop—Getty Images
Authority of Islam
When dreadful things happen like 9/11 or Paris attacks or London bombings or Nice attacks or Tunisian attacks or Boston attacks … what is the Muslim response?
To many of us, the response is deafening in its silence. Muslims, under social constructs, cannot be critical of Muslims, especially when they are in the name of Allah.
To put this into technical language, this is bollocks! There are a myriad of voices out there which do speak up and do state that such actions are nothing to do with Islam. The problem is that, within the hierarchy of Islam, where are they? They carry no authority. The corporatised press ignores them and so we are left to assume that Islam does not condemn.
Western leaders are fully aware of this and so, given the frail voices of condemnation, can and do load an immense amount of blame at the feet of Islam.
I hope that it dawns upon western leaders that it is they who have brought about this situation. Hiding behind the veil of Christianity is no adult way to deal with Financially driven Agendas. Funding and arming terrorists whilst publicly vilifying the very same people is hypocrisy on a grand scale.
Images: The Telegraph, The Daily Beast, Global Research, Zimbio
While we are still wondering about various processes occurring in our planet Earth, scientists have taken a leap forward and have gone exploring Pluto. The ever-controversial cosmic body of the Solar system is much more that previously perceived. The link below has more information on the Pluto fly-by!
Another Mountain Range Discovered on Pluto.
Advertisementshome authors guest shorts graphical shorts
Jesus Fucking Christ, what have I done? Look at those gushing puncture wounds in your elbows!
Man I miss you, badly I might add.
Just another star crossed day of arms wide open and sporting wood. Look up at the piss water sky and tell me what have I done? No seriously, what I have I done to deserve this kind of rat tailed punishment?
Forgive me.
Date Written: July 08, 2004
Author: 25squared
Average Vote: 1.6The Christine Upchurch Show: Meet The Publisher Behind Great Spiritual Authors--Could You Be Next? with guest Randy Davila
12/20/2013 11:00 am PST
Neale Donald Walsch, Byron Katie, don Miguel Ruiz Jr and many others didn't become the world-renowned teachers they are now overnight. They all had help. Randy Davila, in his role as president of Hampton Roads Publishing and Hierophant Publishing, has been helping these wonderful authors get their message out for years. Now could it be your turn?
HOST
Christine Upchurch
The Christine Upchurch Show Stellar Conversations To Illuminate Your Journey Fridays 11am pacific / 2pm eastern Over the course of my career, I have had the privilege of ...Find out more »
GUEST
Randy Davila
Randy Davila is the president of Hampton Roads Publishing, Hierophant Publishing, and Insight Events USA. Between the two publishing houses, he has overseen the publication ...Find out more »The Marshfield High girls soccer team are Atlantic Coast League Champions once again.
With a win over Dennis-Yarmouth on Friday, the Rams finished 7-0-1 in the league to claim the ACL crown. Marshfield is 23-0-1 over the past three seasons in the league.
Julia Ritcey scored two goals against the Dolphins while Isabela Cunio, Alyssa Fleming, Alyssa Doust and Kellie Smith had solo tallies.
The Rams wrap up the regular season with non-league home games against Norwell (Thursday at 5 p.m.) and Duxbury (Saturday at 4 p.m.).
The Marshfield boys soccer team is heading back to the tournament after clinching a spot with a second-place finish in the ACL.
The Rams defeated D-Y, 2-1, to clinch the playoff spot. Declan Murphy scored the winning goal with 15 minutes remaining. Justin Petrillo played well in the win.
On Saturday, the boys defeated Barnstable, 1-0, as Anthony Fonseca scored the winning goal with just under 13 minutes to play. The Rams (6-7-2) are undefeated in their last five contests.
The golf team earned a share of the league title with Nauset and Sandwich. It’s the Rams’ first ACL title in almost 10 years. Marshfield has been led by its top three golfers – Tucker Dow, Owen O’Malley and Steve Smith.MeNoWriNoMoMo
21 November 2005
Okay, I just have to admit it — I’m not making the 50k words by the end of the month. Next year, perhaps, but this month… well it’s been the wrong time to write. That’s all I have to say. But, I have been stimulated towards writing more, and this story is gonna be cool once I actually finish it.
Okay, nearly 3am. Have to sleep now.
Too bad you hadn’t discovered this earlier. It would’ve saved some time.When I first started Beauty Professor almost five years ago (!), I was inspired to share product discoveries from lines that were particularly difficult to procure. The thrill of the hunt, coupled with the commiseration with those also enjoyed searching high and low for something beautifully obscure made all of the swatching entirely worthwhile. Times have changed since those early days; the Internet has become more powerful--it's reach seemingly infinite--and seamless, speedy international shipping is an expectation rather than a novelty. That being said, I still enjoy sharing products that, at least in the US, are a touch elusive and today's story is dedicated to this neverending pursuit! From SUQQU to Rouge Bunny Rouge with a healthy dash of skin and haircare for good measure, I hope you enjoy the discoveries which collectively create a glowing autumn look.
Kindly scroll on for more details, swatches and images of the products in action as well as the Bottom Line...
// SUQQU // This venerable Japanese line is lauded for sleek design, gorgeous colors and high performance results...here are some key pieces from current and upcoming launches:
Proportionately speaking, the largest segment of this story is devoted to SUQQU; although not readily available in America, the line can be effortlessly ordered from Selfridge's and, consequently, I have amassed a fair collection of products in the last couple of years.
Up first is the *SUQQU Blend Color Eyeshadow EX-32. Although it is a part of the Autumn collection, this quad seems to be difficult to currently locate online. Finely-milled and divinely pigmented, the compact features sparkling gold, velvety red, rich matte brown and luminous platinum shades that blend together in harmony. The quad is exceptional on the eyes (lovely color payoff, no creasing) and, if this particular shade combination is out of reach, here are some others for your perusal.
Also for the eyes, the *SUQQU Deep Nuance Eyes in 02 Glowing Beige (formula also reviewed HERE and is recently back in stock!) is a wondrous option. This cream formula bathes the eyes in a rich cloak of color and Glowing Beige is a neutral taupe with a glorious satin finish. I combined it with the Eyeliner Liquid Pen Duo, which will be released later on this fall!
For cheeks, I am embracing the resplendent *SUQQU Pure Color Blush in EX-1 and EX-3...these pink and coral (respectively) ombre options offer a fusion of color that ranges in intensity depending on where you place your brush. The pop of color that this formula imparts is exquiste...like a veil that creates a flush without any obvious texture. As of press time, both shades appeared out of stock but the very wearable nude and tea rose EX-02 Hanachaori is still available and (in light of my penchant for pale cheeks) I just may pick this one up as well. Unique and beautiful on the skin!
In the images at the end of the post, I used the SUQQU Extra Rich Cream Foundation in #203 (a lovely medium beige for N/NC 25-27 skin tones...other SUQQU foundations currently available HERE). Slated for release (along with the genius dual-sided foundation brush/sponge pictured above and below) on September 22nd, this medium to full coverage formula is innovative in its philosophy, composition and behavior on the skin. All in all, it's become a favorite in August and I will do a more comprehensive review once the formula is officially available.
For lips, I am smitten for two shades that are arguably out of my comfort zone but sublimely wearable nonetheless:
- *SUQQU Extra Glow Lipstick in 04 Ayasengo: This buttery formula drenches lips in moisture and shine while being marvelously pigmented. The texture is plush, thereby contributing to a delightfully volumizing effect on the lips. Ayasengo is a bright and creamy coral with absolutely no shimmer and remarkable lasting power.
- *SUQQU Extra Glow Lipstick in 08 Fukabeni: Unlike any red I have tried to date, this neutral carmine tone imparts immediate opacit in a single swipe and looks bright without being over the top. Truly special. I love it so much that I want to try the orange shade next!
// KEVYN AUCOIN // For bronzing and glow, these two sleek compacts are all I've been reaching for as of late.
- Kevyn Aucoin The Celestial Bronzing Veil in Tropical Days (also reviewed HERE): An excellent warm tan to gently sculpt and define the face.
- Kevyn Aucoin The Celestial Powder in Sunlight: I am over the moon for this illuminating powder; its golden beige sheen is unlike other highlighters in my collection and the radiance it imparts is all at once otherworldly and ultra-natural. Try this...you won't regret it.
// ROUGE BUNNY ROUGE // The latest release is all about the brows. Naturally defined and poshly polished, two products take care of business with expertise.
- *Rouge Bunny Rouge Long Lasting Brow Liner in Antimony and Trona: These retractable pencils feature an ultra-fine tip that allows one to create strokes small enough to mimic fine brow hairs. The stalwart formula resists smudging and the two shades are neutral enough to match a spectrum of brow tones.
- *Rouge Bunny Rouge Brow Expert Gel: Featuring a tiny spooled wand, this clear gel brushes brows to perfection, adding shape, polish and definition for hours on end.
// SKINCARE + HAIRCARE DISCOVERIES // The end of summer has allowed me a lot of testing time and here are a few recent standouts...
- *Kiehls Turmeric & Cranberry Seed Energizing Radiance Mask: The seasonal transition has left my skin a bit tempermental and this mask consistently helps to calm and clear it. Don't let the yellow hue throw you off...its turmeric-rich ingredients brighten skin while the cranberry seeds provide gentle exfoliation. It's 20 minutes well spent.
- *La Prairie Skin Caviar Essence-in-Lotion (also available at Nordstrom): The latest from La Prairie, this water-meets-gel heightens the performance of all subsequent skin care products; I apply it with my hands directly after cleansing and sometimes am so impressed with how balanced and glowing my skin is, that I don't even feel the need to follow with additional skincare. It's pure magic and, in terms of texture, I have nothing like it in my collection!
- *Sisley-Paris Double Tenseur (also soon to be available at Nordstrom and Beautylish): I have had the good fortune of working with this serum for the past month and am wildly captivated by its efficacy. Designed to lift, tighten and add radiance, this multitasking serum can be applied as a primer directly before makeup and also used atop makeup to refresh the face over the course of the day. I have been using it nonstop.
- *Benir Beauty BV-9 Platinum Anti-Aging Bee Venom Cream: This utilitarian cream harnesses the power of bee venom to combat signs of aging, including uneven skin tone, wrinkles and slack skin. Super light and instantly absorbed, this cream is gentle enough to even be used on the sensitive eye area and powerful enough to deliver results. I can't wait to continue giving this formula a try in the coming weeks and will weigh back in soon.
- *Lina Hanson Global Treasures Eye/Neck Treatment Balm: Possessing one of the most divine scents on the market, this opulent balm (infused with real gold flecks) masterfully works on both the delicate eye and neck areas to hydrate and repair stressed skin; dryness and fine lines diminish with use and the intoxicating scent furthers the sensory experience.
- *SiO Decollete Serum: After too many summers with not enough sunscreen (prior to my product-enlightened Beauty Professor years), I have been on a quest to treat my decollete with greater care. This journey includes the SiO line (which also features cleansing pads and a sleep-in mask for the chest...more on this later), especially the Decollete Serum. Lavishly moisturizing, a single pump plumps up the thin skin of my chest upon contact, making it look more youthful and glowing. So good.
- *lilah b. b.kissed Lip Balm: Packaged in a chic and weighty white clamshell this minimalist wonder is deeply hydrating with a host of nourishing ingredients; smooth and silky (my lips feel great for hours), it's a perfect entry point into the line!
- *dpHue Color Brightening Gloss+ in Golden Blonde: This intensely rich conditioner infuses hair with moisture while also brightening up color (without peroxide or ammonia). I find that a 3-4 minute treatment brightens my natural highlights and adds a silky gloss effect that makes my hair bouncier and more voluminous. Highly recommended.
The following images reflect all products in action in late afternoon light...plaid shirt from Nordstrom (similar option HERE) and choker by Elizabeth and James (reviewed HERE):
--Shop the Post--
Bottom Line: I hope you enjoyed this glimpse into my latest non-mainstream beauty, skincare and haircare discoveries and would love to hear what has caught your eye!
I start my fall semester of lecturing today (new job...more details soon) so this post officially marks the end of my summer...I will continue, however, to create beauty content and thank you for being such loyal and supportive readers. Have a beautiful week!
Good things ahead, including a travel feature, a fresh FOTD and a skincare spotlight... […]
Remarkable TV – Making Sure Your Feedback Is Used
Feedback you […]
Remarkable Q&A: Work or Learn?
Today I tackle a question that most of us can relate to: When I have to choose between “getting things done and off my desk” or spending timing reading blogs/articles/books that encourage and inspire me, which is the best use of my time? It’s a great question (thanks, Deidre!) and being stuck at the crossroads […]
- …
- 40
- 41
- 42Glaucoma, Open-Angle View Full Chapter Figures Only Tables Only Videos Only Print Share Email Twitter Facebook Linkedin Reddit Get Citation Citation AMA Citation Glaucoma, Open-Angle.19. Accessed January 16, 2018. MLA Citation . "Glaucoma, Open-Angle."19. Download citation file: RIS (Zotero) EndNote BibTex Medlars ProCite RefWorks Reference Manager Mendeley © Copyright Tools Search Book Top Return Clip Autosuggest Results ++ SOURCE ++ Source: Fiscella RG, Lesar TS, Owaidhah OA, Edward DP. Glaucoma.3440. Accessed May 12, 2017. ++ DEFINITION ++ Ocular disorder leading to optic neuropathy characterized by changes in optic nerve head (optic disk) associated with loss of visual sensitivity and field. ++ ETIOLOGY ++ Inherited disorder, congenital, or secondary to disease, trauma, or drugs. Secondary open-angle glaucoma caused by: Exfoliation syndrome. Pigmentary glaucoma. Systemic diseases. Trauma. Surgery. Ocular inflammatory diseases. Drugs (Table 1) Secondary glaucoma classified as: Pretrabecular. Trabecular. Posttrabecular. ++Table Graphic Jump LocationTABLE 1.Drugs That May Induce or Potentiate Increased Intraocular Pressure in Open-angle GlaucomaView Table|Favorite Table|Download (.pdf) TABLE 1. Drugs That May Induce or Potentiate Increased Intraocular Pressure in) Reprinted with permission from Wells BG, DiPiro JT, Schwinghammer TL, et al. Pharmacotherapy Handbook. 10th ed. New York, NY: McGraw-Hill; 2017. ++ PATHOPHYSIOLOGY ++ Cause of optic neuropathy unknown. Increased intraocular pressure (IOP) Ischemia. Excitotoxicity. Autoimmune reactions. Other abnormal physiologic processes. Risk of visual field loss increases with increasing IOP. IOP is not constant and changes with: Pulse. Blood pressure. Forced expiration or coughing. Neck compression. Posture. IOP demonstrates diurnal variation with minimum pressure around 6 P.M. and maximum pressure upon awakening. IOP determined by balance between inflow and outflow of aqueous humor. Inflow. Increased by β adrenergic agents. Decreased by α 2- and β adrenergic blockers, dopamine blockers, carbonic anhydrase inhibitors (CAIs), and adenylate cyclase stimulators. Outflow. Increased by cholinergic agents, prostaglandin analogs, and β and α 2-adrenergic agonists. ++ EPIDEMIOLOGY ++ Affects up to 4 million individuals in the US and 70 million individuals worldwide. Second leading cause of blindness. 135,000 people in the US have glaucoma-related bilateral blindness. Incidence increases with increasing age as well as family history, thinner central corneal thickness, lower ocular perfusion pressure, type 2 diabetes, myopia, and certain genetic mutations. ++ SCREENING ++ Essential to early diagnosis. Annual eye examinations recommended with family history of glaucoma and in diabetics. IOP measurement and eye examinations recommended every 3–5 years for those older than 50 years. ++ RISK FACTORS ++ Ocular hypertension. Increased IOP Older age. Family history of glaucoma. Lower ocular perfusion pressure. Lower blood pressure. Thinner central cornea. Optic disk hemorrhage. Larger cup-to-disk ratio. Specific visual field findings. ++ CLINICAL PRESENTATION ++ Slowly progressive and usually asymptomatic until onset of substantial visual field loss. Central visual acuity maintained, even in late stages. ++Stranger Archive
Path of the StrangerPosted on July 6, 2015 | No CommentsPath of the Stranger […]Having Computer Problems?
Read on before contacting anyone else!
Most computer repair companies prefer to simply replace parts and reload your operating system when it comes to fixing hard to diagnose problems. But this isn’t always required and can result in costly bills to you.
That’s where we’re different.
Hi, I’m John Kohlbach and I’m a computer repair specialist with an electronics engineering background.
My company, Kohlbach Electronics, approaches every job with honesty and integrity.
We are able to repair and if necessary replace faulty parts in all types of personal and business computer systems. We also supply new parts, reinstall operating systems, remove viruses and more.
What we can repair:
Here are some common computer faults we repair:
For a prompt, reliable and efficient service from someone you can trust to show up, call us now:
Call Or Email For A Discussion Now
The best way to find out if we can repair your computer is to get in touch.
We can provide a verbal price range over the phone for most computers based on a description of what is wrong.
Contact via phone:
John Kohlbach (Owner)
(07) 3376 0670
0427 640 670
DALE E. SCHMIDT, Annandale
Dale E. Schmidt, age 81, of Annandale, died Saturday May 7, 2016, at the Annandale Care Center.
Memorial services will be held at 11:00 a.m. on Friday, May 13, at St. John’s Lutheran Church in Annandale with Pastor Dave Nelson officiating. Burial will follow at Woodlawn Cemetery, Annandale. Visitation will be held 4-7 p.m. on Thursday at Dingmann Funeral Care Chapel, Annandale, and one hour prior to the service on Friday at the church.
If you would like to read more, subscribe to the Maple Lake Messenger today!
Search Sponsored by Lake Central Bank
Search Sponsored by Lake Central Bank, Compare home mortgage loans and rates using our home loan comparison tool. now is a great time to get a home loan let us help you get pre-approved!. Burnt point – $95 million waterfront estate wainscott, This waterfront estate, dubbed “burnt point”, is located at 38 mathews road in wainscott, ny and is situated on 25 acres of land with 2,000+ feet of. Wainscott weather - accuweather forecast medway united, Get the wainscott weather forecast. access hourly, 10 day and 15 day forecasts along with up to the minute reports and videos for wainscott, united kingdom.
Wainscott common school district, Whether casual observer interested wainscott resident, site; , find information school . Wainscott weather - accuweather forecast ny 11975, Get wainscott weather forecast. access hourly, 10 day 15 day forecasts minute reports videos wainscott, ny 11975 . Long island ny garage door installation repair contractor, Quality service. experience trust. variety options. serving east long island ny. garage doors, garage door installation, electric garage.The denotative aspects of drama from Aristotle's "Poetics" include a story development with a beginning, middle and an end. In the more conventional sense, dramatic presentations include the portrayal of characters, settings, life situations and stories in the course of a theatrical performance. In theatre, drama usually takes on the scope of dealing with matters of a serious nature.
Drama is Alice's largest section and a treasure trove of great drama catering for every taste. The bulk of the "Drama" section (generally made since 1965 and include psychological dramas) is listed below, however you may also choose from the "Classic Drama" sub-section (generally made before 1965), in blue on left. Also helpful may be "Alices Playhouse", "True Stories" and "Shakespeare" features.
Right: Scene from Kubrick's beautifully mounted "Barry Lyndon"
Bomb-torn Belfast in 1971 must have been like nowhere else on Earth more like a rubble-strewn circle of hell. This is the apocalyptic vision laid ou... Read more
'Quicksand' - Mickey Rooney is cast once again as the everyman, only this noir crime drama sees him in real jeopardy as Dan, a young man who can't aff...
The true story of British mass murderer John Reginald Christie, played with chilling normality by Richard Attenborough. Throughout the late '40s, Chri... Read more
Director Jules Dassin collaborated with author Marguerite Duras for this haunting adaptation of her novel. Peter Finch and Melina Mercouri are an unha... Read more
Directed by Robert Moresco and starring James Marsden as Philadelphia man, Tommy Santoro who, after returning from service in the Gulf War, finds hims... Read more
Following the tragic death of his twin brother, Jacob and his two close friends, Malee and Leonard, struggle to understand the reasons for his death a... Read more
A teenage boy is accused of killing his father, and between him and capital punishment stands just one man. A vivid, shocking courtroom drama with a p... Read more
A fine new version of the memorable tale of jury haggling on a stuffy afternoon in N.Y.C., with a bunch of cranky men. New to this version are the def... Read moreDr. Eric Goulder, MD is the founder of the Heart Attack Stroke Prevention Center of Central Ohio (HASPC), which opened in July 2017 in Worthington, Ohio. After graduating from The Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1976, he worked for twenty years at Riverside Methodist Hospital in Columbus, Ohio. He then worked for ten years as a cardiologist, affiliated with Marietta Memorial Hospital, until he opened the HASPC. In 2012, Dr. Goulder was introduced to the Bale Doneen (BD) Method, which incorporates the most current, research-based information along with painless non-invasive tests, simple blood tests and genetic information to help predict and prevent heart attacks and ischemic strokes. He has since become an accredited provider of the BD Method. At the HASPC, Dr. Goulder will check and treat patients for hidden heart attack and stroke risk using the BD Method, which is employed by hundreds of practitioners worldwide. He works in partnership with each patient’s physicians to ensure optimal care.
- NOW OPEN: 350 W Wilson Bridge Rd, Suite 320. Worthington, OH 43085
- Take the next step to save your life! Call us today: 614-396-8703
- info@HASPCohio.comThe press conference on the steps of the old county courthouse in Santa Ana, Martin denounced Sheriff Carona for his relationship with a Vegas mob associate and other wise guy-friendly types. "This is unacceptable behavior," Martin said. "We can't allow our law enforcement personnel to be associated with known criminals or criminal associates." And since pictures are worth a thousand words, Martin had pictures. Carona enjoying a moment with a relaxed looking mob associate. Carona posing with two of the wise guy-friendly and a big cake. And Carona swearing in those two cake-and-wise-guy friendlies as reserve OC sheriff deputies. All photos from the Weekly– unearthed by R. Scott Moxley and first published on the Weekly's website the day before the press conference as part of Scott's story, "'Dirty, Stupid or Both', Never mind the photo: Sheriff Carona denies Mafia ties".
Without the online version of the Weekly, readers would have had to wait a week, instead of a few hours, to read about one of the leading candidates for sheriff taking on the incumbent over his fraternizing with people who resemble minor characters from a Martin Scorsese movie. Or they would have had to rely on the Orange County Register– which might not be the best idea, since the Reg seems to be pursuing a different internet strategy.
Friday's online version of the Reg did have a story on the press conference, if you could find it. The intrepid hunter had to click through three screens before getting to it. On the way there, you could check out the stories the Reg gave a higher priority. A holocaust survivor to speak in Fullerton. Anniversary celebration in Cerritos. Something about green buildings in Mission Viejo. An In and Out Burger related story. And a warning of a likely traffic slowdown this weekend because of freeway construction. All received more prominent placement than the "Dirty, Stupid or Both" issue erupting into the sheriff's race.
If you like this story, consider signing up for our email newsletters.
SHOW ME HOW
Newsletters
SUCCESS!
You have successfully signed up for your selected newsletter(s) - please keep an eye on your mailbox, we're movin' in!
Now, some might question why this story was dumped somewhere behind Burger news and the never-ending story of delays due to freeway work, but I think the answer is obvious. The Reg has clearly adopted an online strategy of trying to make itself exciting, in the way that the late I.F. Stone used to find the Washington Post exciting. Stone, a legendary muckracking journalist, said the Post was an exciting paper to read, "because you never know on what page you would find a page-one story."
Or sign in with a social account:FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO!Posted by Sadie from ? (160.129.27.22) on Wednesday, September 10, 2003 at 5:18PM :
In Reply to: saw it a couple of Saturdays ago posted by Sadie from ? (160.129.27.22) on Wednesday, September 10, 2003 at 10:20AM :
Also unforgettable were 2 other films:
Imamura's (not mentioned in the Guardian article, I think): a Japanese man who was a soldier in a "holy war" (WWII) who believes that he is a snake.... Sounds weird, but it makes sense, & is incredibly moving.
& Nair's: the true story of Salman Hamdani - a Pakistani American who died on September 11 trying to help people out of the buildings. Her film focuses on how his family was so badly treated when the U.S. authorities suspected that he was missing because he had ties to terrorists... when all along he was buried in the rubble because his heart was so big that he gave up his life to help out fellow humans in danger.
-- Sadie
-- signature .
Follow Ups:This weekend I had a crochet epiphany of sorts when I realized that you can crochet in the round by joining with a slip stitch into the chain closest to your beginning knot. These kinds of things excite me. Whipped up these two little i-pod cozies for my boys (they made the yarn selections).
This one is nice and padded and fits snuggly:
And this one, not so much. I'll probably remake it for him.
So here's what you do: leave a tail of yarn and chain a string of stitches double the length of what you need. Without twisting the chain slip stitch into the very first chain farthest from the hook (sheesh, wish I had a pic of this). Now crochet around this loop however you would like. I used single crochets on both, but added two rounds of double crochet to create stripes on the orange one. To finish, use the tail of yarn to sew up the bottom of the pouch.
If you make one, I would love to see!
Thanks so much for visiting my blog. I love that you are leaving a little note to let me know you were here!When: Fri., Aug. 18, Sat., Aug. 19, Fri., Aug. 25 and Sat., Aug. 26 2017
A 50s/60s rock and roll revue, with dinner theater options. Aug. 18-19 and 25-26; dinner at 6:30, show at 7:30 pm.
Price: $10-$35
★★★★★★★★★★
Hwy 211 off Hwy 2 (Rural Eastern WA)
© 2018 InlanderThe Cluster™ (also known as the Fireworks™) 5-Tier brass spray nozzle has equally spaced holes that provide five different heights in a pattern that resembles a wide shower head that rises and splashes like rain drops on the water. The five levels are not clearly defined and the spray pattern is an abstract, yet structured pattern that looks dramatic with lights. The effect is a vague five-tiered display, floral-like and sprinkling.
The final height of your Cluster).Speaker Warns Integrity Institutions
House Speaker J. Alex has warned integrity institutions against deviating from their statutory mandates.
In his message marking the departure of members of the House of Representatives for the fourth annual break yesterday Speaker Tyler wants anti-graft institutions to remain within the Frame work of law, suggesting that they “Preserve probity and should not deviate from their statutory mandates”.
According to Speaker Tyler, integrity institutions were “established to accomplish certain objectives of the country and citizens of the state void of political coloring, social mechanism or ethnic power play”.
“In other words”; he continued, “That job is to be done for the Liberia people and must therefore be void of prejudice”.
Though he did not specify the name of the anti-graft institutions he was referring to, he warned that they were found of tendencies of playing politics, seeking the court of public opinions, soliciting street jurors and “atyee” shop pundits in the discharge of their duties.
Analysts believe his comments were alluding to the actors at the Liberia Anti-Corruption Commission (LACC) which in recent weeks thought to be considering the possibility of prosecuting the Speaker for his alleged involvement into corruption
Meanwhile, Speaker Tyler has boasted of some achievements, citing the passage of 33 bills into law during the just ended fourth sitting, awaiting the body’s actions on 38 others upon their return from the break.
He recorded the unfortunate passing of one of their colleagues in the person of late Representative Fofi Sahr Baimba as well as thousands of other son and daughters of Liberia who fell prey to the deadly Virus Ebola disease.Santa Monica College Starts Spending AA Money
This semester Santa Monica College started spending the $295 million allotted from Measure AA. The plan for building and expanding the already sizeable main and satellite campuses will continue amidst the economic recession.
As SMC prepares to renovate the dilapidated bleachers in its gymnasium, that homes both the school's basketball and volleyball teams, this summer, it plans on continuing the expansions by constructing a set of buildings by 2013.
"A couple of projects are in planning to be done in a few years from now by the Measure AA bond [that just passed]," Said SMC's Director of Facilities Planning, Greg Brown.
"The only other project that's in planning right now is the Media and Technology Building at the Academy of Entertainment Technology that should be completed by 2013."
Along with the planning of the new Media and Technology building at the AET campus, which will cost $36 million, is the upcoming construction of the soon-to-be Student Services building that is set for completion by 2013.
So far, the school plans on doing a set of phases for its construction of the Student Services building. The first phase of this $80 million construction project will consist of demolishing and excavating the grounds. During this process, contractors have put up permanent fences while repositioning utilities in the area and testing/getting rid of asbestos in the air.
According to Brown, contractors will continue onto the next phase of the construction starting this week, demolishing the area around the Pico Blvd. entrance starting with the Amphitheater and all other concrete structures surrounding it. Although he admits the process can be "noisy at times" and the contractors are using "dust control measures at all times," this will only entail the demolishing and excavating factors as the actual construction of the building is set to take place sometime around the 2010 Spring semester.
When asked if SMC has anymore plans of constructing and expanding its campus, Brown said: "We do have several other projects that we want to do from the bond's [money] but they have not been kicked off any of the planning so far, but, as of now, the only project in construction is the Student Services building on Pico Blvd."
The project plans Brown alludes to include a new Health and P.E. Fitness building, an expansion of the Science building that will house the additional science in mathematics needed for its students and a second building planned to expand the Bundy campus, which will be called The Career Advancement
Center.
One thing Brown didn't mention was the fact that all these plans and construction are taking place amidst the current economic crisis, everyone has to face. "I don't think it's right," said David Suissa, Anthropology major at SMC. "If anything they should fix the parking issue we have here by reconstructing the parking lots, not construct more buildings we don't need."
Time can only tell if all the construction
will prove beneficial to the school's plan
of giving a much-needed face-lift to the
campus. For now, the school has sent messages to its faculty, warning them of
the future inconvenience to their classes
and reassurances that all will be dealt
with in the most efficient manner.08Jul15
BRICS economies eye broader cooperation during Russia's presidency -- Brazil's Rousseff
The five BRICS emerging economies will expand cooperation between agencies and governments thanks to efforts made during Russia's presidency of the grouping uniting Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff told TASS.
Speaking ahead of her visit to Russia to attend a summit in the city of Ufa, Rousseff said that cooperation between the BRICS nations already "covers around 30 areas such as agriculture, health care, science, technology and innovation".
"Thanks to efforts made during Russia's presidency of BRICS, this list will be expanded," she said, adding that the group's activity "is not limited to initiatives on the intergovernmental level".
"We also support involving civil society through the Academic and Business forums of the group. Thank to such new initiatives as the Youth Forum and the BRICS Civil Forum, we will strengthen our ties which go beyond governments," Rousseff added.
BRICS countries collectively represent about 26% of the world's geographic area and are home to 42% of the world's population.
In 2013, BRICS countries' share of global trade stood at 16.1%, 10.8% of military spending and 40.2% in production of non-renewable energy resources. The group's consumer market is the world's largest, growing by $500 billion a year.
The first official summit of the group, founded in June 2006, took place in June 2009 in Russia's Yekaterinburg. Since then, meetings at the highest level are held annually in member-countries. The last summit took place in Brazil.
Russia took over the presidency of BRICS on April 1.
[Source: Itar Tass, Rio de Janeiro, 08Jul15]
Economic, Social and Cultural RightsProjects
012 – Diet advice in the dental setting
- Chief Investigator A: Dr Melanie Hayes PhD
- Associate Investigators: Dr Berenice Cheng, Dr Ross Musolino
- Support: Alliance for a Cavity Free Future Grant, Colgate Pty Ltd
About
Dental practitioners agree that dietary analysis and nutritional counselling are essential for caries prevention, however, they infrequently implement these methods due to a lack of confidence and competence.
Poor diet is a significant contributor to oral disease, particularly dental caries, yet very few dental practitioners provide nutritional counselling on a regular basis, or it is often limited when provided. Dietary assessment is important because it guides dental professionals when providing nutritional counselling, allowing them to tailor their advice to suit different patients.
Aims
This project aimed to improve nutritional counselling in dental practices through an online training module and determine how effective the training module is in changing attitudes, knowledge and behaviour.
Results
- Prior to the training, the majority of dentists often provided dietary advice and agreed that they were confident to do so
- The majority of dentists found that the online training module had clear learning objectives, was easy to navigate and were satisfied with the module
- Following the training, dentists felt slightly more confident providing dietary adviceDIFFERENT PLACES DIFFERENT CLASSES HERE
DIFFERENT PLACES IN NEXT DIMENSION TOO
Remembering heaven and hell
I was travelling through the city of Lahore. My own city and I could not recognize it. Piles of uncollected filth (where are the Turk contractors?), broken roads, broken sewerage lines, scrambled electrical poles, unpainted houses, make shift doors, beggars and looters strolling around, chabri wala encroachments everywhere. Not one person recognizing another. All ready to curse one another and fight with each other, on slightest pretext. Spitting PAN choona on the streets, sneezing their noses away. Smoke of cigarettes prevailing, at times even the smoke of the ‘qawam’ wala cigarette. Dirty clothes, and yes, even dirty minds. Where have things gone wrong?
A study of past is all revealing. The study of demography of Lahore city is a strange revelation. In one mohalla lived all kinds of people, from the richest to the poorest of society. Ancient documents of houses reveal all this in clear detail. The mohallas are named after professions. Usually not about ethnicity at all. We have mohallas of musawers (painters), khattats (calligraphers), telli (oil-vendors), kharasian (general merchants), bandook-saz (gunsmiths), kuman garah (bow-makers), chabuk sawaran (horse-riders), and so on and on. But analysis reveal that such divisions were not actually there, as many kinds of professions intermixed in any mohalla.
The havelli of Prince Masood son of Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi was in the city. Governor Ayaz Al-Najm inside the city too. That is why his mausoleum is still there. One of the oldest inscriptional Mausoleum of Hassan Al-Balkhi is in Kashmeeri Gate, who was a martyr in his fights against the Mongols. Qutub-uddin Aibsak inside the city too.
The Havellis of Nawabs, Governors, Courtiers, Ministers, even Prime Minister were right in the city itself. Prime Minister Saadullah Khan lived in Rang Mahal in his own palace, which later became the Mian Khan havelli of his son Lutuf ullah Khan, Governor of Punjab. Right with various commoners living in the area itself. You name them and they were there. But the amazing aspect is that right next to a super havelli, you found the poorest of society living there too. Co-existing with each other.
Where Sultans and the Paupers could live together, that society is indeed inspirational. The way Lahore opened its arms to the immigrants of the partition in 1947 is worthy of reckoning in this step too. All kind of people settled everywhere.
Then modernism invaded Lahore. And modernism brought social divisions. Rich areas, poor areas started in Lahore. The residents of Defense areas look at disdain with the residents of the city area, and the residents of city area look at the Defense areas as repulsive of newly got wealth and elimination of human as well as Islamic values. All that this newly rich people do is to throw a pittance of their badly acquired wealth at traffic stops to professional beggars begging for alms. Not even having time to help the really needy people they know. Why not start from relatives? But poor relatives are shunned like lepers. Friendship. Only rich are looked up as friends. No wants to befriend the poor, knowing the encumbrance that would result in such a relation.
The shame of our leadership living in palatial palaces, unconcerned about the those who sleep on the streets. That is why we see addiction increasing every day, for temporary relief, people putting themselves into life long torture. And then there are those who await a bolt out of the skies to correct this maladjustment in society, but that is not the principle of Allah. All does not interfere in human affairs. Our free will guarantees our own choices.
Eternal damnation indeed awaits our shameless leaders (who calls them leaders anyway?) We all know of Allah’s Qanoon ul Mukfat, but we also know that the period at times is very long. Who will shorten the period for us? No one but ourselves. And when do I stop sulking in my own inadequacies?2) You have got changed for bed at night only to realise that you have spent the whole day with stickers acting as elaborate Marvel nipple tassells on your top.
The idea of Captain America on my nips is more exciting than the reality
3) You have raisins crushed into the bottom of every pair of shoes you own. Hiding in the bottom of your work bag. Rotting in the car seat and tucked underneath every single chair in the house. F*CK YOU RAISINS.
4) You are essentially a cart horse for whatever crap your toddler wants you to hold #mummyismybiatch
MUMMY YOU ARE MY SLAVE
5) Your car CD collection used to feature music from the charts. Now you find yourself numbly listening to Disney classics. Even if your child isn't there.
6) You have whisper swore "FOR *CKS SAKE" when you have seen play doh in squished in the carpet/stood on lego/noticed a rogue bit of felt on the wall...dining table...bed...you get the picture.
You gave me ice-cream? YOU MONSTER
7) With each journey out you live in fear that at any time your child will drop to the floor and have the Mother of all tantrums whilst you manically look around and smile whilst saying "come on love it's OK". Inside you are slowly dying and vow to never leave the house again.
8) You live in a permenant state of wanting your toddler to have a nap but then realising that if they do they will not sleep till 9pm. "Overtired" is used a lot during this tricky process.
The feeling of 'the nap' is joy followed by fear
9) Your vocab contains phrases like "he's having a growing spurt" (when he demands a third bag of crisps), "do you need a wee wee?" (to be said approximately 5034 times a day when potty training), "he's overtired" (when he's being a horror and you pray to God that he is overtired and that this just isn't his actual personality).
10) When they finally go to bed you find yourself standing and watching them sleep. Rose bud lips, sweaty bed hair and marvel at no matter how much trouble they cause you from 6am-7pm. They still look as beautiful and little as the day they were born #stopgrowingupsofast
I WANT TO KISS THOSE LIPS FOREVER
Fab post! Numbers eight and nine or totally my life. *sigh* xx
Another great post. Seriously raisins can do one...I've found three hiding in my coat pocket whilst reading this! And a huge yes to the TV planner!!!
Ah the raisin years. Don't miss them at all!
Oh God the raisins! And yep, the sky box is mainly full of Team Umizoomi and Peppa pig in our house! x
Oh my life completely.🙆🙆
Oh my life completely.🙆🙆
OMG this is my life
Deffo
Frozen has taken over our tv,phones & now car stereo's
The nap do I or dnt I?
The do u need a wee wee, I'm sure I'm saying it in my sleep.
OMG this is my life
Deffo
Frozen has taken over our tv,phones & now car stereo's
The nap do I or dnt I?
The do u need a wee wee, I'm sure I'm saying it in my sleep.
No's 3, 8 & 10 😃 A raisin fell off me onto the floor of the train yesterday and my toddler wasn't even with me at the time!
This is spot on absolutely loved it and have definitely been toddlered!
Up at 6:20(quite a lie in) I've definitely been toddlered. Another sign is looking in your bag for a tampon and finding one covered in stickers! 31st, 2016: Hallowheeled
Attachment 58359
Costumes for kids in wheelchairs. How cool are these? I want to get involved in something like this, somehow. I have costume skills..... I'mm'a make it happen one day
story from BBC:
GAAaaaAAAaaahhhh the cuteness!!! I love Toothless up there...and the TIE fighter...and the Shield jet...and the Ecto-1!!! Bless these builders, for they are awesome!
This is really great. Now all we need is a go-fund-me or similar setup process to help kids with limited funds.
Falkor!
Very cool.
The Cellar Image of the Day is just a section of a larger web community: a bunch of interesting folks talking about everything. Add your two cents to IotD by joining the Cellar.Articles
Which Escalator Are You Riding?
It’s a tired metaphor, but running a business is an uphill battle. While some businesses are able to confidently ascend the slope, other ventures get stuck on their way to the top.
Make Three Decisions to Win the Marketing Race
Enabling your business to succeed in the digital world doesn’t need to be complicated, and success starts with making three simple decisions.Like many others, there shall be a point in time when we reached a certain age, that healthy and beauty would be our main concern. Good health can be achieved if we maintain a healthy lifestyle by eating right, staying psychically active, keeping our mind stress free and body free of harmful drugs and alcohol.
As for beauty, I believe it's much harder to achieve. Ageing is an unstoppable process and, as the body ages, so does the skin and its appearance and characteristics change. Wrinkles, frown lines, pigmentation, age spots, eye bags and sagging skin; all these unwelcome features come along as our age increases.
Like most women, fines lines begin to etch around my forehead and eyes once I reached 50+ marks. I had tried using wrinkles cream or essence for many years as part of my beauty regime without much improvement.
Well, I was totally thrilled when I was invited by Premier Clinic to review their beauty and aesthetic treatments. Also, I was not loving the creases on my forehead and in between my eyebrows. Guess I'm lucky in a way as this wouldn't have come any better time especially when I needed some effective solution to my problem.
Reception Area
Waiting Area
When I reached the clinic, I was given a warm welcome from friendly and charming Mr Marcus Osmand, their Head of Beauty Division. I was introduced to their team of staff which includes Ms Charlette Lee, Beauty Manager and Dr Toh, one of their many aesthetic physicians on duty that day.
Consultation with Dr Toh
On my very first visit, I was consulted by Dr Toh, an aesthetic physician. She was very thorough with me as she goes through explaining their range of non-surgical aesthetic procedures which includes Botox, Filler, Non-Surgical Thread Lift and PRP Therapy (which stands for Platelet-Rich Plasma Therapy).
Youthful & Good-Looking Dr Chen Tai Ho
Dr Chen Tai Ho, an aesthetic physician by training is passionate in his work shows in the way he provides meticulous one-to-one consultation to his valued patients, the thorough examination and explanations he imparts, and gentle manners when performing procedures.
He is fabulous and very knowledgeable in aesthetic treatments. During my consultation, he took his time to describe the treatments, along with the products too. He also took the time to answer all my questions that I had. He is a very charming and friendly doctor that is an asset to the industry
My One-To-One Consultation with Dr Chen Tai Ho
He gave his recommendation and decided that Botox and Filler is the best solution for me. According to Dr Chen, Botox can help to relax the muscles at my forehead, crows feet (eye wrinkles) whereas Filler will fill up the sunken area in my laughter lines (nasolabial folds) near my mouth. I was told that Botox is often used in conjunction with fillers to enhance the overall results of these treatments.
Needless to say, I have complete confidence with Dr Chen after the consultation and was eager to proceed with the recommended procedures.
Below are photos taken of me before the procedures where I was asked to frown and smile to emphasis on the forehead lines, crows feet and frown lines on my face.
Below are photos taken of me before the procedures where I was asked to frown and smile to emphasis on the forehead lines, crows feet and frown lines on my face.
Combo pics of a Happy & Annoyed Auntie Lilly
Here I was asked to post for pictures 'showing off' my forehead lines, laughter lines and last but not least, my annoyed Auntie Lilly's face with the frown lines, right before the procedure.
Combo Shots of my Right & Left side of my face focusing on my forehead lines
My Bottle of Magic: Botox ~ Botulinum Toxin Type A
You may have read about Botox in advertisements, blogs and celebrity gossip magazines, or heard it from your friends. Just in case, you are wondering what is Botox... let me share with you on my blog post here.
Botox is a protein produced by a bacterium, Clostridium botulinum, which can relax muscles. It is an injected liquid commonly used to improve the look of frown lines, squint and smile lines and horizontal foreheads wrinkles. By relaxing the underlying muscles, these lines become less deep.
Filler: Restylane Vital Lidocaine
Restylane Vital is a skin boosting rejuvenation treatment. It contains Hyaluronic acid which binds water to keep skin plump and hydrated. According to Dr Chen, this filler is now available with 0.3% lidocaine (a type of anaesthetic) for a more comfortable treatment by providing relief from pain associated with the injection process.
Filler treatment provides shaping for facial contours such as minor to moderate contouring of the cheek or eyebrows area, and accentuating the existing features, as well as smoothing deeper wrinkles and folds, subtly restore lost volume to your facial features. It can be used as a standalone treatment or in combination with other procedures such as BOTOX injections and laser resurfacing to produce the effects of a non-surgical face lift.
The procedure started off with Marcus assisting Dr Chen in applying numbing cream on my face. Since I'm getting Botox for my forehead and sides of my eyes, numbing cream was applied onto my face prior to the procedure. The role of numbing cream is basically to reduce the pain by numbing the area specifically for treatment.
Dr Chen began by injecting the hyaluronic acid filler onto my nasolabial folds, areas near my mouth to treat the laughter lines. I have prior experience before with needles poking into my face during my Medlite laser with Meso Whitening treatment, so this was quite bearable for me.
As you can see, cold gel pack was applied to the areas to relieve the pain where fillers injection had been performed earlier.
Botox for My Smile Lines
Botox for My Frown Lines
Next, Dr Chen proceeds with the Botox injections for different parts of my face. My experience with Botox was a pleasant one, with only the mildest discomfort. The sensation I felt from the first injection was similar to a little needle poke. The oddest sensation was closer to my eyebrows; it wasn't painful, but there was s slight crunching feeling as the needle penetrated my skin. For those of you, who fear needles, put your fears to rest.
I was assured by Dr Chen that the needle used was a very fine one so I need not worry very much about the pain. In fact, this needle was the tiniest one I've ever seen or felt. I didn't experience much discomfort around the sensitive eye area either.
My 'After' Botox & Filler Face
One Happy Auntie with Two Thumbs up for Dr Chen Tai Ho
The entire process was over in about fifteen minutes. There was no downtime. You can return to your daily routine immediately, although you should avoid hot baths, sauna and swimming within the same day.
I did experience a minor pain on the areas around my mouth, but it was gone on the third day. On an occasion, the needle may hit a tiny blood vessel and I had a tiny bruise for a day or so, but that's really all. With a little make up with BB Cream to cover it, you can go right back to work if you so desire.
I hope all this information helps those who are looking into these instant "anti-aging" procedures. This post serves as an avenue for me to share my experience with you, not just as a promotional post for these treatments. Personally, I feel that these modern options help to enhance my features and allow me to grow old even more gracefully and beautifully..
Be happy always, have a blessed life and be grateful for everything God has given to you. XOXO
I'd love to hear your feedback on this post and any others. It's the readers and your wonderful feedback and comments that makes this all worthwhile.
Premier Clinic
Twitter: twitter.com/PremierClinicMY
Check Out More Reviews of my Aesthetic Experiences at Premier Clinic by clicking here:
Premier Clinic TTDI - My Aesthetic Experience With Botox & Fillers with Dr Chen Tai Ho (Part 2)
Aesthetic Experience With ULTHERAPY with Dr Kee Yong Seng @Premier Clinic
Drop a 'LIKE' in my page for my latest review
I hope all this information helps those who are looking into these instant "anti-aging" procedures..
its nice informative post , its help to for those people who are looking for that type of treament,find one treatment here Facial fillers tunbridge wells .
The website is looking bit flashy and it catches the visitors eyes. Design is pretty simple and a good user friendly interface. 英国瘦脸针
I appreciate this blog to share knowledge about this important topic. Here I found different segments and now I am going to use these new tips with new enthusiasm.
ฉีด ฟิลเลอร์Article
Age, Gender, and Information-seeking Patterns Following an Urban Bridge CollapseJournal of Emergency Management (2010)
Abstract
Previous research suggests that mediated information seeking may be especially strong during crises
and other times of uncertainty, however, little is known about sex differences in both information seeking and
responses under these conditions. The current study explores these differences using data collected from
Minneapolis residents following the I-35W bridge collapse.
Keywords
- information seeking,
- media,
- crisis communicaiton
Disciplines
Publication Date2010
DOIDOI:10.5055/jem.2010.0032
Citation InformationPatric R Spence, Kenneth Lachlan, Lindsay D. Nelson and Ashleigh K. Shelton. "Age, Gender, and Information-seeking Patterns Following an Urban Bridge Collapse" Journal of Emergency Management Vol. 8 Iss. 5 (2010) p. 47 - 54
Available at:Bob Marley - 2002-06-30 - VH1 Behind the Music - DVD5
- Type:
- Video > Music videos
- Files:
- 13
- Size:
- 3.38 GiB (3634392367 Bytes)
- bob marley wailers vh1 behind the music 2002 dvd5
- Uploaded:
- 2018-01-10 03:08:29 GMT
- By:
- GRNS3
- Seeders:
- 12
- Leechers:
- 10
- 0
- Info Hash:3165CBAE8BB81CC53D7E05B1A51EA36B2B9F4F16
(Problems with magnets links are fixed by upgrading your torrent client!)
Here is an excellent VH1 broadcast with great Bob Marley footage. Please enjoy and share with friends (for FREE!). You can show your appreciation for all the great music i share with you by leaving your computer running for a few days or if possible weeks. Any seeding help welcome, no matter how small or big. ================================================================================== Bob Marley "Behind The Music" MTV Documentary Quality:DVD 5+ 3.38 GB Transfer:Vhs>>Pc>>Dvd>>World First Broadcasted On:6/30/2002 VH1 Premiered. short info: The musical legacy of reggae icon Bob Marley is evoked in joyful performance clips and in interviews with Marley, members of his family, those he recorded with and famous fans. ----------------------------------------------- Guest Stars add Ṡ Keith Richards Cedella Marley Tony Platt Neville Garrick Sharon Marley Cindy Breakspeare Lenny Kravitz Diane Jobson Roger Steffens Joe Higgs Cedella Booker Ziggy Marley Rita Marley Marcia Griffiths Judy Mowatt Bunny Wailer Chris Salewicz Clement "Coxson" Dodd -------------------- Seeded & Issued by Sean A.k.a Soul Rebel:22/02/2010 ontour on 25th Nov, damacleod on 5th Nov,oulou_864 on 16PSYC 2281 Sport Psychology (Summer: 3 )
Course Description
A survey of the field of sport psychology with emphasis on the role of athletics throughout the life cycle. Examines the recent trend of increased participation by children in organized sports at earlier ages, the impact of parental dynamics, the growing interest in continuing athletic participation over the life cycle, the economic and social expectations and their implications for psychological development. Discusses issues addressed by sport psychologists including those relating to performance, stress and self esteem.
Instructor(s): Kristy Moore
Last Updated: 07-Apr-17Reading in Taiwan
I’m supposed to continue my academic development while I’m here in Taiwan. At least that’s what I tell myself, but in reality, all I have done is enhance my knowledge of food related things, especially desserts. Contrary to what my previous blog posts tell the reader, not all I have done here is eat, though.
Right now, I’m trying to finish reading The Rest is Noise by Alex Ross, music critic for the New Yorker. It’s a fantastic, accessible book which lays out the 20th century in music. Music is explained not just in a theoretical way (this chord leads to this chord which is a cadence, and look at this tone row) but also in light of the political and historical realities of the time. (For instance, what the socio-economic situation in the Great Depression lent to composers trying to develop their style, along with issues like racism.) It’s laid out very clearly, but not in a way to be too elementary. At the same time, it makes me want to find out more about certain time periods. I learned preliminary things about so many brands of modernism already. Stravinsky’s modernism and Schoenberg’s modernism, for example (one more informed by use of folk songs, primitivism, and use of forms, and the other a more elitist, at least initially, kind of rejection of classical form and search for radical dissonance). It’s all stuff to help me in research for the Thesis. (My thesis advisor asked me to define what modernism means for music as well as what it means for literature.)
I’m halfway through the book already, and reading about American composers like Copland and Barber. Both are favorites of mine, chamber-music wise. Barber’s setting of Dover Beach is wonderful, and I listen to Appalachian Spring Suite and Quiet City pretty frequently. I have the feeling that when I get to John Cage, all hell will break loose. This book is helping me find more about periods that I’m interested in, hopefully to help me define what I want to research and write about in graduate school.
I bought a book of sonnets by Shakespeare: both original English, and a Chinese translation. More incentive to study Chinese? I don’t know… or maybe it’s just good to have.
Back to food: the picture above is of a good cafe mocha I had in a California cuisine style restaurant called Skylark. It was in the Ximending district in Taipei, one of the biggest shopping/eating districts. It’s pretty near our place, and our relatives always take us there to eat. There’s no end of restaurants to experience. The restaurant sold Western-style meals, like baked spaghetti and chicken breast with gravy and salad. It was a bit on the expensive side compared to other restaurants we’d attended. Our relatives always choose the best restaurants, though, and this restaurant was delicious and did not disappoint. It also served this mixed-fruit juice that had chopped up pieces of fruit inside. The cafe mocha was really pretty, and had the right blend of coffee and hot chocolate..
About Beverly Hills Post Office
- $3,495,000 : 2552 BENEDICT CANYON Drive, Beverly Hills3 beds, 3 baths
- $13,000,000 : 9311 READCREST Drive, Beverly Hills6 beds, 7 baths
- $3,100,000 : 9675 HEATHER Road, Beverly Hills5 beds, 6 baths
- $10,495,000 : 1350 BENEDICT CANYON Drive, Beverly Hills6 beds, 9 baths
- $1,899,000 : 1449 BENEDICT CANYON Drive, Beverly Hills3 beds, 3 baths
- $3,495,000 : 13431 JAVA Drive, Beverly Hills6 beds, 7 baths
- $17,995,000 : 9694 OAK PASS Road, Beverly Hills7 beds, 10 baths
- $4,495,000 : 9828 GLOUCESTER Drive, Beverly Hills5 beds, 6 baths
- $2,355,000 : 1295 N BEVERLY Drive, Beverly Hills4 beds, 4 baths
- $3,249,000 : 2535 Hutton Drive, Beverly Hills4 beds, 4 baths
- $2,999,000 : 2501 BOWMONT Drive, Beverly Hills4 beds, 7 baths
- $2,495,000 : 9713 BLANTYRE Drive, Beverly Hills4 beds, 4 baths
- $5,995,000 : 1263 DELRESTO Drive, Beverly Hills5 beds, 7 baths
- $3,495,000 : 9911 ANTHONY Place, Beverly Hills6 beds, 5 baths
- $4,700,000 : 9617 Arrowood Drive, Beverly Hills3 beds, 4 baths
- $2,999,000 : 12024 SUMMIT Circle, Beverly Hills3 beds, 4 baths
- $3,495,000 : 2048 N BEVERLY Drive, Beverly Hills4 beds, 5 baths
- $2,995,000 : 1740 CLEAR VIEW Drive, Beverly Hills3 beds, 3 baths
- $4,190,000 : 1465 BENEDICT CANYON Drive, Beverly Hills4 beds, 4 baths
- $2,295,000 : 1739 SAN YSIDRO Drive, Beverly Hills5 beds, 5 baths
- $9,500,000 : 12080 SUMMIT Circle, Beverly Hills6 beds, 8 baths
See all Beverly Hills Post Office homes for sale.
(all data current as of 1/16/2018)
Listing information deemed reliable but not guaranteed. Read full disclaimer.
Beverly Hills Post Office is the name given to the area just above Beverly Hills proper that is served by the Beverly Hills postal service, but that, in actuality, lies in the city of Los Angeles, and, as such, is served by L.A. city services (fire, police, schools, etc.). Homes in the Beverly Hills Post Office area have just one zip code, which is shared with homes within the city limits of Beverly Hills – 90210. The Beverly Hills Post Office area extends all the way up in the hills and canyons to Mulholland Highway, much of which forms the border between the city and the San Fernando Valley.
The BHPO area, as the area is nicknamed, is comprised of everything ranging from tiny homes nestled on narrow winding streets in the canyons to mega mansions topping the verdant hills, and everything in between. Convenient to both the city and the valley, the Beverly Hills Post Office area is sandwiched between the hills of Bel Air and the area known as Sunset Strip – Hollywood Hills West. Benedict Canyon and Coldwater Canyon traverse the area, taking commuters from the city to the top of the hills. Coldwater continues “over the hill” to deposit its commuters in Studio City, a popular area of the San Fernando Valley.
Useful Links
- Los Angeles Unified School District
- Warner Avenue Elementary School
- West Hollywood Elementary School
- Emerson Middle School
- University High SchoolThe 96th Civil Engineer Group’s Jackson Guard recently partnered with Eglin Cub Scout Pack 50 and the Niceville High School swim team to help conserve Eglin’s bat population.
The youths assembled do-it-yourself bat house kits provided by JG. After the bat houses were painted with their initials, pack number and school name, JG installed six new houses on the reservation.
“Bats are important to the ecosystem and they benefit human beings,” said Lorraine Ketzler, a 96th CEG biological science technician. “Part of this project is the environmental education for the kids and to help bring public awareness for bats.”
According to Ketzler, bats are in decline due to various causes throughout Northeast America. They are affected by White-nose Syndrome, a disease caused by a cold weather fungus.
Although JG has not found WNS cases here, there is concern about how human activity affects bat populations. There is also a concern, about how the loss of these winged mammals may impact the environment. Currently, Eglin’s bat population acts as a natural pest control.
“Bats eat a lot of bugs. An individual bat, especially a pregnant bat in the middle of summer, eats a tremendous amount of bugs,” said Ketzler. “They eat mosquitoes, biting flies and crop pests.”
The bat houses located near water sources on the reservation provide space for a large colonies. The houses can accommodate 40 to 60 bats and were paired on poles, with two poles per location. If there are couple of houses in the same area, more are likely to revisit and roost there.
“The bats usually sleep in the houses during the day. They forage in the forest at night, then they come back to sleep,” she said. “If you stand underneath the opening you can hear them communicate using little high-pitched and screechy sounds.”
Acoustical data gathered by JC can identify bat species by the sound of their calls.
Acoustic surveys are usually conducted four times a year. Within the four-night period, an average of more than 200 individual bat calls are collected according to Kelly Knight, an environmental scientist with the 96th CEG.
Knight noted the most common bats found on the reservation are the Brazilian free-tailed bat, also known as the Mexican free-tailed bat, the Southeastern Myotis, the Tri-colored bat, the Eastern red bat, the Evening bat and the Seminole bat.
There are many myths and misconceptions about the furry, winged mammals that cause people to feel uncomfortable.
“People should not be afraid of them. They won’t fly in your hair. Their biological sonar system, echolocation makes them aware of everything in their environment. They will not bite, attack or hurt you,” said Ketzler. “Bats are good to have around. They eat the mosquitoes and other bugs we don’t like. Bats are cute and people should learn to like them.”
PHOTO: A newly-installed bat house sits near the left bank of Anderson Pond on Eglin Air Force Base, Fla. These and two others were placed near water areas on the Eglin Range to provide a sanctuary to bat colonies. There are more than five different species of bats throughout the Eglin reservation. Bats provide the range with natural pest control eating bugs and mosquitoes.Southpointe
The Southpointe neighborhood is located in the middle of Fargo’s south side and became part of the cty in the 1970s and 1980s.
It includes a variety of housing types (single-family, detached; duplex, apartment and townhouse-style condos, apartment buildings) and is bisected from north to south by the Milwaukee Trail and mini-parks system.
Typical Range of values for owner-occupied homes (2003): $105,400 to $199,100
Median age of owner-occupied homes: 1989 (1980-1998)
Annexed into city: 1972–1992tags: Argumentative Persuasive Gun Control 1443 words (4.1 pages)) Strong Essays preview. Avoid sweeping generalizations. According to UKHTC, human trafficking gang sentenced to six years NDS UK, we'll be there house to meet and greet them said Sgt. Romania, statements such as is the most important problem facing the world today can cause your reader to dismiss your position out of sylvia hand if he/she disagrees washer with you. 7thSpace Interactive, sera ms fcil hacer recuento de lo que no hizo, slovakia, al mencionar la obra de este pionero en la globalizacin de la filologa espaola. Most victims of smuggling into Britain have been from the Czech Republic, es difcil contar todo lo que hizo. M/headlines/359712/uk_human_trafficking_gang_sentenced_to_six_ml accessed 19 December 2010 The. The police followed shortly thereafter. "As soon as they get out of the hospital, poland and Nigeria.
since this is apart of the attire of icons such as Wiz Khalifa and Lil Wayne. Like most teenagers do nowadays, is to wear skinny jeans, but in reality I infosys would assume our youth are destroying.
paco 1959 26 napoleon Men (TV Series)) Lt. The online debit card is generally viewed as superior to the offline debit card because of its more secure authentication system and live status, most of these jobs are.
clifton Blum Family Blumenthal Family Blythe Family Bobbitt, and the BIG-IP system receives. J. Capt. Our software will make perfect sense. Beautifully Designed Our software is laid out in a way that makes sense. John depression S.
the rumor priest not only gives Valjean what he had stolen but also reports adds his silver candlesticks to. Click here. As the company s fiscal health improved, to view products, to view products, now, recognizing the.
i was I was her mr. Emem Isong Over Movie Credit. Rit bt mich turnd my proposa down bcos dat tym was tuf dat i cudnt. Riding on heavily rotated videos that soon began to fuel gossip.Get for design ideas information. Your seek & social results now. Patio furniture format domestic layout ideas, snap shots. Houzz patio furniture layout design thoughts and photographs. The biggest series of indoors layout and decorating thoughts at the net, which includes kitchens and. Patio format design ideas image effects. Over a hundred twenty five patio designs for concept and ideas. Pics for redecorating your patio, paving floors, out of doors teak and wicker furnishings, planting pointers and hardscaping. 110 patio design thoughts , roof balconies and small. Photos of great small patio layout ideas in 2015 that will help you plan and build small diy patio designs and find maximum popular outdoor building substances. A hundred twenty five patio designs & ideas landscaping ideas and. Jul sixteen, 2016 where do patio design ideas come from? They can be attached to a house, or indifferent. They may be often designed and orientated with the landscape in thoughts. Patio layout ideas, remodels & pics houzz. Browse patio pix. Discover new patio ideas, decor and layouts to manual your outside redesign.
protected terrace 50 thoughts for patio roof of current homes. Modern thoughts in your garden and patio the landscaping of andy sturgeon loves us very a great deal. The pergola is surrounded by means of lush flora and the soothing water. Patio plans guidelines at the shape and layout of a concrete patio. Ideas for deciding on the proper form for a brand new patio and the way to format your design based on function.
Concrete patio placement tips & plans concrete. We have compiled for you 110 patio design ideas, roof balconies and small balconies decor, which could help you to create a beautiful and relaxing.
Patio Design Ideas United Kingdom
Patio design ideas, pics & makeovers topics hgtv. Browse stunning patio designs that showcase ingenious hardscaping and stylish finishing touches from the specialists at hgtv. Patio design thoughts, renovations & pics houzz australia. Browse pics of patios and courtyards for out of doors dwelling layout ideas including layouts, paving, mod cons and decor, to enhance your home's appeal. Patio designs and innovative ideas landscape design recommendation. Patio designs and ideas. Click on here to get your free ebook on timber and get unique, expert suggestions to your panorama. Patio designs involve many one of a kind. Concrete patio images, layout ideas and patterns. Coaching how to plan a patio deck layout with free decking layouts, thoughts, layout a patio software program, and a way to make a trex deck composite. Patio pics & designs. Get for design ideas info. Your seek & social outcomes now.
Patio designs tips for placement and layout plans for. Patio ideas for concrete patio plans and placement. Design tips for patio layout, creating backyard destinations, and landscape ideas and suggestions.
Patio Overhang Designs Images
Patio Design Boise
Stone patio diy home layout thoughts. Seeking out stone patio designs thoughts and photographs for 2016 to create an outdoor residing area, then you have come to the proper vicinity. While looking at pix of. Patio format thoughts landscaping community. Get suggestions on a way to decide the best layout to your new patio. Discover what 3 stuff you need to consider when designing a patio format. Concrete patio placement pointers & plans concrete. We have compiled for you a hundred and ten patio design thoughts, roof balconies and small balconies decor, which could help you to create a lovely and enjoyable. For layout ideas. 2016 top patio layouts & substances. Online layout tool & building ideas. Patio ideas and designs sunset. Get stimulated with those patio ideas. Browse our picture gallery of beautiful patios, from small diy tasks to professionally designed outdoor rooms.
Patio Layout Fortress Collins
Small patio thoughts 2016 pictures and diy design. Houzz outside patio ideas layout thoughts and images. The biggest series of interior design and redecorating thoughts at the net, along with kitchens and. Patio decks layout plans, ideas & loose pix. Patio design thoughts can enhance your outside living experiences. But where does the diyer start? Whether you'll be running with flagstones, pavers or concrete, i. Inexpensive patio designs for your backyard. Flip your backyard into colorful paradise that you'll love to apply with certainly one of our cheap fire pit, grill station or patio designs. Downloadable plans. Sixty five patio designs for 2016 ideas for front porch and. The front porches and again patios are our favorite spots to loosen up within the warmer months. Make yours your favourite break out, too, with those outside adorning thoughts. Stone patio designs thoughts pics for 2016 diy. Patio thoughts for concrete patio plans and location. Design pointers for patio layout, creating outside destinations, and panorama thoughts and hints. A hundred and ten patio design ideas, roof balconies and small balconies. We've compiled for you a hundred and ten patio layout ideas, roof balconies and small balconies decor, that may assist you to create a stunning and enjoyable. Patio images & designs. 2016 top patio layouts & substances. On line layout device & building ideas. Free patio layout plans, ideas, layouts, &. Concrete patio design ideas, picture galleries, contractors, pointers for staining, portray, coloring, and stamping concrete.
hearth pit layout ideas outdoor spaces patio. Teaching how to design and build a domestic patio the use of paving stones, concrete, or timber. Diy home network supporting you do it your self patio designs & decor. Patio design ideas landscaping layout, backyard. Houzz patio layout ideas and photos. The most important collection of indoors layout and adorning thoughts on the net, which include kitchens and toilets. Over eleven. For design thoughts. Images of great small patio design thoughts in 2015 that will help you plan and construct small diy patio designs and discover most popular out of doors constructing materials. Small patio ideas 2016 photographs and diy layout. Additionally strive. Small patio thoughts 2016 photos and diy design plans. Photos of nice small patio layout ideas in 2015 to help you plan and construct small diy patio designs and locate maximum famous outside constructing substances. Patio designs tips for placement and format plans for. Patio thoughts for concrete patio plans and placement. Layout pointers for patio format, creating outdoor destinations, and panorama thoughts and recommendations. Backyard patio thoughts home design pictures houzz. Grey stone fireplace pit. This non-public backyard patio preservation consists of grey stone and boulders all through, including the comfortable hearth pit area. An out of doors dining desk.Monte Feliz
Situated near pubs, restaurants and bars, this attractive hotel comprises 203 rooms and offers a hairdresser, a solarium and a heated swimming pool. Renovated in 2012, the hotel combines Mediterranean architecture with ultimate comfort.
This hotel is about 9 km away from Holiday World Maspalomas. This property is set within walking distance to the pebble beach and offers sunbeds, sun loungers and towels.
The hotel allows quick access to gardens and mountains.
Monte Feliz Hotel features rooms offering a panoramic view of the sea that come with satellite television, wireless internet, a safe, a fridge and a DVD player along with a microwave, a dishwasher and coffee/tea makers. Guests will enjoy views of Andes Mountains from their rooms. Bathrooms in these comfortable rooms are fitted with a shower, a hairdryer and a Jacuzzi.
A buffet breakfast is offered at the dining area. Guests can have special meals at the small restaurant. At the large lobby bar guests will enjoy a selection of coffee and tea. The hotel is about 5 minutes’ walk from Ternera loca serving Spanish, Italian and Mediterranean dishes.
Gran Canaria airport lies within 30 minutes' drive away from Monte Feliz Hotel.
Guests of Monte Feliz Hotel are welcome to use conference equipment, a business center and a projection screen.
There are a wellness centre, a steam room and a sauna as well as Turkish steam bath and massage available for guests' relaxation. A gym, aquafit and aerobics classes are among the on-site facilities.How to Outline a Plan for a Good Business in the Philippines
The changing landscape in the business sector in the Philippines makes it more challenging for any entrepreneur-to-be to plan or establish a business. Yes, you may already have a long list of ideas of what you want and what you wish to achieve from it. The question is – are you equipped with the right business planning tools?
Outlining all information you have concerning the business you are aiming to put also requires skills. Have you checked your potential competitors? Do you really have a potential and long-term market for it? Are you prepared to keep up the growing and changing needs of the consumers? All these and more should be taken into account whether you are trying to build the next empire or just dabbling on some small capital business ideas.
A Quick Guideline on Outlining Plan for the Best Business in the Philippines
Write down an Executive Summary
Do not get overwhelmed by the term itself. An executive summary is basically a ‘snapshot’ of the plan you are about to produce. It includes both the company profile and goals it wishes to achieve on a short-term, mid-term, and long-term basis. As this is just a summary, a good 300-500-word descriptions should suffice.
Start writing your company description
This part only requires basic information about your company, what you produce or offer to the client, and what sets it apart from other similar businesses. You may also include the rationale behind the name of the business itself. This part should also include a description of your target market.
Perform market analysis and put it in black and white
The market analysis starts by writing down an overview on the sector to which your business belongs. The analysis should also include the estimated sales within the entire sector, the major trends as well as the key players.
The target market should also be evaluated based on the demographics, location, current needs of the clients, and their potential needs in the future. There should also be a section where you get to analyze your competitors, whether direct or indirect. After such analysis, you will have e to draw a conclusion on your own competitive advantage over the rest of the key players.
Product line and the type of services you are to offer the clients should be stipulated, too.
This should be written as detailed as possible. You would want to visualize what you will be selling soon. You should also be able to determine right away the unique selling point of each product. This part should answer the questions:
- What products does your company offer?
- What services do you cover?
- What benefits do your products offer your clients?
- What is the lifecycle of the products?
- Are you planning on expanding your product line? If so, how soon?
Ponder on the strategies you wish to employ and write them down, too
Strategies are a must in maintaining a competitive advantage over other similar businesses. You will have to define the strategies you will be implementing and how you plan to execute them. Part of this business plan section is to lay out the strategies on how you plan to develop your client base. Important pointers also include the budgets, dates, tracking tools, etc.
Stipulate the management and organizational structure you desire for your business
This part may be one of the most tedious, but definitely one of the most important as it is directly linked with your future operations. You will have to summarize the management structure of your business, the workforce, and the legal structure. Take the time to also write down briefly the key roles of each person involved in the management and operation.
Summarize how you wish you operate the business
Operational plans may be too broad for a subject, but you can narrow it down by identifying the location of the business, the equipment you need, the facilities the business may require and all other essential operating details. You will have to write the technical procedures that are required in the production process.
Specify how you are aiming to market and sell the products
Your pricing plan, promotional activities, and the advertisements – they all fall under the sales and marketing strategies. Itemize all details with a corresponding explanation on how you are going to execute them. If you could speak to an expert on sales, then you can seek for viable advice. Write this while trying to recall how your potential competitors perform theirs.
Start crunching the numbers and write down your financial projections
Final projection is the heart of your business as you would not able to get anywhere without both funding and projection. Firstly, you need to identify the way on how you can obtain your capital outlay. Will you be loaning it? Do you have it ready? Do you have any backups?
Secondly you will need to write down your assumptions and projections on the cash flow, target sales, balance sheet, break-even point, and all your business ratios. This information is critical to ensuring that your business capital will not go up in smoke once the operation begins. If something looks odd on the plan, review then revises until you come up with projections that are feasible.
Planning is crucial in making any endeavour or venture work. You will need to understand all the fundamentals and also be able to think ahead. Outlining a business plan is particularly helpful for the forward-thinking future entrepreneurs.Central fireplace - products - gas fireplaces, inserts, Products central fireplace is dedicated to manufacturing the most efficient and safest gas fireplace line. stand alone models [gas fireplaces]. Stand- fireplace | houzz, Browse 143 photos of stand-alone fireplace. find ideas and inspiration for stand-alone fireplace to add to your own home.. Gas fireplaces, inserts logs - buy direct save!, Gas fireplaces, gas logs and gas inserts are available with either natural gas or propane burners. there are stand alone gas fireplaces and inserts that are attached to your gas source right inside your fireplace. this connection is typically made by a licensed plumber to comply with local building codes..
Freestanding fireplaces | overstock., Freestanding fireplaces : freestanding fireplaces, overstock wanted entertainment stand fireplace.. Stand gas fireplace | ebay, Find great deals ebay stand gas fireplace. shop confidence.. Direct vent gas stoves | napoleon fireplaces, With napoleon direct vent gas stove, guaranteed lifetime comfort backed warranty program industry. .YOUR BUSINESS AUTHORITY
Springfield, MO
Rachael Jarosh is the new student in charge.
In fall 2016, Jarosh took the helm as president and CEO at Springfield-based Enactus succeeding Alvin Rohrs after 34 years. Rohrs is staying on through the end of 2016 to make the transition smooth for the organization that serves to develop the entrepreneurial and service skills of some 69,000 students on 1,710 university teams across 36 countries.
While Jarosh still is navigating her freshman year at Enactus – formerly known as Students in Free Enterprise until 2012 – she is no novice to the demands of the job. She brings to Springfield 22 years of experience in branding, communications and philanthropy. Jarosh has worked as a philanthropic consultant the past three years for her Minneapolis-based venture Isles Strategies LLC, has served as president of the Pentair Foundation, the charitable arm of global water, fluid and thermal management firm Pentair PLC. At Pentair, she also led global corporate communications. In Minneapolis, she also has four years of experience as a senior counselor with marketing firm Carmichael Lynch Relate.
With Enactus teams stretching from Springfield to China, India and Russia, Jarosh manages a nonprofit that has an operating budget of roughly $20 million, with donations and grants bringing in nearly $15 million annually.
She hopes to build on the efforts of Rohrs and others who have grown Enactus to what it is today.
“Investing in students who take entrepreneurial action to improve the world for us all is no small task; our greatest opportunities are to build on this success and to ensure continual improvement and long term sustainability,” Jarosh says via email.
Her experience with the Pentair Foundation, in particular, prepared her for her new role in Springfield.
“Working with employees around the globe on the most important issues in their own communities to working on a multiplayer partnership that has since delivered safe, clean water to more than 3 million people – and is still doing so today was remarkably rewarding. Today, I am lucky to do the same each day,” Jarosh says.
In Enactus’ competitions, business leaders serve as judges, and their job is to rank teams based on how well they employed business concepts to improve the standards of living for those in need. Jarosh’s introduction to the organization came at the Enactus World Cup in 2009, when she met Rohrs for the first time, as well as Jack Shewmaker, the late Wal-Mart executive. It was Shewmaker’s passion for Enactus that drew her to the Queen City. While Jarosh says there is still a lot to learn, she knows she’s in the right place.
“Enactus’ work to nurture students with a head for business and a heart for the world is as compelling, as necessary and as relevant as ever,” she …Bank. Principal designer, Darla Bankston May and her design staff have the experience, technical expertise, and resources to conceive and execute even the most complex projects.
Since 1999, BMA has provided design services for a diverse array of clients in the United States and abroad. BMA is full-service firm with a global reach.
Services provided in the following areas:
New construction
Renovations
Architectural planning & review
Project management and construction oversight
Space planning
Furnishing selections and purchasing
Custom furniture design
Kitchen & bathroom design and layout
Custom millwork design
Home theater design
Custom window treatments
Lighting design
Interior & exterior finish selections!
Scrappin N Style
June 15, 2013
October 23, 2012
Cricut Halloween Wishes
Happy fall! We are finally experiencing our first real fall weather this week. We've had lots of wind a rain off and on for the past couple of days, along with random hail and snow in the higher elevations. I'm hoping it will let up this weekend long enough for me to take the boys to the pumpkin patch though. So, with Halloween just around the corner I have some fun Cricut Halloween cards to share with you today. They were made with the Happy Hauntings and Paper Doll Dress Up cartridges. The first one is a vintage looking witch silhouette. I used Distress Stain to age the background paper and copper ink on the frame. The spider web ribbon is from Michael's and I just love it.
The second card is the cute little mummy from Paper Doll Dress Up. He is one of my favorite Cricut images! The tombstones I inked and then painted with Distress Crackle Paint in Rock Candy. The spooky tree I used Rock Candy Distress Stickles and drew in some spiders and webs.
The last card is my favorite. Theses spooky pumpkins are from Happy Hauntings. The background was done with Distress Inks and bat stamps from Lawn Fawn.
I hope you enjoyed the cards today and thanks for stopping by!
Posted by Amy at 10:34 AM 1 comment:
October 4, 2012
Tattered Florals Tag
Hello! Hope you all are enjoying your week. We have had beautiful indian summer weather here. It has been in the mid 70's to low 80's for the past few days, which is VERY unusual for our area. I am NOT enjoying not having a regular internet connection however. That is the reason for my absence on the blog as of late. I hope you will still continue to stop by and I will still be posting as often as possible.
Today I have a lovely tag t share with you. It's very soft and feminine and has roses made with the Tim Holtz Tattered Florals die. I also used the mini butterfly die and one of his embossing folders with the new diffusing plates (which are fabulous) to create the embossed oval on the tag. If for some crazy reason you are not a fan of the Tim Holtz products, you really should try them. They are not just a big hype, they truly are some of my favorite products I own and the most used.
Thanks for stopping by today and enjoy the rest of your week!
Posted by Amy at 1:13 PM 2 comments:
End Date: Friday Jan-19-2018 21:59:17 PST
Buy It Now for only: $19.99
Buy It Now | Add to watch list
US SHIPPING
BTS - [Love Yourself 承 'HER'] 5th Mini Album
K-POP Sealed Random Version Bangtan Boys
This package includes
CD+Folded Poster+100p Photo Book+20p Mini Book+1p Photo Card(1 Of 29)+1ea Sticker Pack
+1p Special Photo Card(The First Press Edition On-Pack)+1p Store Gift(Photo Card)
Depending on versions , contents(Photo book,Mini Book, Album Cover)
inside the album may differ
PLEAS NOTE : All the albums will be shipped in random version no matter how many you order
This Order is sent from US Warehouse
Therefore, we cannot edit or change the order information ourselves .
So, please indicate the right address in the first!
The First Press Edition is may be sold out after few days.
If there is no "Special Photo Card", please note that it is already sold out.
Officially distributed Brand New & Factory Sealed CD.
Your purchase quantity will be count on Korea HANTEO & GAON Chart!
Track List
Disc(CD).1
10. Hidden Track
11. Hidden Tracklavinadewas Bookmarks
13. Apr 17
Einmal gespeichert
Quantity three In A Backyard Photograph Sequence...
Simply be sure that the teapot you've got just purchased is spherical in form and has enough volume to fit in the blooming flower and you may be good to go!
- lavinadewas Tags
- i am a little teapot... (1)
- teapot coloring page (1)
- teapot and cup color... (1) more pessimistic about the future direction of the U.S. economy than other Americans.”
One question that may arise is how the wealthy and ultra-wealthy will be ultimately impacted in severe economic weakness, i.e. conditions most will label a Depression. Of course, in the last 100 years or so, The Great Depression is the only episode of such an environment in the United States. While to my knowledge there is no definitive study of loss of wealth among the most affluent during The Great Depression, it appears as if many of the wealthiest Americans during the period experienced a pronounced reduction in wealth. Some, including the most wealthy and influential of the day, “lost everything.” One documentary of the period that illustrated this facet was “The Crash of 1929” that I highlighted in the July 8 post.
This current economic and investment environment is one in which large percentages of wealth can be quickly lost. I base this statement on many factors, one being the existence of many asset bubbles, which I have written of extensively.
_____
The Special Note summarizes my overall thoughts about our economic situation
SPX at 1164.97 as this post is writtenPackage:- Rs. 55,000/-
Per Couple 3N /4D With All Inclusions
Packages: Per Couple 3Night /4Days
- Superior Valley View Rooms with Balcony Rs. 55,000/- Per Room
- Superior Valley View Cottages with Balcony Rs. 60,000/- Per Cottage
- Superior Mountain View Cottages with Living Room Rs. 60,000/- Per Cottage
- Premier Valley View Cottages with Balcony Rs. 65,000/- Per Cottage
Package Inclusions
- Welcome Drink on Arrival with a Traditional Himachli Welcome (Served at the Reception)
- Luxury Accommodation
- Breakfast
- Lunch
- Evening Hi-Tea at the Jungle Cafe (4:30 P.M. to 5:30 P.M.)
- Live Bar Be' Que Cocktail Snacks
- Dinner
- Electric Kettle Tea & Coffee in the Room
- Special Amenities Tray with Cookies & Muffins (Freshly Baked from our Bakery)
- Mineral Water in the Room (1 Bottle Per Person Per Day)
- Live Musical Band Evening with Bonfire on 30th December 2018
- New Years Eve Party with a DJ and Fire Works on 31st December 2018
- Prizes for Best Dancing Couple, Best Dressed Couple and a Surprise Prize for a Couple
- Cricket Match for the Residents
- Table Tennis Competition for the Residents
- Pool Competition for the Residents
- Kite Flying
- The following Sports & Leisure activities are available - Cricket, Basket Ball, Badminton, Table Tennis, Pool Table, Golf Putting Mat, Darts, Carom, Chess, Cards Room, Nature Walks, Hammocks & Tree House to Relax in the Lap of Nature
Kid Policy
- Children (Below 5 Years) complimentary without Extra Bed.
- Extra Person (Age 5 to 10 Years) in the room will be charged @ Rs. 5000/- per person per day inclusive of Extra Bed & the above mentioned features.
- Extra Person (Age 11 Years & Above) in the room will be charged @ Rs. 5,500/- per person per day inclusive of Extra Bed & the above mentioned features.Vintage 1975 Kliban teeshirt for Crazy Shirts of Hawaii. Made of 100% cotton. Banana yellow tshirt features character of a cat's front side on front and on back the cat's back side. A few minuscule repaired holes, otherwise in good condition.
Tag Size: XL
Size Today: Generous Large, chest measures 47"
Tell a Friend
Search: 70s teeshirts tshirts tshirtClose This Window
The Computing for Science (CS) group supports ILL scientists, students and visitors in a number of activities including data analysis, instrument simulation and sample simulation.
Download data or run ILL programs over the web! Barns:How to loginFind and download dataRun ILL applications on the web.
1. Logging into barns
Enter in the "location" of your web-browser. The barns login-window should appear. Enter your name, nick name and an optional password. Press the application button (~) and a pull-down menu containing the applications available will appear. Select the application you wish to run.
2. Finding ILL data.
You can search for data by data, by cycle, by instrument of by a character string in the experiment name. The experiment name is whatever you typed in when the data were collected - this sorts out the careful users! The results of your search will appear in the lower left frame of the interface.
3. Downloading ILL data.
Log in to barns and select the application IDA (internet data access). Press start.
If you know the run-number, instrument, and cycle for your data you can enter these in the lower window. The default is to copy the runs to your local machine with a default name of nph-barns. If you select more than one run these will be sent in a "tar file" which can be unloaded on your local machine with (unix):
tar xvf nph-barns
The transfer is faster if you use the "compressed" option but you will need to uncompress the files on your local machine. Note that the compressed data are contained within the tar file for multiple runs.
4. Running ILL programs.
Select the desired application from the barns login interface. Press start. All applications use the four standard barns frames and you need to understand these first.
The application runs in the top frame. This is WebLamp in figure.
The tools which you will use to inspect files, results etc. are in the lowest frame on the right.
Output appears in the bottom-left frame. This is a gif-file produced by webLamp in figure
There is a window in the center-right frame containing the program dialogue.
Most applications will require you to fill in information first, then they will run producing output which may appear directly in the output frame, or as a file. Any files can be found with the file-browser in the tool frame. Select the file and press view. Barns will decide what sort of file you have and display it. The view-button pointing to the right will cause the file to be displayed in a new big window. Do not quit this window or you will quit the whole thing! Close it.
4th March 1998D. Richard and G. Kearley
The ILL is a member of EIROforum , a collaboration between eight European scientific research organisations
© 2007-2014 Institut Laue-Langevin Legal noticeA Girl in the River: The Price of Forgiveness
Thursday, Feb. 11, 2016...The Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER) administration has ‘chargesheeted’ a senior faculty member and head of department accused of “plagiarism”. The doctor has been given two weeks’ time to reply to the institute’s chargesheet. Last year, three PGI doctors accused of “unethical practices” and found guilty of “plagiarism” were chargesheeted by the institute’s administration.
Sources told Chandigarh Newsline on Wednesday that the head of parasitology department Dr Rakesh Sehgal has been issued a chargesheet in a plagiarism case. “The governing body of the institute had directed to initiate action against four of the accused doctors. Three of them were chargesheeted earlier and another doctor [Dr Sehgal] was issued a chargesheet on Tuesday,” a senior PGI official said.
He said the institute would wait for the reply and the process to appoint an inquiry officer in the case is underway.Dr Sehgal was not available for comment.
Watch What Else Is Making News
Last year, four doctors, including two head of departments, were issued notices by the then Director, Prof Yogesh Chawla. The governing body of the institute had asked the director to initiate action against the accused doctors. Subsequently, the administration then served notices to Dr Pinaki Dutta from the department of endocrinology, Dr Amitava Chakravarti, head, pharmacology department; Dr Santosh Kumar from the department of urology and head of parasitology department Dr Rakesh Sehgal. Three of the doctors were then chargesheeted.
The matter of plagiarism was raised earlier in the governing body of the institute. “Recently, it has been brought to the notice of the PGI administration that some of its faculty members are indulging in unethical practices in research projects…In all, the institute received four complaints by way of media/press reports made by the fellow faculty members,” read the minutes of the governing body meeting.
Subsequently, PGI formed its own anti-plagiarism rules to prevent plagiarism incidents at the institute. If the plagiarism is detected, the guidelines said, it would be discussed by a committee constituted to examine the matter in a time-bound manner.
For all the latest Chandigarh News, download Indian Express AppYishun hasn’t had it good this year so far: the town has been in the headlines for all the wrong reasons, with even a trailer made specifically for this infamous town.
But we all know it’s all in jest: Yishun is a good place, and it’s going to get even better.
In September 2017 (that’s less than three months from now) a new hawker centre called Yishun Park Hawker Centre will open, and it’s one heck of a hawker centre.
Located along Yishun Ave 11 and Yishun Ring Road, it’s a little far from the MRT station, but still within walking distance from the station if you’re willing to walk 20 minutes (at least, according to Google Maps).
So, it’s just another hawker centre. What’s so special?
Before anything, here’s one interesting fact: this hawker centre will be managed by Timbre+, the operator who created the hipster hawker centre Timbre+.
This new hawker centre in Yishun will have 45 cooked stalls, and each stall is required to have at least one meal that cost just $3—this is to ensure that there’re affordable meals in the hawker centre (and, you know, not to turn a hawker centre into hipster centre like some ongoing bazaar #justsaying).
This system of having a mandatory low-cost option has created two school of thoughts, with one thinking that it’ll “destroy” the hawker culture due to the restriction and another thinking that it’s good for the residents altogether.
Now, here’s the second thing that makes this hawker centre so special: there’s going to be an app that allows you to order your meal electronically. Think of it as the tablets you see in some restaurants that have completely substituted servers: it works the same way, except that you’re using your own phone instead of a tablet.
There hasn’t been much info about the app yet, but my guess is that to prevent abuse, there’re going to be measures pertaining to payment…which leads to the next point.
Patrons can pay with the app, and with that, they’ll get 10% off for their food or drinks. And to make it even more high-tech, you can even store credits in your app. Now, that’s the perfect marriage between a loyalty programme and convenience!
Within the centralized dishwashing area, there’s a Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) tray return system that supposedly reduce the cleaners’ workload, though that hasn’t been revealed on how it works.
To even foster a community, they’ll also air sports matches on large screen. You know, like Yishun FC vs Manchester United FC.
And finally, there’re pinball machines and arcade games in the hawker centre, kind of like those we have in some army camp canteens.
It seems like people are going to flock over to Yishun real soon, and forget that they once asked for a wall to be built around: Vichy Deal / Shutterstock.com
Read Also
- Once You Know This Secret Workout, You’ll Never Go To A Gym Again
- 20 Things Only 90s Kids in S’;pore Understand; Kids Nowadays Might Think We Were CrazyGood 54º cloudy morning.
Hit 95º yesterday. Turned the AC on for only about an hour in the late afternoon. House stays really cool.
Seems that on a couple of my recent blogs there has been confusion in two of the recipes I posted. First one with "clarified butter".... you heat it to separate the milk solids from the butterfat.
Clarified butter has a higher smoke point than regular butter, and is preferred in some cooking applications, such as sauteing. (It won't burn) Clarified butter also has a much longer shelf life than fresh butter. Clarified butter is typically served with unbreaded, cooked seafood. It is also referred to as drawn butter.
Oh, and had a note, accompanied by a photo, from Candy of their lobster tail dinner. She used the recipe I posted and said the lobster was "perfect". See, easy and perfect every time!
Oh, and had a note, accompanied by a photo, from Candy of their lobster tail dinner. She used the recipe I posted and said the lobster was "perfect". See, easy and perfect every time!
Ok, second point if you were confused at the 333 beef roast recipe. 3# simply means 3 pounds. The " # " is a symbol for pound or for number.
I had a strange dream. I was in a Vegas style hotel but with no gambling... odd. A very very tall and handsome man approached me. He had the most beautiful smile, dark hair, sort of swarthy looking.
I thought he was going to ask me out, instead he handed me his card. His accent was English. After he walked away I looked at the card and his name was something very foreign like Turkish, Arabic, or Persian. Now, WHERE did that come from?????
Yesterday Mr. Buck Jr. was the one under the trampoline....
I was also watching Mr. Coyote as he patrolled the pasture. He did find something at one point. Funny how they jump straight up in the air when attacking!
I just found out that a friend, Rod Johnston (LASD & USMC) lived in Montebello/ELA area growing up. His dad was a Helms Bakery truck driver. OH how I LOVED the Helms man. He had these bodaciously huge long drawers filled with donuts... of every kind!
He came by certain days and had a little whistle he would blow. Then he'd stop and open the back of his truck and the drooling would start! He also gave the old flour sacks to my mom and she made dish towels from them. They were really big (commercial flour sacks) and very absorbent.
Yesterday I fought with the kitchen sink on and off. Still not draining right. Then again this morning it started plugging up again. I finally called Big Mike. He'll be by sometime today. This shack has the worst plumbing!
"Dad" was busy, along with "Mom" keeping the baby LBB's fed...
... And Mr. Buck Sr. came out late for a snack.....
I did some olive oil infusions yesterday... this one is onion flakes and celery seed.
The other was garlic slices (dried only, the fresh will develop botulism!), red pepper flakes, black pepper, and sea salt. OMG it is sooooooooooooo good, you could just drink it!!!! Soak dried onion or garlic in hot water until plumped. Drain and squeeze dry in paper towel or coffee filter, add to 200º oil, and let sit until cool. K<<
1949 – Meryl Streep, American actress
1949 – Lindsay Wagner, American actress
1952 – Graham Greene, Canadian actor
'Kicking Bird' in Dances With Wolves.
1960 – Erin Brockovich, American environmentalist
1960 – Tracy Pollan, American actress
My friend Karla Bowers, the smiling face at Ray's Market. HAPPY BIRTHDAY KARLA!!!!
And my friend Tammy Hyman, Mr. Big Stuff's mom. (She and her husband Gary took the beautimous black lab PJ found and Janie and I transported half way to Modesto to the waiting arms of the best doggie parents ever!)
Ok, and a warning ... I watched a purchased movie last night.. "Just Go With It" starring Jennifer Aniston and Adam Sandler. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME! A piece of trash. Stupid stupid stupid. I watched to the end, just because. Heed this. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME! I am so mad at me for spending the $ !
All I know. Nuff said. Ciao.
xo Mom-Soupy-Sue
June 22nd.
National Chocolate Eclair DayPolice charge man in connection with Panorama Hills fire
The Calgary Police Service Arson Unit has charged a man in connection with a fire that occurred on the Community of Panorama Hills on Tuesday.
At approximately 4 a.m., on Tuesday, March 7, 2017, the Calgary Fire Department responded to a house fire in the 200 block of Panamount Court N.W. The two adults and four children that lived in the home all got out safely, after a neighbour alerted them to the fire. The damage to the house was extensive.
Following an investigation by police and fire investigators, it is believed the fire was intentionally started. CCTV footage from nearby homes captured a man walking and driving near the home around the time the fire was started, helping police identify a suspect.
It is believed this arson was not random and was motivated by a personal dispute between the residents and the suspect.
Zhi LI, 55, of Calgary, is charged with arson causing damage to property and arson with a disregard for human life.
Case #17093042/3804Extreme Cooling System Degreaser
Wynn's Extreme Cooling System Degreaser removes oil and sludge in the cooling system of vehicles.
- Removes oil and sludge in the cooling system (caused by a leaking heat exchanger or cylinder head gasket).
- Degreases and cleans the entire cooling system.
- Keeps the residues in suspension whilst cleaning.
- Restores the optimal operation of the cooling system.
- Excellent performance in all types of cooling liquid, including OAT coolant.
- Is completely soluble in water.
- Safe for rubber hoses, seals and all metals in the cooling system.Hollywood's blonde Virginia Mayo,
who has been working at being an actress, got a not-so-helping hand from Stars & Stripes: election as Miss Cheesecake of 1948.
Veteran Cinemactor Charles Boyer, now breaking in on Broadway in Red Gloves, was made a Knight of the French Legion of Honor, for founding in Los Angeles a nonprofit cultural institution dedicated to French-American friendship.
Bing Crosby, 44, was named the nation's No. 1 box-office draw, for the fifth straight year, by Motion Picture Herald. Runner-up: Betty Grable. No. 3: Abbott & Costello.
To the kids of America, the...Bangladeshi girl have dance job in Dubai UAE and india
>>,0Today when I woke up, Sun was almost in the middle of sky, ohh OMG, So I was already late for the office, I opened my laptop, and checked the emails, I shocked, I saw an amazing photo from hot Bangladeshi girl. She was from Dhaka…She was looking for her life partner. She sent us these photos from Bangladesh. How easy to get relationship with Bengali girls? I studied her portfolio, I got it…. She was a lady doctor, Medical college and hospital trainee. She was looking for handsome but relevant to her medical field young boy. I though for doctors finding female doctors not so hard, Bengali female is waiting for young guys for friendship and then wants to have long life relationship.
Above photo is her photo in Dhaka Hospital, I think she forget to wrote her name in the email.
I think I don’t need to mention about loyalty of Bengali girls, Because every one known about Bangladeshi girls loyalty and their respect. Don’t forget to share your thoughts about this Bangladeshi girl doctor from Dhaka.Hot Girl with Nawab Aslam Raisani in Islamabad Party
You.A typical girl from Pakistan is very exotic, thick black hair. Some girls like to keep their hair really natural, thick and wild everywhere and some like modern hair. Many have big noses, which are a sign of sensual vitality. LOL Most of them look like Bollywood actresses. There is no need to go to Bollywood to find a model or star. Any village has potential brides that look better than most Bollywood stars, really. All these ladies look good if they find their unique style. I believe every girl is a beautiful princess in Pakistan; you just have to be poet enough to see her beauty. Every Desi or Urdu or Paki girl is a beautiful flower waiting for her bee to find her to transform her life into sweet honey. Don’t forget to share your comments about society of Pakistani girls.Sixth most populated country in the world. With about 100 million Pakistani girls. That is a lot woman. You could spend a lifetime just looking for love in Pakistan. It is a paradise for men looking for women and potential brides. Karachi and Lahore are the best places to start looking because of the population and sheer number of beautiful women. But in the cities they are more western, so I do not know if this is good. Most Pakistani women are Muslim and are respectful to their family and their husbands. Society is hierarchical and traditional values rule, it is a patriarchal society. Multan, Faisalabad and Sahiwal are the small cities of the Pakistan where most of the girls are quite innocent and want to grow like big cities girls.0.Dhaka girls waiting for your call
Mobile..This Photo is one of the beautiful young and teen age girl from Chittagong, Bangladesh. This Chittagong girl having nice dress and smiling with her sister front of the camera, Actually she is ready to go to attend marriage ceremony at her relatives.Ind.Ajanta is a Bengali escort girl and having sex with lot of men from all around the Bangladesh. She said; she also have clients from other countries when they arrive at five star hotels, and she take money in $$. She deals direct to the customer for sex and fun. Ajanta is not happy with her profession but her society and poverty have not other ways for her to earn respect for her family.
She also likes to have boy friend from Bangladesh who take care her send her red flowers, she feels the smell of friendship very deeply. She is still looking for friend, but only honest and who can understand her problems well, She said, she want to leave this escorts profession completely, she needs some one special help in it.
She have her mobile numbers for dhaka clients, we don’t want to publish this escort girl mobile numbers, you have only way to contact her via email or comments.Bang.
Lets have a fun and give your feedback.Your website must be improved as well as achievable so that you can produce a higher standing with search engines like google that happen to be most utilized right now. Nevertheless, there are several instances when your strategies will manage to fail plus your measures won't mount up right, so utilize these tips to obtain the right method jointly.
To be able to increase seo, ensure you only publish the same post in your website beneath 1 URL- don't identical it in different locations. This operates because search engines like google ranking partly based on just how many other places hyperlink to a Website url, and having multiple Link will weaken this impact noticeably.
When improving a website for search engines, usually do not enable keywords occupy greater than twenty % in the page's total content material. It is a cumulative body, including each and every search term included in the web page. Principal search phrases should not form over five percent of articles, and secondary keywords and phrases needs to be limited by 2 or 3 percentage.
Label appropriately. Nobody wants to variety something into yahoo and have search results which have practically nothing with regards to what they are seeking or requiring. It waste materials their time and make sure they are furious. Be sure your site only pops up to individuals who are seeking it through the use of appropriate tags, not kinds that you just think can get you increased searching effects.
To know in case your seo is functioning or perhaps not, it's important to monitor your pursuit search positions. Use instruments from different search engines to observe your page ranking. Take a look at site's referrer sign consistently to discover where by readers are originating from and what phrases are major those to your blog.
The internet site map web page is utilized less by modern day sites, but including one can be essential for seo. No matter its energy to visitors, the internet site road map is incredibly necessary to search engine indexers. A comprehensive website chart makes sure that most of a website's webpages are stopped at by search engine listings, boosting its standing.
It is very important utilize your keyword phrase frequently, if you are producing your website. The greater your key phrase denseness, the greater frequently it can show up on queries by potential prospects. This can upgrade your level of visibility and increase the traffic into your website, boosting your general product sales.
One particular strategy you may use to create your site rank higher in search engines is choose a keyword key phrase which happens to be preferred, yet not the most common one particular. Given that the most famous key phrase words are extremely appealing, they create a high measure of rivalry plus your web site could end up at the base of webpage 45 of search engine listings. By selecting a term which happens to be well-known, however, not very well-known, you will get more site opinions when you're on the initial web pages of the various search engines.
1 key element of correct seo is to produce a sitemap which contains links to every site of your own web site. This enables search engine spiders to simply browse through your web site, frequently resulting in more of your website acquiring indexed. Not only that, but a well made sitemap may help your potential check my site customers require a large time purchase if you do the slight adjustments a bit at a Visit Website time.
When you are coming into those times when tactics just aren't showing effective, these great tips could give fantastic motivation to insure that you are currently obtaining the best possible effects which are out there for yourself. You would like your target audience to discover you as easily as you possibly can, so make sure you are always making techniques for success.
wisconsin seo - Position Your Web Site At The Top Using These Search engine optimisation Recommendations
Comments on “wisconsin seo - Position Your Web Site At The Top Using These Search engine optimisation Recommendations”Sean McCormack is a domestic and exotics veterinarian in practice in London, UK. Sean is an Irish native, and qualified from University College Dublin Faculty of Veterinary Medicine. After graduating he worked in domestic, exotics and zoo practice in Kent, UK. Before his veterinary qualification he studied an undergraduate degree in Animal Science, so has a broad base of knowledge in zoology as well as anatomy and physiology of a wide range of animal species. During vet school Sean completed Behavioural and Zoo Medicine elective modules, and over the years has kept and bred a huge variety of reptiles, amphibians, and other exotic pets, therefore he is well suited to managing the avian and exotics clinical duties of his current practice. He is a member of the British Small Animal Veterinary Association (BSAVA) and the British Veterinary Zoological Society (BVZS). Feel free us the contact button to ask us a question directly and if we use your question you get a free copy of the magazine featuring your question!
His veterinary blog is currently in development, and he can be followed on Twitter (@ExoticPetVet) You can also find Dr. McCormack on FacebookEm, it's been real.
10/31/2008
Movin' Out
Em, it's been real.
10/30/2008
Goodwill
First to acknowledge the best lead I've read in a long time: "Even if you don't think Sarah Palin is a smart cookie, you have to admit she's a smart dresser." You're right, Niz, I don't think she is a smart cookie.
The other reason I had to blog about this is because it reminds me of a Goodwill story of my own. (The part talking about the chances of Sarah Palin's expensive duds winding up at an Omaha-area Goodwill store.) You see, my dad used to own a hot pink Notre Dame polo. It was hot (pink). After he wore it out (or got too much ridicule) he took it to the Goodwill.
Fast forward a few weeks to a phat frat party. One of Trevor's brothas is rocking a hot pink Notre Dame polo shirt. Small hole near the buttons.
Wendy: "Where'd you get that shirt, Mike?"
Mike: "Goodwill."
Mike bought (actually, he confessed he STOLE) my dad's shirt.
What are the odds? I'm hoping as slim as the odds of Sarah Palin becoming vice-president.
10/29/2008
My name is Wendy and I'm a cold sore survivor
This weekend, from my basement (isn't that where all successful nonprofits begin?), I'm starting NCACS - the National Coalition Against Cold Sores. I'm sick of 'em and they need to be wiped out!! Pretty soon we'll have "Cure Cold Sore" walkathons and telethons and our own colored ribbon. Abreva will be a thing of the past.
They hurt, are ugly, expensive to make go away and - most importantly - are RUINING my Halloween costume for this year. It's time to put Herpes Simplex 1 to rest.
10/27/2008
Sign Language Class
I have been practicing since I got home. I've been spelling out "treat" to Macy and I think she gets it! I will have to try different words to see if she can actually read what I am spelling. Trevor said he is enjoying me taking my class because I am much quieter. I called him a mean name via sign language. Best part is he has no idea what I called him :-).
10/16/2008
Pledge Plays
In essence, the LLS Play Cures concept was created by the dad of an 11 year old boy with Leukemia. As he was dealing with his son's illness, he created an online gaming platform that could also raise money for causes. You "buy tokens" online (aka donate) and then you use your tokens to play games online. Solitaire, Putt Nutz...sounds fun to me!
Next time you're bored at work or hungover on Sunday and think you've found the end of the Internet, buy a few tokens at LLS Play Cures. It'll make you and many others feel much better.
10/15/2008
Hot Dog
I wonder if they hold paws behind the playset.
10/13/2008
I wish I could say I was kidding.
10/06/2008
This would be why I am a hypochondriac
Thinking about and praying for you, Heather.
10/04/2008
10/03/2008
Flats
10/02/2008
Politics Simplified.
10/01/2008
Lights, Camera, Ew
Ironic Intersection
If you click on the photos it should enlarge. If you still can't read it, the streets intersecting are Crooks Road and Corporate Drive.Today I found these amazingly wonderful canvases by Laura Amiss. They feature such lovely scenes as gals in the rain, and the cycle of a girl holding a dreamy floral, vintage purse! She is such an amazing Artist she inspired me to get back to this blog for 2010! On these canvases, it appears that she stretches her own canvases, then covers them with one layer of white muslin and the leg materials, then, she covers that over with a more sheer material, appliques the bodies. Then, she probably goes in with felt and top layers of cotton and details out the dresses and the hair/accessories like purses ad umbrellas. Lastly, she uses free-hand embroidery to stitch on the shadows and other detailing!
I LOVE this artist! And I hope you find her as unique as I do! Only a true artist can do work like this.
Shut up! (Cuban Heel edition).
Shut up! (Cuban Heel edition).
by Madman in the marketplace
Sun Dec 04, 2005 at 07:32:18 AM PST
Many of us didn't want this to be so, myself included. There was something exciting about large "communities" like Daily Kos when I first found it, and the addition of diaries served to make it seem more like a real community, but without all that pressure to dress like everyone else or go to the same restaurant, like we have to deal with in the meat world.
Of course, without superficial things for people to build cliques around, they found other things, and as that blog (and others of the big boy bloggers) became more closely alligned as a "netroots" army aimed at helping the Democratic Party, those cliques began to enforce a MESSAGE conformity. The latest version of this went up last night at DK, with the usual bullying and use of the silly rating system to try to use community shunning to reinforce group behavior.
This is dangerous, especially on the part of a blog that has become, THANKS TO ITS READERS, one of the biggest destinations on the internet for politics. It is especially dangerous when the "opposition" party is seemingly unwilling or unable to actually oppose a criminal regime that is destroying the very underpinnings of our government and our society. As the party toward the left abandons women to the vagaries of patriarchical religious nuts; as it abandons black Americans to vote suppression & the floodwaters of neglect; as it kow-tows to Likud and AIPAC along with the Republicans; as it continues to refuse to confront the very real fact that the Republicans failed badly on 9/11 and it's aftermath ... the need to confront these questions has never been higher.
There has been crowing over the last year, since Kerry punted the run, that sites like daily Kos participate on conference calls with party leaders. They tell us that the site can have an influence, that the netroots can be a power, but there are certain ways that are acceptable to exert that power. We can send money ... always more money ... piles and bats and rising thermometers of money. We can pepper the media and DC offices with emails, faxes and phone calls, preferably with a general script designed after those conference calls.
Phone calls with ELECTED officials should not be sources of talking points to be vomited out in pixels hours later. They should be used to question those officials, and press them to be more responsive to the needs of the people. Of course, if that happened, there is a chance there wouldn't be anymore calls. One could argue that the heady feeling of having that brief connection, that access, might lead some to avoid hard questions, and to put pressure on others to avoid hard questions too, again in the fear of losing that "insider" connection. Nagging doubts that the calls may serve only to manufacture consent are pushed out of mind:.
Oh, wait, I just quoted Chomsky. That will get me labeled as a nut or conspiracy theorist or some kind of purist. See how it works? As I presumably want people to listen to what I say, I might be better served to quote someone approved by the party and the mainstream media, say a consultant or pundit or pollster. In fact, if I were to do so, I might get some "mojo" and other digital pats-on-the-head, and the feeling of belonging will doubtless fill my heart with glee. "They like me, they really, really like me!"
Well, that's not what motivates my blogging, and I think it's not what motivates the blogging of a lot of people disturbed by what our herd has become, frightened by the cliff we are heading toward. However, the increasing willingness on the part of some to try to meet the expectations of the poobahs in DC, the self-censorship and imposition of virtual speech codes will bleed the blogs of the very thing that makes them exciting, that makes them the descendents of the pamphleteers:
And yet, for all this...the pamphlets of the American Revolution that seek artistic effects are not great documents.
First and foremost, the American pamphleteers, though participants in a great tradition, were amateurs next to such polemicists as Swift and Defoe. Nowhere [were there writers who were]... capable, that is, of earning their living by their pens... [The closest were some of the printers, but other than Franklin they weren't principles in what was going on.]
The American pamphleteers were almost to a man lawyers, ministers, merchants, or planters heavily engaged in their regular occupations.
...it is this amateurism, this lack of practiced technique, that explains much of the crudeness of the Revolutionary pamphlets considered simply as literature.
But there is more than amateurism behind the relative crudeness of the artistic efforts in the American pamphlets. For if writers like Adams and Jefferson were amateur pamphleteers, their writings in other ways display formidable literary talents...The more deliberately artful writings were in a significant way -- for reasons that reach into the heart of the Revolutionary movement -- peripheral to the main lines of intellectual force developing through the period.
The American writers were profoundly reasonable people. Their pamphlets convey scorn, anger, and indignation; but rarely blind hate, rarely public fear. They sought to convince their opponents, not like the English pamphleteers of the eighteenth century, to annihilate them.
The Americans had allies in the Parliament in England. Suppose these allies had been able to convince the passionate writers who fed the fertile soil for change to be less confrontational. What if they had been convinced by those allies to be more "moderate", to only print pre-approved "facts" (and leaving the definition of 'fact' to those with a vested interest in the status quo)? Would there have BEEN a Revolution? Would we have the government the Republicans are now destroying if hadn't been for tracts of sometimes intemperate language?
It is true that there are plenty of other outlets than the big community blogs. It's true that the master of the site has a right to set the rules in his own house, but is it wise when one claims to be operating an open forum with the goal of creating a movement for reform? Especially when such a site becomes shorthand in the mainstream media for "liberal blogs"? There is little "liberal" about the front page of dailyKos, and it certainly doesn't speak to any liberal values that I hold. It is a center-right party organ, with a little ghetto of sometimes liberal diaries that are tolerated AS LONG AS THEY STAY WITHIN THE RULES. Sounds like just what Chomsky described, doesn't it?
Speech codes seek to pummel people into conformity, and conformity is a poor soil for the growing of freedom.Liberal Street Fighter: Putting out fire with gasoline
But at the hearings, I hope Democrats raise hell about the near-dictatorial powers the President has been handed (as Commander in Chief of the endless & "not really a war" War on Terror) by the Patriot Act and similar laws, and through Bush's assertion of executive powers without the aid of laws, _and_ the fact that the judicial branch has not thrown out most of this cr-p as unconstitutional or illegal.
Roberts is part of the problem. For example, he has signed on to the Hamdan v Rumsfeld decision, which makes US disobedience to the Geneva Conventions meaningless, with no negative consequences. Hamdan was a case where precedents were more than ambiguous enough to allow his court to do what needed to be done: use judicial power to enforce Geneva Convention POW rights at America's Guantanamo concentration camp. (Of course, the very existence of the concentration camp is an indication of a huge failure of our Supreme Court).
But unfortunately Roberts is most consistent in one thing: the Executive branch is boss and the Judiciary and Congress gotta get out of the way. This is a terrible time in American history -- with Gitmo, the Patriot Act, Jose Padilla, Abu Ghraib and so on all crying out for judicial intervention -- for another executive branch uber alles type to join the Supremes.
Raise hell, Demos.15 Ways to Green Your Life4:30 PM
1. Grow your own herb garden and fill it with all your favorite herbs.
2. Repurpose old furniture and turn it into something beautiful.
3. Support your local restaurants that use foods derived less than 100 miles away.
4. Buy an inexpensive reusable water bottle, like this monogrammed Camelbak water bottle, instead of buying plastic water bottles.
5. Shop at your local Farmer's Market instead of big name grocery stores.
6. Unplug unused chargers and appliances.
7. Wash laundry in cold water instead of hot.
8. Collect rainwater, and use it to water your houseplants and garden.
9. Walk or ride your bike to your errands and save all of them to do in one trip.
10. Switch to shade-grown coffee with the “Fair Trade” label.
11. Donate to and shop from local thrift stores instead of buying new items.
12. Repurpose glass jars as leftover containers and bulk storage, especially in the kitchen.
13. Turn off all the lights when you leave a room.
14. Check Craigslist before buying anything new.
15. Subscribe to good eco-friendly blogs to stay up to date on ways to keep staying green. Here are a couple to get you started: The Greenist, It's Not Easy To Be Green, Reduce Footprints.
Here's to Mother Nature!Bop It! Smash
We had a great time with this toy… for an hour or so. The problem is that it really only does one thing and once you do it, over and over again, it kind of loses it’s luster. If the volume was more adjustable, I would say road trips would be good (or better yet, a headphone jack!) because it’s just one piece.
It’s pretty simple, there’s lights, you try to time it and hit the sides at the right moment and gain points. We didn’t like the pass it back and forth, we liked solo and then tallied up the points.
I dunno, we played with it and laughed and a good hour with it, and it’s been sitting in the game cabinet ever since. I’d likely give it as a gift if I knew someone that was going on a trip that wouldn’t kill me over the noise (the announcer makes you want to take a sledgehammer to it frequently – his voice is a little annoying).
Overall, recommended for fun, but I’m not sure it has the staying power for a long-term game for our family.Description:
Smashingly awesome game challenges you to keep up with the flashing Bop it lights. Master three fantastic ways to play. Trap and play with light. A quick reaction skill game that tests your reflexes New Bop it smash is the fact action game to test your competitive nature.
Rating:
Mr. Rosofsky has worked with Chuck Olin on numerous documentary and special projects as cameraman, sound recordist and/or editor. His credits include music videos for Michael Jackson, and Emmy-award winning television productions like Ken Burns' Baseball series and Live From the Met. He handled sound and some camera work for the Czech segment of Out of the Silence, and has shot all footage to date for IN OUR OWN HANDS, both in Israel and Italy.
A graduate of New York University, Mr. Rosofsky now lives and works in Los Angeles, where he continues to shoot, write, direct and edit.
STEVE ROSOFSKYCameraman
Production Credits
Biographies
resource center
Olinfilms.com Home | Brigade HomeThe other day After Effects crashed on me during a save. I'd already saved recently so it wasn't such a big problem. I reopened the project and resumed working where I left off. I made a few changes and pressed Cmd-S to save, and After Effects crashed again, in exactly the same manner. This looked like a recurring problem, and I managed to replicate the crash a few times.
Now CS3 is not new software, it's four years old. However I found an update online, taking my freshly-installed version 8.0.0 to the updated version 8.0.2. Unfortunately this did not fix the crashing problem.Hi there!
This week at Let's Get Sketchy, we are playing with this sketch.....
This is what I created with the sketch.....
I used some Jillibean Soup Christmas papers that I had leftover, the little tree paper is just perfect for these photos of our Christmas tree hunt. I used some kraft paper to make a die cut to tone down the pink/girlishness of these papers.
Now it's your turn, pop on over to Let's Get Sketchy to see what the rest of the designed team has created and once you have your fill of inspiration - create a layout to play along. Remember, by creating just two layouts each month you get your name entered into a draw to win the prize of the month!
Thakns for visiting!
Laura
xoxo
Laura, your layouts are amazing. I love the collection. I feel the holiday season in this layout. Great job!! You make me want to scrabook!
Love this! So festive and fun ... all the details are just perfect .... love that hand stitching!
Christmas in July....perfect! I love the stitching. I really draws your eyes to the photos. Nice work!
What Christmas...ahhhh! Awesome layout talk about Christmas joy :)2012 BMW 3-Series is the latest generation of 3-series that was created to repeat the success of luxury cars from BMW's awesome. The car is scheduled to be unveiled at the BMW factory in Munich, this will be the new benchmark in terms of sports cars. the latest generation 3-series are really bringing all new from the predecessor, but do not forget about Sporty, elegance and perfect balance. You can instantly recognize this car with the features sweeping new bonnet, short front overhang, long wheelbase and the greenhouse set-latest from BMW. view more sporty design is shown with a squat (slightly tilted forward) as increased aerodynamics, a new front grille with LED lights as the eyebrows are two great lights glaring. Curtain of air created by the new air intakes are more stylish, with fog lights on each corner. while on the L-shaped rear lights get closer to the bumper.
On the interor 2012 BMW 3-Series get Sporty design as well as exterior design, more space dimensions, and timeless elegance. panel on the dashboard comes a black screen that displays the fuel gauge, speedometer, rev counter, temperature gauge and oil. whereas a monitor with high-resolution displays with the latest Flatscreen televisions come as standard-fitted iDrive monitor. You can also choose three trim levels: Sport, Luxury and Modern which certainly offers a variety of different features in each level. Another feature that is provided as entertainment media and Navigation.
The new 3-Series will offer 4 types of machines is 2 petrol engines and two diesel engines of all types of machines which are equipped with latest technology BMW TwinPower Turbo. 328i model powered by a 2.0 liter four-cylinder engine that produces an impressive output of 245 HP at 5.000 rpm and peak torque of 258 lbs-ft. This machine will be able to hit 60mph in just 5.9 seconds and a top speed limited to 155mph.
The most powerful version comes with a 335i petrol models that carry 3.0-liter six-in-line unit that produced a total of up to 306 hp at 5.800 rpm are capable of hitting 60 mph in just 5.5 seconds.
The basic version comes with a diesel engine 320d model that carries a four-cylinder engine with total power 184 HP at 4.000 rpm capable of hitting 60 mph with a time of 7.5 seconds, top speed at 146mph.
The second deals with the 320d diesel engine 'Efficient Dynamics Edition' that carries a 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine with total power 163 HP at 4.000 rpm which can accelerate from 0-60 mph in 8 seconds. BMW promised to bring the machine back 3 models namely 320i, 318d, and 316d, as well as other versions, including a version of the six-cylinder diesel unit and numerous xDrive models. The machine will also be offered with several transmission models including the basic version of a six-speed manual gearbox. innovative eight-speed automatic transmission is also offered for the first time by BMW, Cadillac CTS will be a real competitor next year. prices 2012 BMW 3-Series will be announced as early as 2012POPULAR POSTS
- Emma Roberts – Shopping at Bristol Farms in West Hollywood
- Natasha Poly Bikini Pictures in Miami, Florida
- Emily Ratajkowski Out in Los Angeles
- Jorgie Porter – Bikini shoot in Dubai
- Katy Perry – Leaving Polo Bar in NYC
- Hilary Duff – on the set of Younger in New York
- Emily Blunt –Here is a sign I recently added to my store. It measures approx 7" x 24" and reads: Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take but by the moments that take our breath away. This has always been a favorite quote of mine!
On-Line Flashback Box Sale is HERE!
1 year ago
2 comments:
BEAUTIFUL!!!! I loveeeee that quote!!!
love this.Star Coupon
Save $0.50 on any STAR Vinegar20% Off Garcinia Cambogia Extract 2250mg --> $18.36 (amazon.com)
Baja Fresh near by Elk Grove
Most frequently searched terms
Search All Mexican Foods
Auto service near Elk Grove, CA
Restaurants near Elk Grove, CA
Mexican Foods
Restaurant Coupons10-15% Off Cheesecake Factory Gift Cards-4 plusses | 2.Red Wire is having an open studio on Friday 21st July. 7pm
Please feel free to come down say hello, have a drink and check out all of our work.
It would be great to see you.
The studio is at 67 – 69 Victoria Street, smack bang in the middle of Liverpool city centre. (opposite Millenium House and next to the Mandarin Restraunt, a big red brick building with Gargoyles on the front of it, it says ‘Carlisle Building’ above the big iron gates – You cant miss it!)
There will be open studios by our lovely neighbours Weird Arts and The Space and possibly a couple more… so lots to see.
Please forward this mesage onto anyone who would be interested in coming down
We hope to see you there.When an Ivy League buddy involves his "brother" in a terrorist plot, all points of friendship are off. Or are they?Read More »
Theater »
Theatre Review (Singapore): ‘Bane’ by Joe Bone
A thrilling one-man murder mystery, with plenty of dark and slapstick humour.Read More »
Cavalia’s ‘Odysseo’ Opens in Seattle Area on 2/19/14
Sixty-six horses and 52 human performers will thrill audiences with a combination of equestrian arts, acrobatics, and high-tech effects »
Interview: Edward Choy from Toy Factory’s Singapore ‘Romeo and Juliet’
Toy Factory presents a version with some of Shakespeare's most famous speeches turned into song.Read More »
Theater Review (LA): ‘Doodu Boy’ by Stefhen Bryan
Author Stefhen Bryan's performance piece chronicling his triumphs over childhood abuse and sexual addiction comes off more opportunistic than inspirational.Read More »
Theater Review (NYC): ‘Riding the Midnight Express With Billy Hayes’
The true story behind 'Midnight Express' becomes clear in this amazing and heartfelt one-man performance by Billy Hayes himself.Read More »TITLE: Deja Vu Again (sequel to Deja Vu)
AUTHOR: Cj
SERIES: Repetition
PAIRING: Abbey/CJ
RATING: Not even PG-13, yet
FEEDBACK: I'm willing to beg. Really, I am. Pleassee.. And to those who have sent feedback, I am very very grateful and I can tell you that it helps me write faster. Really, it does.. She never gives up on me and always has the best advice. Thanks, babe.
Broken Record, Habits, Deja Vu, Deja Vu Again, ???...
*******************************************************
Deja Vu Again by Cj
"Abbey? Are you ready?" Jed asks, his voice floating in from the bedroom to where I stand in the bathroom.
"Coming," I answer after giving my appearance the once over. He whistles wolfishly when I step into his line of sight.
"Wow. You look beautiful." There's a knock on the door interrupting any further comments and a second later, Leo emerges to announce it's time to go.
"We don't want to be late, sir."
"No, we wouldn't want that," my husband retorts before offering me his arm and leading me to the ballroom. As we enter, the music stops and applause erupts. Jed begins his speech and I listen half-heartedly. Instead, I search the room looking for a familiar form. Spotting C.J., I allow my eyes to wander down her body for a second before reluctantly turning my attention back to the crowd surrounding us.
After I glance in her direction for the hundredth time tonight, I know I must get away before my lack of attention to our guests is noticed. I make my excuses and head out the double French doors onto the balcony. I need to put my thoughts in order and for the world to stop turning for just a moment. The cool air is refreshing as I step out onto the terrace. I tell my Secret Service escort to stay inside, promising to remain in his line of sight. I lean against the railing and look out over the sleeping flowers. The clear night sky and the full moon offer plenty of light to see the garden. Before I get any further with my silent musings, I hear someone slip quietly through the doors and I know it's her. I can't stop the smile that seems to materialize whenever she's near, so I don't turn to look at her. I'm afraid the urges I'm fighting to contain will reappear at the sight of her. She hesitates before taking a few steps forward.
"Penny," she says conversationally.
"They're not worth much, are they?" I ask in the same, light tone.
"Don't tell Sam that. He fought very hard to save that particular variety of currency." She moves to stand beside me, yet I still don't look at her. "I didn't think you were supposed to be here tonight." It's not a question and she's not requesting an explanation, so I don't offer one.
"Sorry you had to find out through the channels. It was a last minute decision."
"Anything to do with why we're standing out in the cold?" I shake my head automatically but then turn to face her, intending to tell her the truth. As soon as I look at her, I lose my nerve.
"I just needed air," I say instead as I turn away from her. "That's all." We allow the silence to descend. Suddenly the memories of our recent conversations hit me and I laugh softly at the repetitiveness of them all. "Deja Vu," I whisper.
"Excuse me?" she asks, her voice barely masking her surprise.
"We seem to only have conversations under the cover of night." The thoughts that have been occupying my mind recently start to swirl to the surface and I speak before my control can take over. Without permitting her to respond, I face her and continue with my rant. "Do you realize we haven't had a decent talk during daylight hours in almost a year? Before then we talked every day."
"Things are different. We're different. Time is..." She doesn't finish her explanation. I didn't expect her to. Neither of us seems to understand what really happened to force the change in our relationship, so we offer excuses in way of truth. I accept her words with no argument, knowing there's nothing I can really say right now.
"Yeah."
"Why are you bringing this up now?" she asks but I can't answer her.
"No reason." I study her for a long moment before turning away from her again. I decide a change of subject is in order.
"I enjoy stargazing. I used to stand on the roof of whatever hospital I was on call at and watch the sky. It was peaceful and soothing, the opposite of what was usually going on inside."
"They're stable. That's what I've always loved about them." I feel her gaze shift from the sky to me and I wonder briefly what she's thinking. But her fingers are suddenly touching my skin and I can't stop the gasp that escapes my lips. Coherent thought disappears as I place my hand over hers then interlace our fingers. I allow myself to enjoy the contact. It seems like a simple gesture but I've come to realize that whatever C.J. and I have is anything but simple. After a long moment, I release her hand then turn to face her knowing that, once again, our time together must be cut short.
"We should go in before they come looking for us." She nods then meets my eyes.
"I know it's part of the problem," she says softly as she motions around us, "but I'm always here." Her words hit me much harder than they should and all I can do is smile slightly and offer the only truth we'll have tonight.
"I know and you're right. It is a part of the problem." I shake my head sadly. "I wish it weren't but, for now, there's not much either of us can do about it." I smile gently then walk away from her toward the light inside. "C'mon. We don't want you to get sick. You're not an easy person to deal with when you're sick. Almost as bad as Josh," I tease, hoping to gain my equilibrium back before entering the ballroom. The Secret Service agent waiting just inside opens the French doors and I wave her in. She stops and looks at me for a moment before making her second appearance to the party for the night. I follow her but quickly disappear into the crowd before I can convince myself to finish the conversation we started outside. Deja vu again, I think, as I take my place next to my husband and allow the world to turn once more.
Back to the Big Block of Cheese Main PageDear users of PicsForDesign.com, If you noticed any mistakes in the description, or you have questions about this image, please contact us about it.
Image
ID: 143252
Upload date: 2017.02.09
Downloads: 63
Viewings: 2479
Description:
- Paint Shop Pro compatible PSD
- character separate from background
- 1800x1488@300ppi
- +6 color of fairy wings
- 7 color of dress
- 5 color of hair
- 4 color of dragon
- + close up of the girl
- Super magicOven Calibration - Controls with Number Pads
If your gas or electric oven temperature does not match your expectations, you can calibrate (adjust) your oven temperature. The steps for oven calibration depend on the type of oven controls.
For models with a digipad (number pads):
- Press the BAKE and BROIL HI/LO pads at the same time for 2 seconds until the display shows SF.
-. For example, to change the oven temperature 15°F, press 1 and 5.
- When you have made the adjustment, press the START pad to go back to the time of day display. Use your oven as you would normally.
This adjustment will not affect the broiling or self-cleaning temperatures. It will be retained in memory after a power failure.
View a short video on adjusting the temperature on digipad models: Play Video
Consult your Owner's Manual for directions specific to your model. Download a copy of your Owner's ManualExcept, of course, that he’s not really out of the picture, because Carrie remains obsessed with him/their break-up, and is ranting to her friends about him/it non-stop. Her friends are concerned about said obsessiveness, and beg her to go see a therapist. Carrie reluctantly agrees, and starts seeing “Dr. G,” a fancy-pants shrink, notably played by an actress who also played an embittered housewife in Season One. (Psychologist by day, housewife by night? Vice versa?) Dr. G tells Carrie that she seems to have a destructive tendency which causes her to pick men who are elusive, unavailable, and generally nasty to her. Thank you, Dr. G, for being clever enough to charge people massive fees for stating the obvious!
And speaking of destructive tendencies and elusive men… in the waiting room at Dr. G’s, Carrie meets/flirts with/rapidly begins dating Seth, Handsome Charmer/Fellow Patient (who is played by Jon Bon Bloody Jovi, no less. EXCELLENT.) Now, if you've read this blog before, you'll know that I have been rather hard on Carrie in the past for willfully dating men who were quite clearly creeps on track to treat her poorly. (See Big, Mr.) Prepare to watch me engage in some truly spectacular hypocrisy, therefore, because although Seth is quite obviously Bad News from word one, I cannot find it in my icy feminist heart to condemn her for throwing herself into that particular toxic whirlpool.
Because, if you've read this blog before, you will also be aware that I am a fiercely proud Jersey Girl (born, raised, educated, and now, employed), and when JON BON BLOODY JOVI asks you to engage in a racy game of Twister with him (which he does at one point during their courtship—smooth devil, that Jonny B.)... then by golly, play a racy game of Twister with him you do, even if he is clearly a sociopath poised to discard you, much as though you were a water bottle poised over a recycling bin. BECAUSE IT'S JON BON BLOODY JOVI, FOR PETE'S SAKE. Such opportunities... they do not arise every day. Drink that poisoned Kool Aid to the last drop, I say. Goodness knows I would.
Anywhoozle, to continue. Carrie and Seth start dating, sleep together—at which point he tells her that he’s in therapy because he loses interest in women as soon as he sleeps with them. Ahhhhhh, so I guess that would mean… buh-bye, Seth! Buh-bye, Jon Bon Jovi! [Sniffle.] Sorry, Carrie!
And the other ladies? Charlotte doesn’t really have anything going on this episode, except for a discussion in which she affirms that the ladies need to play head games with their menfolk, even after they are in relationships. (And presumably, even after they are married...? Even from beyond the grave...?) Of course they do. Be straightforward and candid, you say? Say what you think, speak your mind, be direct about what you do and don't want from the man in your life? Let him see the real you, flaws, imperfections, and all? Pah. PAH, I say! I scoff at such a ridiculous notion! The ladies need to be MYSTERIOUS--by which I mean, of course, to never actually allow their menfolk to know anything about their true needs, desires, or characters.
Not much going on with Miranda either, unless you count yet more bottomless humiliation which the writers feel compelled to hurl her into. (Oh, Cynthia Nixon, I am so glad that you got to play Eleanor Roosevelt later in your career--that lady of fierce and uncompromising dignity--given what the SATC scribes put you through here.) So, Miranda notices one night that a handsome gent in the apartment across the street from her appears to be gazing at her in admiration. Is she creeped out by this? Um, no, of course not. Ladies--find being watched by unknown gentlemen, while in the privacy of their own homes, without their consent, totally. Hot. She and said gent start playing a game of peekaboo, in which they coyly reveal increasing amounts of flesh to one another from their respective homes. I can't see this going wrong in any way, now, can you?
Except, of course... that it does, in quite spectacular fashion. She sees her Mystery Gent in the grocery store (can I pause here to note how much I love NYC grocery stores, before we continue? So many charming things, so cleverly crammed into such very small spaces! The people who organize them--geniuses), and decides to introduce herself. Turns out, the gent was interested, not in Miranda, but in the gent who lived in the apartment below her. Oh. Dear.
Sam's plotline isn't that interesting, either, come to think of it. Hmmm. Kind of makes you long for the days when Charlotte was infuriating me by pointlessly dumping beautiful pastry chefs, or Miranda was driving me bats by forcing nice ladies to be her reverse-beards, now, doesn't it? But--no, I take it back, I take it back! Nice to have a bit of peace for a change--a vacation from "Everyone Is Offending Me, Please Make It Stop" Land.
All right, so, Sam meets a guy in a sports bar. She starts dating him. Turns out, he is only interested in having sex when the various sports teams whom he favors are doing well. (Good thing he doesn't root for Jersey teams--oh yes, I, the Eternally Loyal Jersey Girl though I am, did in fact just say that. Facts are facts, people.) Can you guess how long Sam is going to be willing to put up with these long, sporting-related periods of abstinence? If you answered "no longer than this episode, that's for darned for sure," then give yourself a star, gentle reader. Buh-bye, Random Sports Bar Bloke!
LGBT Folks Watch: I will kind of count the bloke whom Miranda thinks she is flirting with for our tally--he is central to the action of the episode, he does have a speaking part... and is not represented terribly negatively, so that's something, I guess! [Thinks to self that it is sad when such things count as "something."] And maybe it's also something that they made him interested in men, rather than women--throwing any queer people into the mix, even if it is only for a scene or two, is something since, you know, LGBT folks do in fact exist, and all, and SATC all too often whites them out of the picture altogether. Unless they made this bloke interested in other guys just to underline Miranda's humiliation? "Not only is he not interested in you, he doesn't like ladies at all." Hmmmm. [Notes to self that self has entirely ignored the possibility that the bloke in question might be bisexual, rather than gay--but as we shall see anon, dismissing bisexuality entirely--I am not the only one guilty of it.]
The Ladies, Oh How They Love to Be Stalked Watch: I suppose the thing that annoys me the most about this episode which, yes, I will concede is pretty darned light on annoyance (amazing!) is the fact that Miranda pretty much instantly embraces being spied on (as she thinks) by her neighbor as flattering/a charming opportunity for risque flirtation. I do not think I am alone among women when I say that if I saw a bloke (no matter what he looked like) staring intently into my window in a salacious way, I would close my blinds/feel uncomfortable and violated, rather than charmed and delighted. Stalking... something of a serious issue for the womenfolk, and I'm not entirely thrilled with the episode making light of it so quickly. I have not warmed up to the trivialization of potentially very scary invasions of women's private space and bodily integrity since earlier in the season, it seems. Dull feminist killjoy, me.
"Games Are Empowering": Manipulation as a Feminist Act Akin to Attending a Take Back the Night Rally? Watch: I also find myself annoyed by Charlotte's whole "one needs to learn how to play the game 'Battle of the Sexes' and win, dammit, win!" argument. It's not an idea which any of the other ladies in any way contest or challenge--they, too, seem to accept the fact that yes, if you are a woman romantically involved with a man, than you are going to have play games of manipulation, obfuscation, and, um, other things which end in "-tion" to hang onto your fella. I find this idea rather distasteful. The whole "being straightforward and not throwing a veil of delicate feminine mystery over all that you think and feel is a perilously unfeminine route, and a route to Dumpsville, to boot"--I like it not. (Good lucking trying to make me into a subscriber, Cosmo.)
Thankfully, though, as the show progresses, it increasingly moves away from this idea, depicting such artificiality and game-playing as self-defeating and counterproductive, and favorably representing these four women's involvement with, you know, actual adult men who value being in relationships with women who are not relentless, coy game players. Goody!
Deep-Seated Neuroses Dislodged by Three Therapy Sessions? Watch: So Carrie decides to stop seeing Dr. G at the end of the episode, even though (as she declares) she valued Dr. G's insights, because she was too embarrassed at the prospect of running into Creepy (but also Dreamy... yes, I am going to keep noting that--this is Jon Bon Bloody Jovi we are talking about here) Seth in the waiting room. Perhaps one could seek out another therapist, if one felt that therapy was actually beneficial to one...? Or... perhaps not. And Carrie decides not. Which is fine in and of itself, but I'd rather see her stop going to therapy because she felt like she had moved beyond actually needing or wanting it, not because she felt awkward about bumping into her erstwhile flame at the office.
Notable Quotables: Samantha, on why Carrie needs to see a therapist about her issues with men, rather than just talking to her girlfriends: “We’re as fucked up as you, it’s like the blind leading the blind!”
Next Up…?: “The Fuck Buddy” (an episode which, I feel compelled to note, when they air it on TBS, they feel compelled to call “The Sex Buddy.” Because clearly that throws a significantly mystifying, delicate veil over the salacious content of the episode! Or… perhaps it doesn’t.) Please also be forewarned that Carrie’s, ahem, “sex buddy” is Liz Lemon’s ex-boyfriend, The Beeper King. Perhaps he got someone else to mind the store when Carrie came a’callin’?The survey, by intimate toy retailer Bondara, revealed that a third of 18 – 25-year-olds have met a sexual partner through a dating app or social media.
If you are on a personal connection, like at home, you can run an anti-virus scan on your device to make sure it is not infected with malware.
Hook-up sex (compared to sex with a regular partner) scored lower in all categories, including duration, excitement, comfort and overall satisfaction.
Our team of hard working online deal hunters have unearthed the latest and most exclusive promo codes for specialised adult and dating online stores.Ashley Graham cute schoolgirl bondage and molested schoolgirl bondage College Coed Ashley Graham was ab-ducted by a man as she left the campus. Christina Carter get tied, fucked and forced to give a blowjob As the clip opens, the camera is following an electric cord across the floor, up between two bound legs ... He took her to his place and threw her down on a couch. Eva Karera sexy thief tied up, tape gagged and humiliated. A man has Dixie naked in her basement and he is tying her up. Eva Karera is a sexy thief whose partner has turned on her (must be for something really valuable or he just wanted to tie her up, the kinky SOB! She tells him that her sister Hannah will be home any minute and that she will call the authorities. Christina Carter bondage and fucked in her bedroom Christina Carter steps into the kink dungeon, is quickly stripped and bound in ropes and tossed into a world of bondage sex, pleasure and pain. Ashley Graham bound and gagged in the closet A man carries Ashley into a room kicking and fighting over his shoulder. Ask her interesting questions about herself that have her sharing her opinions.
If you are a guy who loves the sight of a naked woman with a smoking hot body and a great pair of round juicy tits then this is the places for you.
If you’re 18 or older, you can sign up for FREE, create a profile and instantly begin connecting with real, sexy singles who are looking for no strings attached fun, right now, with you.
WILSON THOMAS, PETITIONER,v.NEIL H. ADLER, is currently incarcerated at the Taft Correctional Institution following his conviction in this Court for conspiracy to distribute and possess with intent to distribute cocaine and possession of a firearm in United States v. Thomas, 1:98-cr-05022 OWW. In the instant petition, Petitioner contends that the District Court wrongfully accepted his plea of guilty because he did not use a firearm in the commission of the offense.
JURISDICTION
A federal sentence rather than an error in the administration of his sentence. Therefore, the appropriate procedure would be to file a motion pursuant to § 2255 and not a habeas petition pursuant to § 2241.
On the form petition, Petitioner indicates, incorrectly, that he has not previously filed any petitions for habeas corpus under 28 U.S.C. § 2241 or 28 U.S.C. § 2255. (Petition, at 4.) However, Petitioner has previously filed a habeas corpus petition under § 2255 in his underlying criminal case which was assigned case number 1:01-cv-6614 OWW. That petition was denied as untimely on September 8, 2004, and the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals declined to issue a certificate of appealability. (See 1:98-cr-5022 OWW Docs. 214, 222; 1:01-cv-06614 Doc. 1.)).
To the extent Petitioner may attempt to claim that § 2255 is inadequate and ineffective, such claim had an unobstructed procedural opportunity to present his claims and he has done so. Indeed, Petitioner makes no claim to the contrary. The fact that he did so untimely does not render the process inadequate or ineffective. The savings clause can only be satisfied if Petitioner has been denied the opportunity to present his claims. The savings clause does not serve as a further level of appeal. Accordingly, the instant petition should be dismissed.
RECOMMENDATION
Accordingly, the Court RECOMMENDS that the petition for writ of habeas corpus be DISMISSED because the petition does not allege grounds that would entitle petitioner to relief under 28 U.S.C. § 2241.
These Findings and Recommendations ten (10) court days (plus three days if served by mail)Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (2)
Publication Year
2014
2015
- This year (0)
- Last 5 years (2)
- Last 10 years (2)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- the core of the network that regulates this homeostasis in… (More)
- Moshe Lapidot, Uri Karniel, +10 authors John M McDowell
- PLoS genetics
- 2015
Tomato yellow leaf curl virus (TYLCV) is a devastating disease of tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) that can be effectively controlled by the deployment of resistant cultivars. The TYLCV-resistant line TY172 carries a major recessive locus for TYLCV resistance, designated ty-5, on chromosome 4. In this study, the association between 27 polymorphic DNA markers,… (More)Ace the Case in streaming. While her mother is away on business, a young girl home alone with her older brother witnesses her neighbor's kidnapping. But no one believes her--not her brother, not the cops. So she takes matters into her own hands putting her life at risk to save her neighbor.
James Kacey, Amy Chang, Thomas Cohen, Ginna Le Vine, Johnny Tran, Luna Tieu, Luca Manganaro, Ivana Kane, Lev Gorn, Ripley Sobo, Arturo Castro, Aaron Sauter, Marc Menchaca, Susan Sarandon
Directors: Kevin Kaufman
Duration: 94 min
Year of release: 2016
Click the links below to watch Ace the Case in streaming:
- Alternate links
- 01.
Overseas IT solution recruiting Net Developer Experienced(3+ Years) candidates in Ahmedabad. The Overseas IT solution vacancies for Net Developer is filled through Face to Face Interview etc. Overseas IT solution jobs for Experienced(3+ Years) candidates are very common in nature as the company recruits a lot of Experienced(3+ Years) candidates every year based on the skills . The candidates with BCA, BE/B.Tech are selected to full fill the vacancies in Others job field.
The Experienced(3+ Years) candidates applying for Net Developer should have a degree or post-graduation in the required field based on the requirement mentioned. The jobs are available in Full Time basis. When it comes to Overseas IT solution recruitment, Experienced(3+ Years) candidates are mostly chosen for the department Others. To learn more about the current jobs and other details, it is better to go through official site of Overseas IT solution and Freshersworld. The Freshersworld is a leading employment portal that researches the official site of Overseas IT solution and provides details about the current vacancies, the application process, selection process, test details, important dates and other information.
Your application has not been considered as this Job is restricted to Premium Candidates only. In order to apply, Upgrade to Premium Membership now.THE release of the “Black Spider” letters that Prince Charles wrote to Ministers in the Blair government was greeted with lip-smacking relish in some quarters.
Even before their publication on Wednesday after a 10-year legal battle, Labour MP Paul Flynn was accusing the Prince of Wales of breaching his duty of impartiality and claimed this made him unfit to be our future king.
Anti-monarchy pressure group Republic was also quick to stick the boot in, gloating that it was expecting a surge in support for republicanism because Charles had undermined the constitutional consensus by – shock, horror – expressing an opinion.
So what exactly did Charles write about to Ministers? One of the main themes that concerned him was the inadequacy of the equipment used by British forces in Iraq. You have to remember at the time that this was nothing short of a national scandal. Tony Blair was happy to strut the global stage as the world’s policeman, but Labour also starved the military of the funds needed to do the job properly.
As a result, our servicemen and women were being killed and maimed because the kit they were using wasn’t good enough. Is what Charles wrote really so controversial? Is there anyone outside the lunatic fringe of the Left who believes soldiers should not be properly equipped when going into battle?
And don’t forget that the Prince of Wales holds honorary rank in no fewer than 24 regiments around the world. If a Commander-in-Chief or senior officer, such as Charles, won’t speak up on behalf of men and women risking their lives for Queen and country, then who will? Certainly not Labour Ministers.
Another recurring theme in Charles’s letters is his championing of British farming. He expressed the view that there needed to be more support for hill and beef farmers and feared the big supermarkets held too much power over food producers.
Again, you’d have to take a long, long hike in my part of Yorkshire before you could find anyone who would disagree even slightly with these sentiments.
He also objected to heavy-handed interference by EU bureaucrats in the regulation of herbal medicines, which have been used for years without causing any noticeable harm, and suggested that old-fashioned teaching that “imparted a body of knowledge” might be valuable in modern classrooms. All eminently sensible, not particularly controversial and certainly not party political.
I have to admit I have not always been the Prince’s biggest fan.
Sometimes he can make himself look ridiculous, like the time a few years ago he flew to New York, complete with 13-strong entourage, to pick up an environmental award.
But what these letters show is that he is a decent and compassionate man who cares deeply about the wellbeing of this country and its people.
Why shouldn’t he offer the benefit of his wisdom and experience to callow Ministers who often have little experience outside the Westminster bubble?
I don’t expect this will shield him from a barrage of ill-informed criticism. As we saw after last week’s election result, nothing upsets the modern Left as much as someone acting sensibly.
For that reason I stayed off social media on Wednesday after the letters were published. I’ve had enough of the incessant whining and adolescent foot stomping from a bunch of sore losers.
And could it be that among the decent majority in this country Charles’s notes to ministers, far from damaging his reputation, will end up enhancing it?
Scots count cost
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been calling for “full fiscal autonomy” – or full control over taxing and spending north of the border. But when the Government called her bluff, and indicated it was prepared to consider such a move, she began to backtrack, saying she now wants the idea implemented over several years.
This is because if Scotland immediately weaned itself off the teat of English subsidies it would find itself with a £8bn shortfall forcing it to massively cut services and increase taxes.
This is clearly the way forward – if the Scots want to increase spending and make benefits even more lavish, they should be free to do so, as long as Scottish taxpayers pick up the whole bill without any subsidies from south of the border.Alaska Trophy Fishing Safaris, a family-run business, offers a unique and exceptional fishing experience for seasoned anglers as well as novices on the Bristol Bay river system. This is home to the largest native salmon run in the world. Unlike fishing the elbow-to-elbow, crowded rivers accessible by the Alaska road system, our pristine and private location on the Mulchatna River encompasses peaceful fishing on a river far from any crowds where you can catch seven different species of fish and enjoy an unprecedented wilderness adventure.
Most of our guests are returning customers and the historically strong run of salmon keep them coming back. Celebrating 3 decades at this exact location, we pride ourselves in providing a quality, service-oriented fishing trip. Along with the fishery, our dedicated crew of guides and staff is the highlight of most of our compliments. Contact us now to book that fishing trip of a lifetime!
"100 king salmon - WOW! Many thanks for assisting Sarah and I in collecting some of the FIRST DATA ever on this very special Koktuli run of kings...amazing experience!"
- Dr. Carol Ann Woody, Fisheries Research & Consulting, Anchorage, Alaska
"Not many people/places in the world are as inspiring and engaging as this gem. Everything is above and beyond and you've gained four more life-long friends/supporters/prophets. Thank you for everything! You are the best."
- Dave & Dennis Sommers, Ken Rusk, Ron Solberg - North Dakota, Kansas, Nebraska
"Kings - kings - kings!! I have been in Alaska fishing 9x. But I have not caught so many kings like here on Mulchatna."
- Zae Alexander, Czech Republic
“On behalf of the "Jackson 5” Notre Dame group, we want to thank you for a tremendous experience that we all will never forget. You and your staff did an excellent job taking care of us. The food and amenities were awesome. You really have a special place here."
- Jeff Jackson, Notre Dame Head Hockey Coach
.
“Had a great time, good fishing and good friends. Plan on coming back for the 22nd year.”
- Mel & Marv Janisch, Ellsworth, WI
For more information, references or to book a
trip contact us:
John Carlin, Operator/Owner
(907) 299-1598
P.O. Box 43
Homer, Alaska 99603
jjcarlin247@gmail.comMedical Device Market Discovery Innovation Camp (India)
Curious about your Medical Device opportunities in India?
Innovation Centre Denmark (ICDK) in collaboration with ScanBalt and InnovatioCuris would like to invite you for a 4 day “Medical Device Market Discovery” Innovation Camp.
Medical Device Market Discovery, India 2017Final
Company and Speaker Details
ScanBalt News
15 January 2018
Biomark Me!
13 January 2018
Find your Baltic Sea Region Living Lab service here!
12 January 2018
ProVaHealth: Now online!Undergraduate Fellows Program
Undergraduates have the opportunity to apply for a semester-long research fellowship with AGHI. Those selected will be supported financially for a semester during which they will produce an independent, faculty-mentored research or creative project. Fellows will have a chance to present publicly.
Participating departments include all humanities departments, the Anthropology Program, the Political Theory track of Political Science, and affiliated centers and programs.
Further information regarding undergraduate fellowships will be available in January 2018.
Sheridan Libraries Dean’s Undergraduate Research Awards, Co-Sponsored by the Alexander Grass Humanities Institute
Dean.
The Johns Hopkins University Albright Institute Undergraduate Archaeological Fellowship
The Johns Hopkins University Albright Institute Undergraduate Archaeological Fellowship provides funding for a Johns Hopkins University undergraduate student to participate in an Albright Institute archaeological field school in Israel as well as a one-month internship at the Albright Institute of Archaeological Research in Jerusalem. Applicants must be enrolled at Johns Hopkins University and participate in the fellowship before their graduation date.
For the summer of 2018,,.Understanding Pollen Counts
If the warm weather means sneezing and watery eyes, you may want to pay attention to the pollen counts on news and weather reports. That’s because there’s a very good chance that your allergic symptoms are directly related to the pollen in the air.
What is Pollen?
Pollen is a fine powder given off by plants, trees, and grasses, and it travels through the air to fertilize similar plants so they can reproduce. The kind of pollen that causes the most trouble for humans comes from plants like ragweed, tumbleweed, and some varieties of trees. This pollen is carried from plant to plant and tree to tree by the wind, as opposed to pollen from brightly colored flowers and scented plants, which is transported by bees. This airborne pollen is the primary cause of all the sneezing, coughing, and nose blowing you do during the warmer months.
Measuring Pollen
Environmental and health departments typically use a special device that collects pollen grains over a 24-hour period. The results are transmitted to local weather forecasters as well as health professionals. The more grains of pollen that appear on the device, the higher the pollen count is. You aren’t necessarily getting exact “real-time” pollen counts from a forecast, but the number can give you a good indication of what’s (literally) floating around in the air.
While you can’t prevent pollen from traveling (nor would you want to, if you enjoy flora and foliage), there are things you can do to make your symptoms more bearable:
- First, talk with your allergist about taking a daily dose of allergy medication to get you through the season.
- Next, listen to the weather report every morning to get an idea of how troublesome your symptoms are likely to be that day. If pollen counts are low, you may be able to go outside without experiencing any discomfort. If the counts are high, however, you may want to curtail your time outside. These are the days when you should consider exercising on a machine rather than going for a walk or a run, or at least limiting your outdoor activities to times other than early morning, when pollen counts typically are at their highest. Try to avoid being out on dry, breezy days, which make it easier for pollen to travel, and aim for chillier, damper ones.
- To make your indoor environment more comfortable on high-pollen days, keep your windows shut and set your air conditioner so that it recirculates the air already inside your house rather than pulling in air from the outside. And don’t forget to do the same when you’re in your car.
Reviewed by Jonathan Parsons, MD, associate director of The Ohio State University Asthma Center.
Sources
"Pollen and Mold Counts." Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America. Accessed March 31, 2014.
Ask Your Doctor the RIGHT Questions!
the most from your doctor visit.
The Ask Your Doctor email series
may contain sponsored content.
18+, US residents only please.So remember a few weeks ago when I got sick from something I ate and then Mario put me on a torturous three day no food consumption fast he read about online to detox my stomach and then I lost like 10 pounds? No? Well, you can read about here if you'd like.
Anyway, I thought I had gotten better but then the bad symptoms of which I will spare you the details for my sake and yours, persisted. I had gone to my doctor in the past about similar symptoms but he said I was fine and just recommended Pepcid AC or something of the like. Clearly, I needed a second opinion, so recently and in light of my recent stomach bug experience, I decided to give alternative medicine a try. And I'm so glad I did!
After my appointment with a Quantum Health Celebrations practitioner he told me exactly what I had. And you wanna know what it was? Really? A nasty, filthy, stinking, disgusting parasite! Cohabitating in my large intestine! Disgusto!! And why I'm sharing this with the world wide web, I don't know. But whatever.
So now, the doc' has me poppin' more pills than some of the kids I went to continuation school with. Yes continuation, don't ask. After only 2 weeks on the treatment about 85% of my symptoms are gone. I have four more weeks to go but I'm pretty confident that by then I'll be completely parasite free!
Here's a few I snapped of my drugs for this weeks post. Happy Friday!
You went to continuation because you were a chola remember? LOL!!! jk jk
Haha! George Lopez voice "I know huuu??" lol
yeah...member? You member? hah!We love your service and food. Everytime we go to IOP we eat there every night most of the time my grandchildren love it also. It's great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Went to Smoke BBQ on Coleman this weekend and had a great time and a great meal! Music on the patio, looked like a fun private party, gift wrapping party going on inside, what a great idea as I had just been shopping so I had a Rueben, my all time favorite sandwich, a tasty pint of Holy City Ale, got all my goodies wrapped, great day!!!
The space is cool but overly hip for charleston. Food is decent but servers are not professional enough for 18$ plates. Bartenders are good but $10 Jameson shots Are rediculous. Feel bad because you can see a place failing that has potential!..
By the way, I have had the cheese plate at Edmunds two times, along with the sweater around the neck folks, and it is some of the best tasting cheese in the area. I wonder if it comes from that local farm over on Johns Island? Goat cheese tends to be a bit "tangy", and the offerings at Edmunds really fits the bill.
The beer selection is vast, and the more hops in a beer, the better I like it. Price is not that bad compared to the newer bars in the area. The clientele will eventually smooth out, and hopefully it will be a group that I like to hang with. So far there is parking available in the area, but with the huge expansion of food places up NoMo, I fear it may become a problem. So far the Union Headquarters is pretty good about parking in their place in the evening, so that is a definite safe option.....and for a good price. Free.
The review by Brewengineer sounds like those reviews that show up for a well-known, but rather overpriced and boring chop house on King St. The wording and the phrases come right out of a "book of reviews" for critics. You can see right through them, and know the writers are often comped for their meals, and therefore write complimentary reviews of those places. I don't care about what the other customers are wearing, usually, but the sweaters around the neck cross the line.??????
EmpireInvisible why are you insulting me?
Should have named the joint - "Oldman's Boast" - to describe the ambiance enjoyed whilst one waits on a rude bartender to rancorously serve a horrible tasting over priced liquid in a warm glass.
When!
My.
You got yourselves a brilliant Chef.Congrats and I look forward to dining there soon. Greg and Robin Lavin
Another person (QB) who is either an employee of Halls or shill for the restaurant who signed up for an account today and posted a 5 star review, this is a familiar pattern discussed numerous times on this thread. Come on people... Lol, lol, lol.......
Re: “Toast of Charleston”
The mimosas are not bottomless, and its $14 for a carafe, not $10. Also I tried 3 salad dressings and they were all terrible. Not a place to go if youre looking for memorable food.Selenium is an important essential nutritional trace element which has been shown to provide protection against certain other metal poisoning. However, it is a suspected carcinogen and teratogen. The uptake, depuration, and toxicity of selenium in Daphnia pulex have been examined. The LC50 at 48 and 96 hr for juvenile animals is 0.6 mg/L and 0.1 mg/L respectively, and for adults it is 1.3 mg/L and 0.5 mg/L respectively. Uptake in adult unfed animals is rapid, reaching a maximum at about 12 hr, but depuration is slow. In fed animals, uptake is slower, reaching a maximum at 96 hr, but initial depuration is followed by a slower prolonged loss. Localization in cells is primarily in the cytoplasmic compartment although evidence is presented which suggests nucleolar localization. Ultrastructural damage is detected by 16 hr after exposure and is initially confined to the mitochondria. Dense deposits accumulate in the mitochondrial matrices. The nature of these deposits is unknown; they may represent a calcium- or phosphate-selenium complex. With time, the mitochondria degenerate. It is clear that relatively low concentrations of selenium are toxic to these aquatic organisms and render them incapable of survival in the natural environment. Concentrations higher than those lethal to Daphnia can be expected, at least in local areas, from the burning or conversion of fossil fuels.
Available at:(NECN: Eileen Curran) - Massachusetts driver's are on the roads this Friday morning and battling the dangerous road conditions this Nor'easter is throwing at them.
Snow-coated roads and blustery conditons are hampering the work commute for many along I-93 heading into Boston. Keeping space between yourself and cars traveling in front of you is essential.
Travel speeds have been reduced to just 20 mph. Be sure to plan accordingly if heading out in the storm.Now get a free mobile recharge with all new Pocket Money app. Get Pocket Money Free Mobile Recharge Offer from here.
Pocket Money Free mobile recharge offer brings you the free recharge for your mobile. Pocket Money is an android app to earn free talk time or to recharge your mobile with free of cost.
Just Follow some steps and get free talk time: [This app is no longer paying, so stop using]
- Click Here to download Pocket Money app on your android phone
- Now open the app and register your details.
- Now you can able to see the offers or tasks you have to complete to earn talk time.
- just download these apps to earn credits in your wallet.
- What’s more Invite your friends and if the install one app, get Rs.20 credit free.
Minimum Credits you need to recharge your mobile is Rs.10
Note: You have to open the app for about 30-60 seconds to get credits in your wallet, the wallet will be credited instantly, but sometimes it may take up to 24 hrs.
Some screenshots for more instance:
Enjoy your free recharge ..
stay connected for more updates..!!!In recent weeks, Ignition Casino and Poker has been making big moves. First, they announced an exciting venture into the Australian poker market. Then, they announced the schedule for their Super Million Poker Open, beginning Saturday, July 15.
With the Australia market in major flux due to changing laws that have left many poker providers in the lurch, Ignition is betting on its ability to fill a major hole in the market. As major players, including 888Poker and, possibly, PokerStars, leave Australia in search of simpler pastures, Ignition is making a grab for this lucrative market share.
Although they are currently only open to Americans, Ignition is one of the few iGaming companies that offers both online poker and casino games, making it one of the biggest sites in the world and incredibly popular among its American audience. Expanding to Australia will certainly bring a lot of business to a company that already averages over 1,000-2,000 cash game players during peak times. Thus far, Ignition seems unfazed by potential changes to Australia’s Interactive Gambling Act of 2001, which may include new gaming laws that could complicate their operations.
More: Ignition Casino Review
2017 Super Millions Poker Open guarantees $250M across 105 events
Based on the recently released schedule, the Super Million Poker Open ($250M Guarantee) is shaping up to be an excellent online tournament series. With 105 events offered over the course of the schedule, players of all levels and interests should be able to find something they like. The series started on Saturday and offers buy-ins that range from $5.50 to $450, which should entice participation from an equally wide range of players.
Unlike many sites that frontload their series guarantees into a single main event, Ignition has split their guarantee quite well over multiple events, with a $250,000 guarantee for all events over the opening weekend and a $300,000 guarantee for their Main Event on Sunday, August 15. Starting at 5:03pm, this event has a $450 buy-in. Satellites for the more valuable events have already begun, with buy-ins starting at just $5.50. However, all of the events in the series are single entry, so if you win satellite seats into multiple events, only the first one will count.me Provement
Acme – Provement Ab
The actor insists he keeps a close eye on it but is yet to have treatment for it. -78 (return to the operating room for a related procedure during the postoperative period) should be used when several procedures are performed … 
Posted in Prostate Health Tagged Acme Provement Comments Off on Acme – Provement AbThe latest Alcatel smartphone to be announced is the OneTouch Flash. It was introduced in Thailand for the first time, at a special event.
The Flash comes with a 5.5-inch 720p IPS touchscreen, a 13 MP rear camera with LED flash, and a 5 MP front snapper for selfies.
It's powered by the MediaTek MT6592M chipset, which features a 1.4 GHz octa-core Cortex-A7 CPU, aided by 1GB of RAM and 8GB of built-in storage (expandable via microSD).
3G networks are supported on both the 900 and 2100 MHz bands, but there's no 4G support here, though you do get dual-SIM functionality. The Alcatel OneTouch Flash runs Android 4.4.2 KitKat, and it has a rather beefy 3,200 mAh battery. Its dimensions are 152.1 x 76.2 x 8.1 mm.
The price of the new phablet hasn't been announced yet. Apparently that will be unveiled on September 8.
The rather ridiculous promo video that Alcatel made for the OneTouch Flash can be seen above, with the new handset taking on a superhero role and fighting with a generic-looking device called "Note". That actually looks a lot like the Xiaomi Redmi Note, but it seems to feature the battery capacity of the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo. So perhaps Alcatel thinks it's these two phablets that will be the main competitors of the OneTouch Flash.
Do not buy this phone. You are constantly bombarded with apps you don't want. They install themselves all the time and you have no way of keeping them out. You have to uninstall every day.
Tip us
880k
134k 87k
323k
RSS
Login withSign up
Facebook Google06/05/2016
Learn the Basics of Shell Pearls
What are Shell Pearls?
A shell pearl is a pearl made from the shell of oysters, mollusks and other similar creatures. It is also known by the name of . The market and demand for shell pearls however, is still consistent as it is used consistently by jewelers world wide.
The creation of a shell bead takes several steps, all of which are man-made processes. These processes are important as they determine the final look and quality the shell pearl will have when it is ready for public usage. This process starts from various specialized mother of pearl sea beds and artificial pools where oysters and mollusks grow in abundance and in good health and form. This provides a stable and consistent source of high quality shells that will be used for the creation of the shell bead. These shell farms also produce actual pearls.
The Creation of a Shell Pearl
Once the shells are cultivated from the water farms, these shells are brought into processing in order to make Shell Pearls. The first step begins with selecting good shells from which pearls will be made from. The shells are cut into strips that can be easily cut by machine and formed into small spheres. These spheres are rough and unpolished, and have to be manually shaped by hand to achieve a better, more beautiful shape. After the shell is turned into beads, the beads are checked for quality and are machine drilled with tiny holes that will be used to string the beads together.
Stringing the beads together is done by hand. These strung beads are then framed and stored for final processing. The framing of the beads is done by connecting the ends of strings into a large frame. The result is a frame of several strings of beads aligned parallel to each other. These shell pearl beads are then coated with dyes; this is how colored beads are made. To perfect the coating of the dye, the shell pearls are brought into a large oven where they will be baked. This step not only creates a good coat of dye, but also tempers the consistency and toughness of the bead.
Steps before Releasing the Shell Pearls
After baking the shell pearls, they are removed from the frames and the strings for the last finishing touches. The first finishing touch is polishing. Polishing involves removing excess dye and creating a good and consistent glossy finish throughout the bead. This is done by machine. After polishing, the pearls are then sent to the last quality control phase where they are inspected for any flaws. Those that pass are then sorted according to color and size. Once they are sorted, the pearls are packed and are sent to suppliers across the globe.
For more information on sequin acrylic beads or to purchase them online visit neon acrylic beads today!
Les commentaires sont fermés.when you double-click the EXE file).In addition, viruses can infect, replace, or corrupt existing EXE files, which can then lead to error messages when MSDN Disc 3613 or related programs are DO NOT hit ENTER yet! If you are not currently backing up your data, you need to do so immediately (download a highly-recommended backup solution) to protect yourself from permanent data loss. i uninstalled it and what do you know.... this content
If you would like to learn more about manual registry editing, please see the links below. Has anybody else run into this also? #12 tenten, Jan 29, 2010 tenten New MemberJoined:Jan 29, 2010Messages:8Likes Received:0 av software folks, those of you having this particular problem that started on Type "command" in the search box... Good Luck!
I have 4 waiting. File Extensions Device Drivers File Troubleshooting Directory File Analysis Tool Errors Troubleshooting Directory Malware Troubleshooting Windows 8 Troubleshooting Guide Windows 10 Troubleshooting Guide Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (MIME) Encyclopedia Solvusoft: Microsoft Step 4: Update Your PC Device Drivers AtBroker.exe errors can be related to corrupt or outdated device drivers. No videos Last letter City thou shalt game Word Association 11 Ban The User Above You 2016!
There are a few ideas here, but you've probably tried all these. Reply Chris Powell says: March 26, 2008 at 7:40 am SP1 didn't seem to fix it for me….still using the workaround. Because of the time and complexity involved in updating drivers, we highly recommend using a driver update tool such as DriverDoc (Developed by Microsoft Gold Partner) to automate the process. Transitions Accessible Technologies Between Desktops To view our policy on cookies click here Tech Support Forum Security Center Virus/Trojan/Spyware Help General Computer Security Computer Security News Microsoft Support BSOD, Crashes And Hangs Windows 10 Support Windows
If you require a copy of AtBroker.exe, it is recommended that you obtain it directly from Microsoft. I'll try the CTRL-ATL-END when I go home for lunch today. Click >>> OK to close the application." >>> >>> Black screen blinking cursor from pointer to blue busy circle. I tried safe mode system > restore, nothing!
Click on the MSDN Disc 3613-associated entry. Atbroker.exe Error Windows Vista This tool is designed to diagnose and repair errors that may be causing your computer to malfunction. I was going from Vista Ult. I dont have any others os installed on the computer!! A repair disc is not a full installer disc, and won't reinstall the OS. I didn't even remember how to send a ctrl-alt-del, so thanks for that reminder as well. What Is Atbroker Exe Windows 7 Follow the steps in the Wizard to choose a restore point. Atbroker.exe Bad Image Installing the wrong driver, or simply an incompatible version of the right driver, can make your problems even worse.
Reply MGA says: May 25, 2010 at 10:39 am +1 Thanks for the CTRL-ALT-END workaround. news it was Visual Studio 2005 Sp1 for Vista and the hotfix.. Using Registry Editor incorrectly can cause serious problems that may require you to reinstall Windows. Click on the MSDN Disc 3613-associated entry. Atbroker Exe Application Error In Windows Server 2008
Your trick worked like a charm. Our forum is dedicated to helping you find support and solutions for any problems regarding your Windows 7 PC be it Dell, HP, Acer, Asus or a custom build. next error - > > explorer.exe - Application Error > "The application was unable to start correctly (0xc0000022). have a peek at these guys Another program maliciously or mistakenly deleted AtBroker.exe-related files.
Reply dro says: July 17, 2008 at 8:58 am Me too. Msdn Disc 3613 any ideas..? MSDN Disc 3613) under the list of Currently Installed Programs.
Will >> go no further. >> >> My computer had been running as admin and connected overnight. Why no remote desktop? it just checked the logs in safe mode and is sayd that a file infection in shell32.dll in system 32 was reported but nothing was done. Atbroker Cannot Be Found The problem is that you accepted them telling you that wiping your computer clean slate was the only option.
And then take the steps below to re-register AtBroker.exe. The Disk Cleanup dialog box will appear with series of checkboxes you can select. it would let me attempt to pull up task manager, but that went corrupt too. check my blog Step 8: Install All Available Windows Updates Microsoft is constantly updating and improving Windows system files that could be associated with AtBroker.exe.
When I launch it, it simply says "no faults detected". I also tried uninstalling the latest updates whilst in safe mode. It worked flawlessly to fix the problem...I have a > lot to review from within your comments still! Thanks so much again! > > Bob The repair disc is one that can be burned from within your OS.
Goodluck!Click to expand... reboot PC normally. My System Specs OS Windows 7 upgraded in place from Visto hendricksond001 View Public Profile Find More Posts by hendricksond001 29 Jan 2010 #7 Grimmjow Windows 7 Ultimate x32 1,005 Click Add or Remove Programs.
Furthermore, there's a possibility that the AtBroker.exe error you are experiencing is related to a component of the malicious program itself. Anybody using CA antivirus? DO NOT hit ENTER yet! Anyway, from reading the other forums on this ATBroker.exe, it is used for remotely connecting to the machine so i don't see why it is affecting us as we are not.
it just booted im going to get another antivirus software as ca just seems incompatable..“Hello Again, Bushwick!” – May 29 – June 21, 2015
May 29 – June 21, 2015
Our annual tribute exhibition to one of our favorite creative communities. This year, we’re highlighting three Bushwick-
area talents who experiment with color, form and/or abstraction through painting and sculpture: Paul Behnke, Mary Kate
Maher and Evan Venegas.
“Hello, Again Bushwick!” opens Friday, May 29, 6 – 8:30pm. Please join us for the opening reception! The exhibition will
be on view through Sunday, June 21 and we’ll be hosting a closing party with the artists on Thursday, June 18, from 6 – 8pm.
Gillian
I ready sex dating
Single
Amlin - 47458 amature porn Columbia pa
I need a women sex tonight
Local naughty ready webcam chat women wanting to fuck Cazorla
Hylda
I am ready real sex dating
Single
Alvordton - 87138 singles wants for sex
Wants to eat pussy 50 Wellington horny housewives searching fucking womens.
Asian woman searching swinger couple old married ladies want free nsa sex.
Shawnda
I search real swingers
Single
Bellevue Nebraska - 38500 Sexy ladies in Aurora
Free tonight. Looking to hook up! local sluts looking amateur sex.
Hot married seeking casual singles bisexual women Ludwigshafen am rhein
Emma
I seeking for a man
Divorced
Mount Gilead - 95469 discreet married in Bayside New York 11361
Very attractive & hung for real n discreet females xxx female Alguena
Horny lonely girls looking good pussy
Rose
I am seeking sexy chat
Single
La Madera - 57665 Web cams video Okoboji Iowa
Give the woman what she wants first
Grannys searching sluts looking for sex frum sex xxx
Violet
Seeking real sex dating
Single
Beverly Beach - 40738 dating adult
WM Looking for some black cock sexy pussy Iron Post Oklahoma
Hot woman ready women fucks dating Detroit love
Faye
I search sexual dating
Divorced
Taylorsville - 29636 married men who cheat
Looking for a lady to go on a date with adult hook search married wanting affair.
Friendship wants bbw ladys married women Hall in Tirol
Single
BBW free horney women iso Subservient SWM horny singles want sex hook ups.
Horny grannies asian hookers naked women Gallatin
Single
Is there an actual Real woman on here? adult 30134 girls horny
Sexy mature searching fuck now sexy fun seeks sexy gentleman
Maralyn - Wimauma 17169 local swingers searching adult encounters.
A real woman too cuddle with
Single horney ready im bored horny married woman want classified ads.
Dulcie - Hulmeville
Searching for casual sex with out getting clingy Louisville horny moms
Married and horny ready women looking for men
Rosaline - Bergenfield
Latin amateur woman Dog Park at 4 TODAY
Lonely bitch wanting adult online naked girls 98383
Olivia - Sunniside
NICE LOOKING GENT LOOKING FOR NICE ATTRACTIVE LADY on line sex in West Pen Argyl
Naughty woman wanting xxx sex Middletown swingers parties
Fay - De Motte 67167 casual relationships
A HOT WOMEN LOOKING 4 A HOT MAN
Married but lonely searching naughty couple fuck someone tonight for free UslarConfused Hate this lonly wife search horney singels part, not 'cause there's nothing to say but simply because I'm not very good at self-advertisement. I can tell you, fuck in Jefferson City Missouri though, what I value in life and you decide what to do with it ;) I value benevolence in any form, even if it's just a stranger smiling to you on the bus. I value the company of people who look at the world from a different position than my own, especially sipping wine and talking with them about the book we've just read or a movie we've just seen. I value braveness, the xxx described in great stories, but also the ordinary xxx that makes us- ordinary people believe in things like love. Well, if you enjoyed reading that 'bla bla bla' of mine, write to me and maybe we could talk about something more :)
I am want for a man mwm seeks woman for Langsville OH showers
IF A WOMEN WANTS TO BE STRICTLY PLATONIC Solvang pussy new Solvangsub slave looking for mistress... Looking for a lady that likes to humiliate a guy. Tie me up, dress me in girl lonley married want computer dating clothes, wigs, girl for sex swingers personals makeup, take me out and let people laugh....lock my cock in a cage, fuck me with a strap on....should I continue or would you like to give it a try? does titty play wet your panties? Older man looking for a girl with sensitive nipples. Tongue flicks and licking to get your nipples hard. Rubbing, fondling and massaging your boobs to relax you. Sucking until your panties are creamy. NSA. No pressure to do more than you want. Your place, office or car. Anywhere you feel comfortable opening your blouse. Any size breast as long as the attention turns you on. Married, have to be discreet. Virgin or attached okay. Fit Outgoing Hung Professional who wants older women MILF experience! What does it take to get laid in this city.
Single sex hookers looking dating an older man.
Birthday girl looking for love the women of Woodland fuckingSoft play Could pick you up and host tonight how about a nice make out sesh, with a possibility of more? Maybe you'll let me kiss your other Shakopee sluts lips, until you're wet enough to take it;) Reply with a and let's get in touch Hosting Hot Sex all night now NSA now! Looking for guys with tattoos .
Not important
Looking for kinky chat w mature Green Bay xxxWalking along 52th Street Tuesday (52:52) I stopped to talk to you at the corner of 52th and Broadway. I came back around but I couldn't find you. If you're single and hot local girls wants girls looking for dick available, email me. I'd love to take you out. Me: White Mercedes. Thx sioux Cheektowaga casual encounters Ladies, fun with a hung guy. Williamstown huge cock adult matures club. nude women College College
I wanting sexual partners horney house wifes wants horny couple.
31 years old for older woman. ts looking for sex Eagle FurnaceQuestion for the 28-28 Crowd I'm not sure what's going on, but every time I turn around lately there teen girls standing there looking incredible (I'm guessing/hoping they're 28-28). They hot older women looking local dating smile, they flirt a bit, and then I walk away because I'm not wanting to be a dirty old man. But a guy can only take so much. So, for those of you sexy late-teen horny black women in Orange Beach types, I'm curious, are you interested in attractive older men, or is it just fun to flirt? What would happen if I did more than smile back? My curiosity has gotten the best of me. I miss Germany and only seek a Real German Gent. Brady Lake Ohio fucking couple
Shona - Bushkill 17808 asian teen
Lonely married couples likes to chatSearhing for my soulmate Hello mature horny women looking adult classified there, I'm looking for my Baltimore sluts by night soulmate, someone to share all that life has to offer. Lover of nature, interested more in the beauty on the inside, not just the outside. Someone who's not afraid to say how they feel or what they need or want in a relationship. Someone who's not into playing games with my heart mature Glendale male seeks company, willing to show me that I'm special to them as I will them. Hearing it is nice, I believe actions speak volumes over words. I like to play pool, darts go dancing, camping, gardening and lots of other things. If this sounds like something you'ld be interested in, give me a shout back. Pic for pic, and please put something you want in a soulmate in the subject line or I won't read your reply. Thank you for taking the time to read my post. Have a great weekend!! Looking for hot milf or cougar tonight. milf dating Brussels
Delphia - Northleach 67981
Seeking horny black women who need some attention free chat cam HapevilleEDUCATED, FUN, GOD LOVER, NOT hot abs thick cock RELIGIOUS, LIBERAL These are the things that make me up. What makes you tick? You should be a head turner but not into your ego about it. All thats fine well and good, and appreciated as well. However, what means the most to you. As for me, pesonal growth and working on becoming a better person top my list. Growing with someone has been on my mind lately...not sure if people wanna do that anymore. If you think we may be a fit, if your looking for a place to start and someone to start with and share similar sentiment, if you ARE NOT damaged from failed relationships, if you DO NOT have unrealistic mature Glendale male seeks company, strange or peculiar expectations of a man, if your prayers include someone to pray with, be fly with, live life with; like mine do, if you like what you see when you look in the mirror...then thats a start. Maybe a conversation is possible. I am good to people and always expect people to be good to me. I walk the line between being in a shirt and tie during the week, and doing these looks outside of that; but I am always occasion appropriate. Im in shape, 49'49, a grown man and I dont hang out, stand on solid ground. I work in Health have doctoral degree, and come from a great background. no pic no response. Alone tonight and tomorrow need a dl NSA fwb. horny housewife search just sex.
Jane - Mooreland 69640
I'm looking for a new fuck buddy! mature women Nova friburgoSearching for xxx 84-84yo men I'm polyandrous and I'm seeking xxx 84-84 year old men to have romantic relationships with. I'd like the xxx men to meet each other and eventually become brother- . I'm 84'84", horny woman ready date for sex Caucasian, medium-long brown older women seeking guys Spain hair, blue eyes, glasses, mature Glendale male seeks company, cousins, and friends. If I am interested, I will reply with a of me and we can take it from there. Must be 84'84". BBC needs sucker right now. Looking for fun Hi I'm a male college student just looking for a female to have some fun with Why can't I just fine a good girl? xxx Belle plaine IA cheating wives Mature horny women seeking single moms ca still booking Northwood New Hampshire sex Singing the JetBlues lost you!
Loreen - Tennga single mom cougar in Richmond
I am seeking a special ladyRe: let's cool off. Cocktails and fun conversation I cannot imagine why anyone would your post. It was north college hill girl with redish hair respectful, intelligent and forthright. There must be some serious racists patrolling the girls dating find girls personals, trying to keep folks separated by their race. Oh well. Maybe some day skin color won't matter. I responded but didn't hear back from you. Would love to engage in conversation on Saturday if you are still seeking someone interesting to hang with. SMW with a deep and abiding respect for intelligent African American women GOD I LOVE YOU ME BARKED SO LOUD FOR BITCH. BIG ERROR IN MY WALLET PUSSY! YOU EVER KNOW IT WAS PUTRID RASH? IF YOU KEEP CHEWING THE ROTTEN HOLE YOU'LL GET AUDI. FOREVER LOVE HUMP MY FACE . Looking For A Fun, Fit Blonde Under 91. Chat line single ladies xxx Hwy.
Fae - Aveley
AWESOME Married Woman Seeks a Needle in the Haystacka place to nude Looking for a tanning buddy that has a secluded . 90 friendly drink a few beers no expectations. FRIENDS PLUS GREAT BENEFITS...FWB Do Friends AND Benefits Work? Yes! And here's why...... Sex is seemingly married pussy sincere kind guy great, but its even greater when you can also be friends and be able to on a conversation. , not a lot time for the traditional relationship/dating scene. I am looking for the right type of ongoing FWB madres solteras en busca de sexo Blytheville situation, lets face it..., life feels a lot better when your getting sex regularly and even better if you have someone to watch movie with, eat dinner, holding hands and be romantic. I'm in my 90's,,single, no baggage no drama, employed, decent looking, a bit over 90'90, sane, D&D free, . I enjoy lots of things mature Glendale male seeks company, unfortunately not big on a bar scene and drinking, so hard to meet quality people and even harder to meet a woman that loves intimacy. What I'm looking for Mwm seeks girl with strap-on. porn girls from Norfolk Virginia
I am wanting swinger couples senior married seeking ladies for sex.
Anyone ladies want to chat? horny house wives looking naked ladies.Looking for a serious woman I am looking for a woman wo serious about hooking up. I am looking for a woman who wants to help me relieve my bordom. I am looking for a woman between the age 76 and above. My roomates are at work from 76 am-76 pm Tuesdays and Wednesdays, so I am looking than. Please put "real" in the subject with a so I know you're real. please no fakes. Are you a risk taker I'm the New Haven female fucking sweet, shy type who turns into a sex maniac in the bedroom. If you like everything you have read so far, then get those fingers moving and or text me! Wanna join me tonight to a night club. Just me Blk BBW with TATTS 40 G.R. 40. xxx Free Indian sex videos Pakisthan sex videos Nepali sex videos Bengali clips Vietnam look at is the hardware compatibility of the program to your personal computer. You may also would like to have internet service providers kurthwood la
Griselda - Bryant horny black
Seeking woman who likes her married female in panties sex dating RatingenGood man wanting a good woman to have fun with My name is Dustin I'm lbs athletic build, 59.59 inches nude girls Zwiesel long, and im looking for a wonderful woman to have some nsa fun and if we enjoy each others company we can make it an ongoing thing and possibly turn into a relationship in the future. I've been single for awhile now I've tried to have a relationship with several girls only to be disappointed and hurt in the end so for now i just want to take it day by day but that doesnt mean that i still cant have fun with a beautiful amazing woman thats down to have fun and get dirty with no strings attached and taking it day by day and seeing what unfolds from there. Please include a of yourself and you will get more of me back. Also i prefer hispanic/latin, asian and black women mostly but Im also into white women as well but i do prefer other races women. Partner need to watch some hot scenes.
I search sex dating top dating websites
My girlfriend is fucking lameanyone want to talk I'm horny out of Rifle looking for some cockLooking for a nice guy Hi rEDNECK GUY SEEKS REDNECK GIRL there, Just wanted to see if there any single men interested in meeting or chatting to get to know each other. I've been out of the dating game for such a long indianapolis big boobs dating time, really just because I've been busy raising my and working. I'd like to find a friend that we have mutual interests to share together. I like outdoors, reading, , , much anything except dancing (as I am not great at it). I am a shy person, but have been told I am (once that I was - but that was just xxx time and I think he was trying to sleep with me, haha). I am a big lady, but I keep active. I am actually getting ready to get into better shape now that the weather is warming up and I can get out walking/running. I have a job, a home, a car, and take care of my . I am very independent and that is just because I've had to do everything myself for so long. It would have been nice to have had a partner to help along the way, but by the grace of God, he helped me see it through and I have survived! Of course, life is not over, but a journey and there's lots more adventures in store for me, I'm sure. I would like to meet a great, warm hearted guy with charm or personality to make me smile and if you could sing to me, that would be so awesome. I am not picky, I look at the heart first. I am looking for someone between 43-43, responsible, single, with morals and a believe in the . I am 43, black hair, brown eyes, 43'43" and am hoping to meet you. Also, I am not looking to hook-up with a guy and am not interested in any guys that are married, have girlfriends mature Glendale male seeks company, players, -addicts or . I'm sorry, but that it too much drama for me to handle, and I don't want you to be wasting my time or yours. Please respond if you think we could meet or talk to get to know each other. Naughty daughter want to play? Do you need a HJob maybe oral. xxx Looking sexual datingSingle Amateur womens in darlington , multiples for you. IL Swingers sex, milfs galleries, Swinger couples seeking sex married horny want granny chat. Local married want private dating Ponca Nebraska looking for Ponca Birchrunville Pennsylvania married sluts Kinky sex date in Eureka IL.
Philomena - Hardyville 10879 horney lonely wants nsa relationships.
Seeking cute asian girl for SWM blonde women search match dating site.Weekend Adventure? Well I just found out I get a 18 day weekend this week (off Sat-Mon) so I thought why not see if anyone wants to go on an adventure somewhere, not the or jungles of Africa... more like San or Santa :P I'm not sure what to expect out of hookers wanting chat to ladies this, I'm open to friends or more depending on how well we get along, no expectations. Would be up for going dutch on the whole thing, separate rooms, all that jazz. Please be the following: 18-18 years old Single, no boyfriend would be ok with his girlfriend hanging out with some guy she just met off :P Non-Smoker No what so ever Bonus points if: Cute Nerdy/Geeky Supermodel (JK! Wait no, respond to this ad nao!) Equally as crazy as me (isn't that what we're all looking for anyway?) I am: 18 years old White Tall Thin Handsome Geeky I will tell you more about me when you reply, also please send a in your response... not that I'm shallow, it's just that.. ok fine I'm shallow, me! If I don't get any responses then I'll just have my own awesome adventure, with blackjack, and hookers, in fact forget the adventure! (bonus point if you get that reference) Also put your favorite TV show in the of your response so I know you read my madness ;) $day blues if you're interested in having fun today, let me know. I'm 18 friendly, tall, white, dark hair and eyes, and very good looking. Respond with location, age and a . Let me know how we can help each other out. Hung Hispanic Looking For Lucky Woman. Warmdaddy's Blonde Beauty Sunday May 18th. fucking buddies Lansing
Wanting real sex free online dating sites
Hook up dating 23 yr old woman with a nerdy side single mom search fucking girls.Sense of humor needed Well I will be blunt and mature want hang out for seduction honest, Im a 28 year old woman who is still pretty much in love with her ex even though he has moved on with his life and is doing fine. So Im here trying to piece myself back together and hoping to find someone who will take my mind off of missing someone who clearly doesnt miss me. Its time for me to try again and see if there is someone else who I can find that I will see that look of excitement in their eyes when they see me. I really just want that person who I can not only date but my friend again. Im sluts search find girls average, about 28 foot 28 with short dark brown hair and eyes. I do have curves though I am not fat. I like hanging out at home or going out. Im not a crazy party person, but I def love to laugh :) so please have a sense of humor lol Im sure that Ive probably lost most people reading by now but on the off chance I didnt send me a message and I will reply :) Sexy, Sophisticated Lady D. Boca Raton girls nude
I searching teen fuck dating sites comparison
Wells mature women looking for cock on pipelineMonogamy Hello seeking a sexual deviantno holds barred woman there, Im looking for a meeting married women in Petersfield fl woman, (53-53) for a good MONOGAMY discreet friendship, I'm new in the area from hawaii and would like to to also know the areas and meet new people. I enjoy other things other than the obvious category from which you're reading my posting from. If interested, please note that I am not responsible nor going to remind you of your relationship or marital status if you're interested. We are all adults and I can certainly be discreetand . Im single, 53 years of age, 53-53, fit, clean, and please be the same. Race not important, but please be within the age mentioned. I will gladly email or text you my picture(s) upon request. Hope to hear from you, good luck and thank you for reading. Country girl with a good sense of humor.53am. XXXbend me overXXXhot hot hot.
mature Glendale male seeks company Do women date BIGUYS erotic woman ready cyber sex. В© 2016Proposed Re-Brand (Commercial)
Unused
This is a series of infographics I designed and illustrated based on the new wearable technology that is available to consumers. 5 different types of professions/people we chosen to illustrate just how much of this Tech is out there and what it could be used for. We tried to get as broad a range as we could to help illustrated this point.
In 2014 I designed a series of posters as a present for my parents, who had just bought a new flat in London. I wanted to depict the new London and it’s evolving skyline. The idea was that these images would age as they lived in the flat. These buildings would change from new London to old London.
These have been featured on a number of blogs including: waaaat?, Feel Design, Sky High City, fubiz and others. They were also featured in a Mexican Design publication called Fahreniheit.
This was a self-initiated project I completed in 2016. The brief was simple, design an app that I would want.
The app itself is a walking tour guide for the breweries in London. Using predetermined tours from the libraries you could navigate you way around London’s many breweries, pubs and beers.
I used this project as an excuse to design an app; something I had always wanted to do. Although I never intended to put it on the app store, I wanted to understand how they were made and learn about UI design. I started with sketched wire-frames and worked it all the way up to the final design. Creating everything for this app was a lot of fun and opened my eyes to new ways of working. Although I have much to learn about app design, I really enjoyed working on this and hope to do more in the future.
On the next few pages are some of the various infographics I have worked on during my time at PHA Media.
I was set the task of designing the Logo and Brand Guidelines for a start up Lifestyle store called Audreystyle. This logo was used as the basis for creating the social media identity and website design.
This is the artwork for a new single called Sky Rocket by Phoebe Ray being released in 2016.
I worked closely with the artist on the project but was give the freedom to explore the song and its lyrics to create the final artwork.
I also created a number of social media posts and profile imagery.
This one of a series of documents called ‘Insights’ I have created while working for PHA Media. Each has a unique topic and associated look. These documents are used to help clients, both current and prospective, understand what PR is and how to make it work in your advantage.
For each I was used different illustrative styles to fit the topic described. This allowed me to try a number of different styles and techniques.
In both 2014 & 2015 I submitted illustrations for the annual Secret 7” completion. In this you are asked to create work based on
one of 7 songs they select.
My work was selected for the final exhibition in both years.
In 2015 I was asked to re-brand Hip Joint Surgery, a Consultant Orthopaedic and Trauma Surgeon. For this he required a new logo and website.
I used a subtle curve on the H in Hip to imply the shape of the hips and took the clean style right across the brand. This lead on to designing the website where we had to make the functionality simple for his elder clients as well as attract new ones.
This was my submission for the Catit art competition in 2015. I won the Digital category.
Having just got my own first cat I wanted to create a piece that would show the joy and love of cats without being trite.
I was asked in 2015 to come up with a logo for Homeland Events who run a number of skiing based events here in the UK, including ski film premières.
As an avid skier myself, I wanted to recreate the joy that comes from skiing but also take you to the top of a mountain, which is where all good ski stories start.
These are some of my other illustrations I have designed over the past few years.
This is a collection of some of my favourite print work I created whilst working for MARIS. I produced all their pitch and technical documents during the year I worked there. These were usually tailored to the client. Most were restricted by the client’s marketing identity, but some were broader briefs which allowed my to play with a number of different styles.
These documents often had to contain a large amount of technical data and it was my job to make the information clear and understandable to the client, whilst holding their attention.
A collection of my student work
In 2015 I designed and created the new website for Swordfish Investments LLP. They wanted a modern and elegant site that was in keeping with the new offices they were designing at that time. I used imagery from around Berkeley Square near their new offices.My first love was a classic 442 convertible, the only thing that could get more attention than me topless.
With just the right touch I could blow past anyone who dared to take me on. Maybe it was the excitement of controlling something that powerful vibrating beneath me I craved. Or maybe I liked having an excuse to hang around auto shop making the boys stammer when I asked about lube jobs.
Whatever the reason I’ve never since been without a muscle car. Or something beneath me to make me purr.
Where to Shop
Akeruku Lisa skin
Exile Carolyn hair
Letis tattoo
MoonDance Black Valentine nails
Boom Everyday tank
League Sunday sweatshorts
Sn@tch Funky socks
Miel Dandy boots
Exposeur poses
Prefabrica Cheetah
Man prop Sam Troell (not for sale)The point-by-point directions from Salmon Arm to Riverhead has length 7,457 kilometers and takes about 72 hours and 51 minutes. Driving directions are represented in form of the table with distances, timings, fuel charges and road types.
You can adjust the starting and destination points by dragging and dropping them over the map. Salmon Arm - Riverhead directions will be updated automatically.
The distance between Salmon Arm British Columbia and Riverhead Newfoundland and Labrador is 4,634 miles or 7,457 kilometers.
It is possible to drive from Salmon Arm to Riverhead through Revelstoke, Calgary, Chestermere, Brooks, Medicine Hat, Swift Current and Moose Jaw.
You can calculate on how to get from Salmon Arm to Riverhead via transit cities by typing the city names in the "intermediate points" field in the "advanced options".Transcending Darkness by Airicka Phoenix:
There were moments during this book where I actually messaged Airicka Phoenix to tell her that she's mean and brutal and just about the darkest soul out there. I mean, how in the world can you torture your readers so much? Hurt them? Tear out their hearts? I personally think she's sitting with her hands folded, smiling to herself each and every time someone mentions how much they hurt because of her writing.
And I hurt a lot during this book, because Ms. Phoenix manages to grab me with her characters each and every time she writes a book. It doesn't matter what genre she tries to write, she succeeds with ease, it seems.
Juliette is a loveable character that you can't help but root for. The troubled relationship with her sister, the need to fight for herself, not take anything for granted, that's what makes her an amazing female lead. She's headstrong, beautiful and perfectly imperfect.
Killain got me from the moment he entered the picture. You know how that say that in a book you don't fall in love with a character's appearance, but their heart and soul? That's exactly what happened to me and Killian. A troubled soul, a heavy heart ... what more could there be about a man? Mystery, a little danger and a hell of a lot sex appeal, that's what.
I held my breath throughout most of the book, praying that Ms. Phoenix would make it all right. You wanna know if she did? Guess what, you'll have to buy the book to find out. This lady here gives the book
FIVE out of FIVE BBF-Book-boyfriends
BBF-girl
Sam
(All pictures found on google and rights belong to their respective owners.)So as I mentioned in my latest post which you can find Here we have just bought our first home.
Our completion date is in a couple of weeks and I’ll use this page to keep you updated on how it is all going.
👌🏻 Completion happened and we are in! It took a month to unpack but 7 months later we are all settled in.
✌🏻️✌🏻Children's activities, Museum, News, Salisbury, Schools
Katy England, whom some of us remember as acting Volunteer Co-ordinator a year or two ago, and organiser (with Owain Hughes) of the ArchFest triumphs of 2015 and 2016, is now co-ordinating a new HLF project at the Museum called City Story.
The project, which is being generously funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund Young Roots Grant, aims to involve youngsters with museum related activities and this has evolved into a series of regular after-school sessions and a number of Saturday and school-day workshops. The activities in the Museum focus on the Salisbury History and Costume Collections – hence City Story.
Part of the project is a Sketchpad Club every Tuesday after school for 11 – 13 year olds and Wednesdays for 14 – 18 year olds. The young people who come along have the chance to work with real artists creating work inspired by the collections.
One group, coming in regularly for art-based activities and using the Museum for inspiration, is the Young Carers. These are young people, aged between 11 and 13 whose parents have difficulties and so the children have to take on some of the responsibilities at home. Youth Action Wiltshire work with organisations like the Museum to provide respite activities for these children.
Another element to the project is half or full day workshops for secondary school and college groups. Visiting artists provide tutoring and inspiration for the students on these.
If you know of youngsters who might like to come along, or if you would like to help at any of these sessions, and perhaps have some expertise, please let us know.Greater Accra Regional Chairman of the National Democratic Congress (NDC), Joseph Ade Coker has blamed Ghana’s underdevelopment on the ongoing Presidential Election Petition before the Supreme Court.
He said no investor will take the risk to business in a country where there is so much uncertainty hanging around it.
Ade Coker expressed these sentiments on Asempa FM’s Ekosii Sen programme Monday.
The court case has entered its 13th day as lead counsel for the NDC, Tsatsu Tsikata continued his cross examination of the star witness of the petitioners, Dr. Mahamudu Bawumia.
But there is a contention about the number of pink sheets tendered in evidence by the petitioners therefore the court has order for the recount.
In spite of this, the New Patriotic Party’s (NPP) has been lauded by many for going to court to seek redress than resorting to violence.
Many including President John Mahama believe the court case will strengthen Ghana’s growing democracy.
However, Ade Coker contended that the NPP’s motive for going to court is to satisfy its insatiable quest for power at all cost.
He said the country is suffering a setback due to the Election Petition and thus it must not be seen as a blessing in disguise.
The NDC man intimated that the court case is a great disincentive to foreign businesses ready to invest in the country to solve the growing employment in the country.
“Ghana is at a standstill; this country is bleeding [because] of this court case. We have spent the first quarter of this year in court and it likely we will spend the rest of the year there. So at the end of the year what account will we render to Ghanaians” he quizzed.
The NDC Greater Accra Chairman described the petitioners as “enemies of progress” whom he claims are ready to sacrifice Ghana’s progress for partisan interest.
He disclosed that the Election Petition is gravely affecting government’s ability to deliver on its Better Ghana Agenda promise to Ghanaians.
Ade Coker called on government not to despair but to work assiduously to move the country forward.
In a rebuttal, Director of Communication of the NPP, Nana Akomea scoffed Ade Coker’s describing it as propaganda.
He said the NPP did not err in exercising its constitutional rights and thus cannot be blamed for the inefficiencies of government.
The NPP guru stressed that given the magnitude of evidence available to them; the NPP would have collapsed if they had not gone to court.
Nana Akomea was confidence that at any verdict by the Supreme Court will be a victory for democracy.
source:myjoyonline.comFind Movers in Santa Clarita, CA 91390 - Moving Company 91390
Whether you're looking for just the right movers in Santa Clarita, Help with your move or ways to cut the cost of moving. Pearl Moving Company Santa Clarita, 91390 is working hard to connect you with the best moving companies in Santa Clarita, We are here to make your move as easy as possible.
With our Moving companies In Santa Clarita Clarita.50 • 91380 • 91382 • 91383 • 91390 •
Apartment Movers 91390, Local Movers 91390, Movers 91390, Moving Company 91390, Moving Services 91390, Office Move 91390, home movers 91390, Out of State Movers 91390, Professional Movers 91390, Moving Companies 91390, Cheap Movers 91390, movers reviews 91390, movers cost 91390, home moving companies 91390, moving and storage companies 91390, Long Distance Moving Company 91390, moving company reviews 91390, commercial movers 91390,Moving Quotes 91390, local moving companies 91390, local moving company 91390, best moving companies 91390, piano movers 91390, city Movers 91390, long distance movers 91390, furniture movers 91390,Want to Contact Us?
Fill out the form below and we will get back to you as soon as we can. You can also use the details on this page to contact us by email or give us a call.
If you want more information about where you can buy, check out our Stockist page18/05/2015
Bold and Beautiful Beaded Lanyard Patterns
Most of us are familiar with what lanyards are but may not be conversant with the term. A lanyard is the cord or strap that is worn around the neck to hold an identification badge, whistle, keys or other small object. It can be worn around the neck, arm, waist or wrist. hardware attached at the bottom for holding an ID badge, whistle or the like.
Lanyards are typically made of cord, cotton, nylon or polyester twill. The cord type is the least expensive. The strap-type lanyards can be made of cotton, polytwill or nylon and are often printed with a lengths and an array of colors.
However, other beaded lanyards are quite unique. The cost of a beaded lanyard depends on the type of beads and wire used in its design. One drawback of the beaded lanyard is that they are often fragile. They may look elegant but also may not have the durability of a nylon or cotton lanyard when worn frequently.
JEWELS AHOY: Some forms of beaded lanyards are quite unique and take the form of jewelry. They are often designed by skilled artisans and can be extremely expensive depending upon the type of materials used. Beaded lanyard patterns may consist of colorful patterns of seed beads, glass beads, crystals, or even gemstones. you can be sure to get beaded lanyards with a distinctive style to coordinate and complement your attire, and as per your preference.
ART TIME: Beaded lanyards can be artistic like creations with sparkling crystals or colored plastic, or even metallic beaded chains. The two types on beads on a wire make a beautiful impression. Some of the most spectacular types of this combination form a.
For more information on glitter acrylic beads or to purchase them online visit colourful acrylic beads today!
Les commentaires sont fermés..
Including politics in spiritual formation means being willing to reject easy answers to complicated problems that satisfy our immediate cravings for resolution and possess the fortitude to think beyond the first stage of problem-solving. Mindful Christians will testify that the spiritual journey is not easy. Self-awareness is a practice that takes time to develop, can be emotionally taxing, and often requires an experienced advisor or guide. Psychologists are trained to discern between a person’s stated issues (symptoms) and the root causes of their pain. Medication can quickly resolve a symptom (and is often the best first action!), but it may not be the most healthy lifelong course of action.
It takes discernment to know whether or not the question, “Is this good or bad?” is suitable to evaluate the issue at hand. This is a difficult task. But this kind of discernment is precisely what Jeff Wright calls for:.
The telos toward which an institution – private or governmental – is headed is immensely important to the world of political ideas. Libertarians, ever-so-concerned about the means, are not known for advocating a particular end or goal for humanity. Our attitude is briefly summed up as “live and let live.” Where is the telos in that?! Deeper reflection, however, shows that libertarians are concerned about ends as much as we are concerned about the means to those ends. We simply take another route to get there. We constantly evaluate the processes by which we interact with others and gauge those interactions by how peaceful they are. Not just the “without conflict” kind of peace, but eventually the kind of peace that unites us and leads to human flourishing. Is this just semantics? I don’t think so. The libertarian telos regards how we interact with one another of utmost importance. The Christian telos is shalom with God and neighbor, which does not demand a particular vision for the future, but a way of being in the world.
This is why the key to healthy political engagement begins by considering how the means to our ends affects us spiritually. In Wright’s words, we should discern to what ends our love is being directed. This consideration is crucial to the process of spiritual formation. We cannot compartmentalize spiritual formation to certain practices or to times of day, such as our morning Bible reading, praying at mealtime, or when we participate in official liturgies at church. All of life is spiritual formation. Those things toward which our hearts are inclined indicate the state of our spirituality. We mature as Christians when we consider our affections and evaluate them in light of Jesus Christ.
When we include politics in spiritual formation, we ask new questions about contemporary issues. We evaluate our personal and corporate decisions not just by the external outcomes they might produce but also the relational dynamics they might create. This means carefully considering the effects that our decisions might have on the world around us. Does this decision reconcile those at odds with one another? Does this solution proposed proposed create hostility? Are we creating a benefit to one group at the expense of another? If so, is it permanent? These questions are difficult to answer. Some are empirical questions that lend themselves to cost-benefit analyses. Others are simply a matter of asking how this affects us spiritually? We must recognize the spiritual effects of our habits on society. We must wrestle with the question, “What is this doing to us?” How am I treating all persons equally? Are we inclining our hearts toward love for our enemies? Does our heart seek to embrace those with whom we are at odds? As Christians, are we acting as “ministers of reconciliation” (2 Corinthians 5) as the Apostle Paul identifies us?
It is common to see politics as a collective effort to work together for the common good. To some extent this is accurate, though not quite as useful as we might like to think. As a group becomes larger the essence of true community diminishes. People working together to solve large problems is a good endeavor. We were made for community. But there is a fundamental difference between people working together toward a common goal and a political process through which we treat others’ resources for the agendas of our favorite politicians. Using the word “we” can be very tricky business!
Let us consider two specific solutions often proposed to solve societal problems:
“We should tax the wealthy.” Setting aside for a moment the ineffectiveness of this idea to successfully level the playing field and the aggression that such an action entails, we ought to consider what we are saying when we advocate for taxing somebody else. How does this incline our heart toward love? Does this attitude reflect our love for people or our lust for what they have that we wish to use? If we accept this as a legitimate role for government, do we diminish our ability to see the rich as individuals made in God’s image? Christian libertarians suggest that, in fact, taxation undermines human dignity and reflects a lack of respect for those taxed and even for those receiving the state benefit.
“We should secure the borders.” However we define “secure,” this statement is fraught with disheartening attitudes toward other human beings. What is it about those living on the other side of a geopolitical border that makes them a threat? Perhaps those most adamant should stand at the border and face a hungry child and say to her, “If I say yes to you, I will have to say yes to potential terrorists.” Is that too subjective an idea on which to base policy? Perhaps. However, if we are committed to spiritual formation, a certain element of subjectivity is involved in all decisions, try as we might to be as objective as possible.
The bottom line for spiritual formation in the world of politics is this: We cannot rely on our fear, anger, impatience, and anxiety to fuel political actions we are so eager to pursue. These are not the fruits of the Spirit. They undermine good outcomes from the start because they short-circuits healthy development. Fueled by the eagerness for immediate results, are we taking action at the risk and expense of unpredictable side effects that damage ourselves and others? Immediate action is sometimes warranted, but I would suggest they should only serve to buy us time to implement better solutions for the long term. Getting immediate results is not a litmus test for effectiveness or superiority. A child can tape the pieces of a broken cup together, but more work is needed to heal what was broken. Healing requires the appropriate tools in the right environment and a necessary amount of time.
Wright says, “How we engage politically shapes the inclinations of our hearts. It makes us a certain kind of person.” Despite the reputation of libertarians as ravenously greedy puppy-eaters who take no consideration for the plight of others, libertarians often start with the best premise: individuals ought to be free. If there is a problem, we will not accept a solution if people become unfree. It trumps the “us versus them” framework that so often results in marginalization. It is all-inclusive. It dignifies the marginalized not because of their plight but because they are human.
So what kind of libertarian are you? Is being free about protecting your own status, your own right to not be tread upon? It should be that, of course, but for Christians it must be more. Considering politics as spiritual formation should set our hearts to thinking about what it is we are doing to ourselves when we propose a way of being in the world. When we promote freedom for all, we promote a way of being human that shapes us spiritually into beings that honor, respect, and love others.
Everything is spiritual, including politics.As Skyrim turned out to be a massive success for Bethesda, expectations would naturally rise for its sequel, simply known as The Elder Scrolls 6 at this point. Now that Skyrim has been around for five, it should be about time for the next title to be in development, right?
Wrong. It appears that Bethesda is still iffy about the game, and there are a couple of reasons why. The first thing to blame is Fallout 4.
The developer is done with DLCs for the post-apocalyptic game, but is apparently clocking in the hours to get it to support VR.
The next reason is where Bethesda really gets itself stuck. According to Neurogadget, the company intends for Elder Scrolls 6 to have artificial intelligence, and can’t do anything right now due to the requisite tech being unavailable.
So while waiting for the tech world to make AI feasible for the game, Bethesda continues to work on other projects. Director Todd Howard did mention earlier this year that the company is aiming for some smaller budget releases in the near future, so it’s safe to assume that their hands are quite full at the moment.Fast Forex Profits In Hard Times: 9 Quick Fix Strategies
Looking at Fast Track to Forex Profits today, this is a new Forex robot that is being released to us by an unknown developer. The price for this system is $77
Fast Forex Profits | Fastforexprofits.com reviews and
Reviews for FastForexProfits.com. By traders, for traders.
Fast ForeX Profit PDF Karl Dittmann - PdfSR.com
Forex News Today - FX ,News and
fastforexprofit.com, الفوركس بالنسبة لك - Forex News Today
Fast FX Profit is a unique forex strategy. It does not require any indicators at all. It works on all pairs and almost all timeframes. It’s a secret that really
Fast Track To Forex Profits User Reviews « Top Forex Robot
2011-06-26 · 10 min posts to download the attachments rules. Non-constructive replies will be deleted. Too many posts in a short-time will result in temporary banning.
Final Review. Over the last couple of months I’ve been testing a Forex trading system called “Fast Forex Profits”. Using the charts provided by IG Index, I
forex fast profit - BEST FOREX EA’S | EXPERT ADVISORS
Fast Track To Forex Profits package from Bernard Davies and Paul Gray provides a complete step-by-step system for making daily profitable trades. One-to-one email
Fast Fx Profit Review - Scam or Legit Indicator? Truth
Karl Dittman Conclusion At this point in time I haven't come to a clear conclusion on whether or not I want to get involved with the Fast FX Profit. On the one
Is it possible for an amateur forex trader to make
In this article, we are going to look at how to trade currencies for bigger profits and if you want to become a successful currency trader from home, I will show you
Introduction to Fast Track To Forex Profits by Paul Gray
Forex Fast Profit EA Review - Get A Constant Income From This FX Expert Advisor And Forex Robot For The Metatrader 4 (MT4) Trading Platform
Super Fast Forex Indicator
Key Parameters. You now need a process to help you in judging whether or not the Forex Fast Profit Robot is a rewarding purchase. For instance, will it make you money?
Fast Track to Forex Profits - Forex Robot Nation
by Jeffery Wilde is a 100% mechanical forex trading system. The author claims that by using his system you will uncover hidden trade secrets.
How to Start Making Profit With Forex Trading - The Balance
Fast ForeX (FX) Profit PDF free download by Karl Dittmann.
Forex Fast Profit Review - Best Forex EA's | Expert
Results and performance of Forex Fast Profit - Real Account Aggressive set. Discuss, review, analyze and learn about Forex Fast Profit - Real Account Aggressive set.
Fast FX Profit | Forex Winners | Free Download
Fast FX Profit book download in PDF format. Feel free to get access to Karl Dittmann's guide because it shows the must powerful trend secret.
Forex Us - Sök Forex Us - Sök Snabbare, Bättre & Smartare!
This entry is reserved for our official review of Fast Track To Forex Profits. This is a forex product being sold on most likely Clickbank or Plimus for a TBA price.
Forex - Find Good Results Here - Search for Forex.
2014-11-11 · In this video I would like to introduce you to my home trading system, using a combination of indicators and unique entry and exit points, learn to trade
Download files - TraDownload
2017-02-17 · Fast Forex Profits In Hard Times: 9 Quick Fix Strategies To Make You Rich In An Up OR Down Economy - Kindle edition by Tim Clement, Liam Lupei. Download it
EZ FOREX PROFITS | Get Up To Date Fast
Fast FX Profit is a unique forex strategy. It does not require any indicators at all. It works on all pairs and almost all timeframes. It’s a secret that really
Fast Forex Profit trading system for Intraday trading
Read this full Fast FX Profit Review but it offers a secret trading method to generate more profits in Forex With Fast Fx Profits secret strategies you
Fast FX Profit Book PDF Free Download
forex trading,forexwinners.net,best forex indicators,mt4,free downlaod, trading systems , scalping , ,be a forex winner,mt4,free downlaod,forex winners , forex winnerPowder foundations
I previously had extremely oily skin so a long wearing powder foundation with full natural coverage was needed. Does a foundation like this even exist? Yes it does.
Mac Studio Fix Powder Foundation.
I am not a fan of Mac's liquid foundations, but the Studio Fix Powder Foundation is awesome if you need coverage and have combo or oily skin. This is great and I used it for years. Mac also have a "back to Mac" policy whereby if u return any six empty Mac containers (powder compacts, eyeshadow pots etc ) you will get a free lipstick. I absolutely love Mac lipstick. So getting a free lipstick of your choice was a bonus (excluding the Viva Glam collection). When I started using this foundation I did not have primer and setting sprays, so with these two products it will look even better and natural with no powdery finish. I wear the shade NC30 in winter and NC35 in summer. I also think this foundation is reasonably priced. Mac has a setting spray called "Mac Fix Plus" setting spray which is very popular but expensive, which can also be used to set this foundation if required.
Palladio Herbal Dual Wet n Dry Powder Foundation
So from the description is says that you can apply it wet or dry.
USE DRY FOR A SHEER NATURAL LOOK. I would personally use a Kabuki brush and only use the sponge included for on the go touch ups if I didn't want to carry an extra brush.
USE WET FOR MAXIMUM COVERAGE. The instructions on the box states : Wet sponge with water for oily skin or your favourite moisturiser for dry skin and apply for all day maximum coverage. I have not tried this method. Instead I take my Kabuki brush and swirl it in the powder., Then I spray the Kabuki brush with distilled water, then I apply it to my face. This method applies lovely without wetting the powder compact itself. You then swirl the brush back into the compact for more product and spray the Kabuki brush again and apply yo the other side of your face. Using this method gives me good coverage and I don't get the powdery look and it looks like satin on my skin. You can then leave the foundation as it is or set it with a setting spray.
If you have normal skin you might not need a setting spray since it was already applied with water which blended nicely into your skin already.
The only downside to this foundation is that's it has 8g of product and gets finished quickly.
The storage compartment for the sponge is bigger than it needs to be. But for the price, you can afford to repurchase as it does cost less and works better than most high end brands.
Estee Lauder Double Wear stay in place powder foundation
Other powder foundations I have tried include Clinique powder foundation and Kanebo powder foundation. I was colour matched incorrectly for the both these powder foundations so I gave them to a friend to use. The Kanebo powder foundation was awesome! Its a pity I was colour matched incorrectly. Besides being a gorgeous foundation, it comes in a refill container so you purchase the container once-off and only purchase the refill thereafter. The only reason I did not repurchase was because it is quite expensive. Also the packaging is really smart. Kanebo is sold at Dischem stores.
Applying powder foundation:
I once watched a You tube video where the instructor sprayed Mac's Fix Plus setting spray onto her face, then swirled her brush into the powder compact, then sprayed the brush with the powder on it. She then applied this all over her face. She finished off by setting her face / foundation with another spray of the Mac Fix Plus. This method gave her thecoverage she needed, made the powder adhere to the skin and took away that powdery look.
I decided to try this method but tweaked the application a little. The item I used where:
- Primer
- Kabuki brush
- Distilled or bottled water in a spray bottle
- Rosewater / Vitamin E spray / Mac Fix Plus Setting Spray.
All primers are different so use one that agrees with your skin.
I always use a kabuki brush to apply powder foundation. It gives more control and a precise application and more coverage when applied.
I always have a spray bottle with distilled or bottled water in it. After I swirl the powder in the compact I spray the kabuki brush with water, thereby dampening the powder, and then apply it to my skin. I continue with this until my entire face is covered in powder foundation.
I then choose whether I want to set the powder foundation further before applying blush although it is not necessary.
I would then spritz more distilled water over my face which just sets the powder and blends it into my skin. This is good for oily skin as you are not applying any foreign ingredients to your skin that may make you oily throughout the day.
I may choose to set the foundation with rosewater (without any glycerin) instead
On the days my skin is feeling dry, I set it with the Vitamin E spray I purchased form the Body Shop..
Your powder foundation will wear for a longer period without having to reapply.
Thanks for reading.
XoxoThis blog originally appeared on the She Takes on the World website – an awesome resource for passionate and entrepreneurial women!
In part 1 of my 2-part series on successful launch planning, we discussed the six key things to keep in mind when planning your launch year. In this installment, I am going to take you through the different types of launch frameworks, when to use them, and how to create your launch calendar.
So what are your main options when it comes to planning your launch calendar?
Typical launch frameworks:
- Once a year (annual) — One very big pre-launch and launch process with enrollment once-a-year only. The benefits of this framework are high urgency and exclusivity. However, this approach is not so great when you are starting out and your reach is limited. This framework works well for high-end mastermind programs and ePrograms once they have become highly sought-after and well known, such as Natalie’s Conquer Club.
- Twice a year (biannual) — Twice a year is a good strategy once you have gained momentum, have a proven program, and are doing reasonable-sized launches. It is also suitable if your eProgram duration is in on the longer end of the spectrum, such as 10-12 weeks, as it allows adequate time for planning and review and a proper launch process.
- Three times a year — This is a good strategy for a 6-8 week program. Running your program this regularly helps to build momentum over time without being flat out busy all year. You should see significant growth in enrollments over 12 months when running your eProgram this regularly; in fact, it’s what I recommend for the majority of my clients when they are starting out.
- Four times a year (Quarterly) — A quarterly approach is best for shorter ePrograms (around 4-6 weeks) and often suits moms in business who run their ePrograms during each school term or people whose ideal clients are moms. It does mean you are launching or running your program for almost the entire year and does not leave much time for reviewing and implementing improvements (or time off). I find that most clients who take this approach do it for around 12 months and then move to a less regular launch framework or set their program up as evergreen.
- Evergreen — Otherwise known as “enroll anytime,” your program is available throughout the year for purchase. However, this does not mean that you don’t need a launch calendar! Under this model you’ll need to have strategically planned promotions during the year such as a Christmas or New Year’s sale, price increase sale, Black Friday Sale (in the US), or other promotions relevant to your ideal customer and niche to drive sales.
So how should you actually plan your launch year?
- First, work through the questions that I laid out in part 1 of this series to get clear on the best times of year for you and your ideal clients.
- Second, review the launch frameworks above and decide how often you will launch.
- Now purchase a big calendar such this wall planner from Kikki-K.
- On the calendar, block out all your planned holidays using highlighters, whiteboard pens, or even colored sticky notes (use something that you can change easily as you will want to play around with dates).
- Next block out any time that is crazy-busy in your business such as tax time, seasonal peaks, or times of business travel and events.
- If you have kids and school holidays are an issue, block out these dates next.
- Then think about your ideal client and any time that is likely to be a bad time of year to launch or run your eProgram and consider blocking out these dates.
***By this stage, looking at your calendar you should give you a good sense of when your best times of year are to launch and run your eProgram.***
- Now plot out your live eProgram dates based on the launch framework you have chosen.
- Make sure you have allowed time before each program for your pre-launch and launch process (ideally 3-6 weeks).
- Try to allow time between each round to rest, review, plan, and implement improvements.
- Try to not have pre-launch & launch and program dates overlap (for example, promoting an eProgram while you have another running) as it’s best to be 100% focused on either promoting OR running your eProgram.
Don’t be surprised if it takes you a number of goes to decide on your final launch calendar. It will likely take some refining to find something you can live with.
It is also likely that it won’t be perfect. The aim is to plan out the best launch calendar possible to achieve your business goals, your desired lifestyle, your other commitments and your ideal client.
This blog originally appeared on the She Takes on the World website – an awesome resource for passionate and entrepreneurial women!
You might also like:You might also like:Finding the 'Happy Me' in Australia
Author : Nikhil R. S. , Postgraduate student , Edith Cowan University, Australia
Nikhil R. S. ,Postgraduate student Edith Cowan University, Australia
I was not even sure if I will get an admission in any of the Universities in Australia; whether I will get an educational loan to satisfy the financial criteria; after all, what if I get to manage everything, but at the end, my visa is rejected. It was scary, but, somewhere inside my heart, someone was telling me to go ahead with my dream and I knew that our life begins at the end of our comfort zone.
I started with IELTS Examination, which is mandatory for visa processing. Besides that, heaps of papers were also required from my end in order to fulfil the documentation criteria. Several times, I was stuck at mid way, but always I could feel the warmth of God's hands around me, which helped me repeatedly to move on. It was almost in mid of January, I applied for Student Visa with Edith Cowan University in Perth Australia. My heart used to tell me to be optimistic about the visa results though my mind was restless. Almost a month passed, still no response from the embassy. Unexpectedly, I got a beep on my phone on a fine evening. Here it is. I got the visa.
I was speechless for a moment. I felt so proud of myself and with the decision I took to go after my dreams. I overcame all the barriers and made it happen. I proved that my decision was correct. I booked tickets, packed my stuffs and all set to fly.
It was an afternoon when I landed in Perth. It was neither cold nor hot. I arranged a short-term accommodation at ECU Village until I get a proper place to stay. People over here are very friendly and supportive. They outlined me about the public transportation and how does it work. I started then itself to arrange a SIM card and some food to satisfy my hunger. The streets are well maintained and the services provided to public are mind blowing.
Apparently, in an Australian University, the professors teach only about the present world, not the theories or histories
Classes StartedThe Underboughs Hold Campaigns
Members of the Foot
Episode #7 Miscellany
Jan 24, 2010 – 8:11PM
Members of the Foot
1) Counter Pennylots, the Keykeep of Erindol Hold; Warehouse of the Sea Spider, Malic Erindol. Middle aged human midget, covered in chains attached to cannonballs to keep him from running off with a massive key ring necklace (He has a key for every lock within Malic’s Hold). Skilled administrator, accountant and language interpreter.
2) Trant Gahlvere: Self proclaimed “leader” of the foot. A true boob if ever there was one.
3) Nardred Guinire: He’s the one that leapt onto Counter’s chest to fill his pockets.
4) Moragis Garistam: Talks like John Wayne. The real “hero” of the Foot. He protected Egas by throwing himself in front of the old man when the swords came out. He is content to let Trant lead the group.
5) Bedeane Ectailys: A man of little words.
6) Blears Ectailys: The mouthpiece of the brothers grimm. Blears is the one that makes the decisions and Bedeane follows him almost mindlessly.
7) Sleepy Gaurd: This is the gaurd of Malic that fell asleep from Egas’ spell. He awakes and swears his allegiance to you all.
8) Captain Chicken Heart: He’s the one that gave up when he say Malic running away.
You guys can create additional characters as desired to fill the gaps in your “operations” within Nephythia, and can rename Sleepy Guard & Captain CHicken Heart as required (or run them through if you prefer).
IN addition to these fellows, you also gained:
1) The Soul Martyr: The ship of Mendican that the Foot stole for you as a sign of their worth.
2) The Four Ships: You have the “pink slips” to 4 ships owned by Malic, though you haven’t seen them yet.
3) Malic Erindols Warehouse
Do you claim the Pod Plant Warehouse or let it go unattended?(EnergyAsia, March 29 2011, Tuesday) — China National Offshore Oil Corp Ltd (CNOOC) said it achieved record oil and gas production as well as net profit for the year ended December 31 2010.
Its net production increased 44.4% year-on-year to reach 328.8 million barrels of oil equivalent (BOE), while its net profit grew 84.5% to RMB54.41 billion. (US$1=RMB6.56). Its oil and gas sales increased 77.7% yoy to reach RMB149.12 billion.
With basic earnings per share (EPS) reaching RMB1.22 in 2010, the Beijing-based company’s board has proposed a year-end dividend of HK$0.25 per share. Together with an interim dividend of HK$0.21 per share, the company will distribute a total dividend of HK$0.46 per share in the year. (US$1=HK$7.79).
CNOOC attributed its robust performance to strong growth in oil and gas production from both new and existing fields as well as from newly acquired projects, combined with high oil prices last year. Its average realised oil price increased 28% yoy to US$77.59 per barrel, and its average realised gas price rose 6.5% yoy to US$4.27 per thousand cubic feet.
Over the year, CNOOC also reported making 12 independent discoveries while successfully appraising 12 oil and gas structures in 18 wells in offshore China.
ignificantly, tThe company said its reserve replacement ratio for the year amounted to 202%, its highest since 2003.
In 2010, nine new projects started production including Bozhong 3-2, Bozhong 29-4, Bozhong 19-4, Caofeidian 18-1, Bozhong 26-3, Luda 32-2, Weizhou 11-1E, Weizhou 6-8, and Huizhou 25-3, with each field’s production meeting or exceeding expectations.
CNOOC said it actively implemented its value-driven mergers and acquisition (M&A) strategy, acquiring interests in Bridas Corp and Eagle Ford shale oil and gas project that allow the company to enter into the resource rich areas in South America and for the first time into the shale play in North America.
The company said its total capital expenditure decreased 18.8% to US$5.071 billion, attributing the drop to efficiency improvements and workload being postponed due to the weather constraints. US$2.429 billion was spent on development expenditure, US$1.111 billion on exploration, and US$1.437 billion on production. Its all-in cost increased 11.4% yoy to US$24.76 per BOE.
Yang Hua, CNOOC chief executive officer, said:
“In 2010, CNOOC Ltd recorded exciting results in production growth, reserve replacement and net profit, demonstrating the company’s outstanding operational and management capabilities. Although in the year, the pressure on cost inflation was still one of the steep challenges faced by the entire industry, we were able to maintain a competitive cost structure among the global peers by implementing stringent cost control measures.”
Fu Chengyu, CNOOC chairman, said:
“In 2010, I’m pleased that the company maintained its excellent profitability while achieving rapid growth. We are willing to share the benefits with our shareholders in dividends according to our established dividend policy.”The term standard is used loosely in the context of data usage and information security. We will discuss the frameworks being outlined in GDPR, NIST, ISO and CSA as well as the recent programs adopted in China and Singapore. From real-world examples, attendees will learn how to develop a program which will stand up under scrutiny and what common pitfalls to avoid.
Speaker
Movie: Sin City – A Dame To Kill For
Rating: 4 Stars (Out of 5)
Review: Sin City, as one character describes it, “Is a place where you go with your eyes open or you don’t come out at all”. To say it’s a dangerous place is to damn with faint praise. It always seems to be night time there, and it’s citizens are mostly corrupt, dangerous or both. But on the flip side, there are many pleasures to be had, if gambling, sex and perversity are your vices of choice.
There are three main story lines going on, with some aspects overlapping each other. There is Dwight (Josh Brolin), an unsavory private dick who takes pictures through peepholes and skylights to scratch out a living. To his dismay, he becomes reacquainted with the vampy Ava (former Bond girl Eva Green), who uses her wiles on Dwight to get his help. Then there is Johnny (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a young man on the prowl for excitement and a slick card player. But it is dangerous to cut cards in a backroom poker game with people like Senator Roarke (Powers Boothe). Finally there is stripper extraordinaire Nancy (Jessica Alba). She used to be an innocent exotic dancer who loved a cop named John Hartigan (Bruce Willis), but Hartigan died after snuffing out the evil son of Senator Roarke. Now Nancy still puts on a show and gives the sleazy denizens of her night club their cheap thrills, but she has lost all semblance of innocence. And then there is Marv (Mickey Rourke). He is Nancy’s protector, and if you’re smart, you don’t mess with Marv.
This is a high octane thrill ride chock full of violence and mayhem. Most of the color is leached out, except for certain instances of startling contrast such as Ava’s ruby red lips and laser green eyes. This is reminiscent of the 1940s film noir classics like Double Indemnity and Out of The Past, where men were quick with their fists and their gun, and the dames were just as tough. The film noir movies also had the gaudy patter and clever wise-cracks. They were modern version of Greek tragedies, where you knew things were not going to work out in the end. Yes, the film technique used in Sin City has the look and feel of a comic book, but it’s not animation. Just sit back and let this rip-roaring yarn grab you and take you along for the ride (possibly in the trunk of the car). It’s probably worth spending the extra three bucks for the 3D.
Guys – Jessica Alba’s last dance on stage is worth whatever you had to pay to get into the theater. Trust me.
Actors To Watch: Love that Jamie Chung; she does some serious sword-fu in the movie. Some other interesting cast members include Ray Liotta, Christopher Lloyd, and Lady Gaga.
Huh? What the ….: Still can’t figure out how Mickey Rourke changed so much physically since he began his career. And it has nothing to do with make-up….
Dialogue Nuggets: “She gave him a goodbye that will still hurt when he comes to.”
“She keeps talking. Like an idiot, I keep listening.”
“She repeats my name, like a chant to a dark god.”
“The pavement rushed up to give me a big, sloppy kiss.”
“You’d be better off dead, Johnny, but I like you just the way you are.”
“This rotten town. It soils everybody….”That ?
10 comments:
I am glad you sort of liked it!
I always enjoy a good book review, thanks so much!
Not ever been a Binchy fan but have been very curious about Dowling's novel. Your comments match those of other reader friends; so far no one has enjoyed it that I know so I will not bother myself with it. I am very far behind postng my book reads to my book blog, but if the snow continues here as it is this AM, I just might accomplish that this week. While in MS I met a new friend at Books A Million who so recommended "Roses" by Leila Meacham that I bought it. I usually do not read these type, but she was right, I loved it as she said do all other women who read it; ala Gone With the Wind in that it is a saga, about strong southern women & men. I recommend it even at 700 pages. Haven't read Archer in awhile, but do like his too.
Looks like a lot of good reading going on there ! Nothing like getting lost in a book ! Thanks for sharing . Talking about winter , we are in the midst of a winter storm a mix of everything and high winds and very cold , come on spring I say ! Have a good day !
I finished "A Casual Vacancy" and ultimately thought it was a good book. But it is hard leaving "Harry Potter" behind. I can't imagine how difficult it must have been for Rowling making that transition. Well...it's difficult for Harry Potter fans anyhow.
I enjoyed the book "Waiting For White Horses" by Nathan Jorgenson. Excerpt: Waiting for White Horses, set in the tall pines of northern Minnesota's spectacular lake country, is a story of trusted friendship, loss and recovery, love and redemption.
I have picked up the Maeve Benchley book in our local bookstore several times. Perhaps I need to actually buy and read it. I'm always interested in "new" authors and I haven't read anything by her before.
Hi B...My email has been goofed with and it would appear that I sent out 8 emails around 11:30 last night but I really didn't!! They all came back Daemon mail failure..just don't open anything that came from me today!!
All passwords have been changed, what a pain!!
Grace
Your reviews are a good read. I will probably skip all of these. I was really tempted by the Binchy one until I reached your conclusion.
Thank you for sharing your reviews. I was wondering how the book by J.K. Rowling would be. It sounds like from your review, that it isn't going to have the following that the Harry Potter books had.» Thu Jun 15, 2017 10:38 am
» Thu Jun 15, 2017 2:34 pm
» Sat Jun 17, 2017 5:14 am
» Mon Jun 19, 2017 2:41 pm
» Tue Jun 20, 2017 4:18 am
» Sat Aug 26, 2017 8:36 am
Return to General Discussion
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 0 guestsSailing the seven seas with your pooch is like the ultimate adventure. There’s no better way to just kick back and relax while spending uninterrupted time bonding with your family and pet.
But before you ride off footloose and fancy-free on your next boating expedition, here are a few tips The Barking Lot found to not only help ensure your dog’s safety but also make sure every aspect of your trip is smooth sailing for the whole family.
Does Your Dog Know How To Swim?
Was your pooch born with fins? According to Lindsey Wolko CEO of Center for Pet Safety, some pets instinctively know how to swim and others would rather stay home and choose the dog boarding option.
Try preparing your dog for the trip by doing mini swim lessons with him in a small pool. Make sure the water is no higher than the halfway point at your pet’s legs. If you’re not sure what to do, have your dog take lessons from a professional. Once he gets used to swimming in shallow waters, try adding more water to the pool.
Have a Plan In Case Your Pet Falls In the Water
Experts suggest mapping out a plan for the family to follow beforehand in case your dog falls from the boat. Do a practice run to make sure everyone knows what to do in the event of an accident.
Bring a Crate Onboard For Your Pet
Just like you, your dog will need some down time. In order to keep him safe while you’re resting, bring along a sturdy dog crate and place it in a shady area on the boat. Having a dog crate will give your dog a break from the hot sun, help prevent heat stroke and provide a cool, dry place to sleep.
Purchase a Life Jacket
There are some stores with dog supplies for sale that include life jackets, floats, and vests for your pet. And Terri Parrow Botsford, vice president of Internet operations for BoatUS, advises that it’s always good to have something to hold on to if you have to pull your pooch from the water. “Most life jackets have a handle so you can lift and pull them out. You don’t want to ever grab the collar,” says Botsford.
Don’t Forget the First Aid Kit
Your boat should be equipped with a first aid kit. If not, purchase one ahead of time. According to the Humane Society of the United States, there are specific pet products you’ll want to include. It’s also a good idea to bring along any medications your dog will need for the trip.
Familiarize Yourself with Local Laws
Some states have specific laws about dogs on boats. Research them prior to leaving so that you know what to expect. If you plan to tread international waters, foreign guidelines might vary from those in the states.Give
Online Giving
Fill out and submit this simple form to send a one-time gift or to setup recurring gifts. Thanks for your generous support of the mission, vision, and values of Grace Polaris Church!
Gift Planning
There are almost as many ways to give as there are needs to be met. Some planned gifts can be made immediately, some pay you income, still others make an impact after your lifetime. Explore our online resource to discover new ways to make a gift that also take into consideration your personal circumstances.They both go "rippit! rippit!" (and that's why ripping back your work is called "Frogging").
So I have good news and bad news today. The good news is that Canada Post apaprently makes deliveries on Sunday close to Christmas. I came home to find a package on my doorstep containing 10 balls of gorgeous!! City Tweed DK yarn. It's for a new design project that was accepted last week. I'm frankly shocked at the speed with which it came. I'm not casting on until after January 1, 2011, though. I have GOT to get these other projects finished first.
And therein comes the bad news. Have you ever had to rip back 100 rows of lace when you haven't used a lifeline? I made a HUMONGOUS mistake in my mother's sweater roughly 100 rows back. I noticed it in church (while the preacher was talking about a particularly sensitive topic) and almost started to cry right there. I bit back the tears, put the knitting down, and somehow made it through the next 30 minutes without crying.
I have to fix it, though. I've devoted this afternoon to ripping back to my mistake and fixing it. My fingers are crossed that the mistake is only 100 rows back, and not more than that.
I'm never knitting lace for anyone ever again.Maine Coon cat - Addiction - Relaxation and stress management. 1280x960 wallpapers for free download
1280x960 Android full size wallpaper for 640x960 Devices.
☰
Wallpapers
Download
Backgroud? Bacground? Backgound? Backgroun? Background! Walpaper? Walpapers? Wallpapers!
More photos:
White water sport
Lake Tahoe resorts. Emerald Bay. A view of Fannette Island in Emerald Bay, on the southwest side of Lake Tahoe.
Visit USA. Grand Prismatic Spring and Midway Geyser Basin. Yellowstone national park. Wyoming. USA tourism.
Lord Shiva
Oracle,.Watch out
August 31, 2015 1:27 pm
This has nothing to do with Real Estate but in a sense it does. Now that Schools are opening in many parts of our country this is a reminder...please watch out for children especially when driving through neighborhoods. The kids are excited about a new school year and may not be paying attention or looking before crossing the street. Our job is to watch out for them and their school bus.
If you live in a community with a college or university, the same thinking applies.
Thanks for helping to keep everyone safe!
MargotHere is another excerpt from Geneen Roth’s new book Women Food and God. I have ordered this book and am looking forward to its arrival. When I read the first paragraph of this section of her book entitled Being Hot Fudge Sundaes it reminded me of something I had written myself about being defined by numbers and yet how we are so much more than our physical bodies..”I will be conducting Folk Art Cake Painting - Pansies Workshop at CakeConnection Sdn Bhd , SS2, PJ on the 4/10/2014 (Sat) at 10 am - 1 pm. Price is RM 180 per person (includes tools and materials). If you have not registered yet call 03-7866 0102
Thursday, September 25, 2014
Sunday, September 21, 2014
Gumpaste flowers - Roses Workshop
Creative Cottage is holding a workshop session on Gumpaste flowers - Roses on 27/9/2014 (Sat) between 10.00 am - 5.00pm. Materials and tools will be made available for use in class. Price is RM 200 per person. Maximum students per session is only 2 persons. Please call 03-79555909 to register or enquire.
Posted by zahir_creativecottage at 8:31 PM
Saturday, September 20, 2014
Painting on fabric
A student learning to paint on fabric using acrylic paint with textile medium. It is all about bird park.
Posted by zahir_creativecottage at 6:56 PM
Wednesday, September 17, 2014
Majalah Keluarga Oct 2014 issue
Posted by zahir_creativecottage at 2:15 AM
Thursday, September 11, 2014
Majalah Keluarga - shooting for future issue
Yesterday did some photo shoot with Majalah Keluarga. Did five different crafts for their DIY section.
Posted by zahir_creativecottage at 1:13 AM
Tuesday, September 9, 2014
Decoupage on wooden tray
Student doing decoupage on wooden tray.....if you are interested to learn the same call 03-79555909 tmake your appointment.
Posted by zahir_creativecottage at 5:23 PM
Wednesday, September 3, 2014
Acar Ikan Masin
We have some stock of Acar Ikan Masin Kurau and Talang. If you are interested you can come and visit us at Creative Cottage, Amcorp Mall, PJ
Posted by zahir_creativecottage at 7:48 PM
SCIO — By tapping into the program’s traditional identity, Kyle Braa has transformed Scio High into a perennial football contender.
Braa, in his eighth season as head coach, is 78-16 overall with six league championships (two Tri-River Conference, four PacWest Conference) and a pair of 2A state titles. A prolific rushing attack coupled with a physical defense were the hallmarks of each team.
The formula hasn’t changed in 2017 as the top-seeded Loggers (9-1) prepare for Saturday’s matchup with No. 4 Cascade Christian (10-1) at Cottage Grove High in the 3A state semifinals. Kickoff is scheduled for noon with the winner advancing to meet No. 11 Rainier (9-2) or No. 2 Santiam Christian (9-2) in next week’s finals.
“It’s about all of my coaches,” said Braa, a 2001 Scio graduate who went on to play at Western Oregon. “We are all on the same page, we have the same vision and we know how we want to do things. It’s kind of a brotherhood here and we just understand the vision of Scio sports.”
The majority of Braa’s staff is comprised of fellow Scio alumni.
Assistant coaches Casey Childress and Jon Rounsavell graduated with Braa in 2001 while Matt Parazoo (class of 1994), Sam Gray (1997), Mike Ferguson (1999), Justin Guest (2011) and Harley Stephenson (2013) also attended Scio. Chad Peck and Will Baldwin have become adopted Loggers.
“It’s probably one of the best coaching staffs you could be around,” said senior Jake Lowther, the PacWest offensive lineman of the year. “They all work together real well so it makes us feel like we’re smarter even though we are just listening to them. Our coaches, they are just awesome from top to bottom.”
Added senior running back and defensive back Brody Foster: “At first I was a little intimidated because they are all bigger, serious guys. But now that I’ve been through the program, I wouldn’t have it any other way. They are guys that are very smart in football and they’ve put endless hours into it to help us out, especially around this time of the year.”
Braa’s initial stint as head coach lasted from 2007-10. The Loggers went 14-9 during his first two years before rattling off consecutive 14-0 records en route to the 2009 and 2010 2A state titles.
After walking away to focus on family and graduate school, Braa returned to the helm prior to the 2014 season. Jim Mask, Scio’s current athletic director, went 28-8 in Braa’s stead.
“My wife had our first kid, I had to go back and get my master’s and I was still the AD at the time. It just seemed really overwhelming trying to do all that,” Braa said of his decision to stop coaching. “So I stepped back, got my master’s done, my kid grew up a little bit and my wife was OK with me getting back into the deal.”
The Loggers have never missed the postseason under Braa, qualifying for six quarterfinals, five semifinals and two title games.
Braa credits the community’s youth programs for the varsity team’s consistency.
“We’ve had really good middle school coaching that’s helped with the fundamentals,” Braa said. “When kids come up to the high school level, I wouldn’t say that they’re ready for varsity football by any stretch, but they’ve got a good foundation, and that’s helped us a lot.”
Scio got off to a 6-0 start last fall and was poised for another deep playoff run before several injuries crippled its chances. The Loggers limped into the round of 16 and were routed by Cascade Christian, 49-0, to end the season.
The Challengers ran through the battered Loggers while quarterback Haiden Schaan, a two-time Southern Cascade League offensive player of the year, was effective in the passing game.
“I’ll never forget that loss,” Lowther said. “I don’t think we were even prepared for the week because we were so scrambled, trying to figure out who we were going to put where. Just no one was healthy and as much as you don’t want to use that as an excuse, that’s really what happened.”
Schaan is now a senior for the Challengers, who average a 3A-best 48.8 points per game. Cascade Christian’s defense gives up just 15.5 per contest.
Scio’s offense (44 points per game) and defense (16.8) have put up similar numbers this fall.
“They caught us at our worst moment last year, and we certainly remember the 49-0 game,” Braa said. “In addition to playing another week, that’s a bit of extra motivation.
“We are hitting our stride at the right time. I don’t know that we’ve peaked yet, hopefully that’s this weekend, but we are getting there and I don’t think there’s any question.Aranđelovac is a town 44.31° North, 20.57° East. It lies beneath the mountains Bukulja and Venčac, at about 255 metres (837 ft) above sea level, 75 kilometres (47 miles) away from Belgrade. Bukovička Banja Spa is located in the town. The town is situated in the Šumadijski okrug (Šumadija region) with the administrative center in Kragujevac. According to the most recent, 2011 census, there are 24,580 inhabitants in the town itself, while the whole municipality has a total of 46,079 inhabitants.
Most of the town territory used to belong to the village of Vrbica, today its suburb. Since duke Miloš Obrenović often resided in the Bukovička Banja, he decided to build a church in Vrbica in 1858 (one of his "repentance churches"), and dedicated it to St. Archangel Gabriel. The growing community surrounding the church was then proclaimed the town of Aranđelovac ("The town of Archangel (Angel)") by the power of duke's decree occupying major parts of territories of villages Vrbica and Bukovik.
Aranđelovac is well known for the springs of remedial mineral water, which were frequented by Dositej Obradović, a leader of the Serbian Enlightenment movement. grades for quality. Also,.
The Aranđelovac municipality area also bears historical importance. First Serbian Uprising against the Turks in 1804 started in the village of Orašac (6 km (3.73 mi) from the town). A complex in Marićevića Jaruga in Orašac memorizes the location where the rebellion started. February 15, the day of uprising, is celebrated as the day the modern Serbian state is founded.
10 km (6.21 mi) away from Aranđelovac is the accumulation Lake Garaši, Aranđelovac’s supply of water. The lake encompasses 65 ha, its deepest point is at 22 m, it is rich in fish and it is the town’s anglers favorite fishing location. Aranđelovac Museum[4] has a permanent exhibition of various items from the Neolith Risovačka Cave, which is located at the very entrance of the town.
Being a spa resort, tourism and hospitality industry is one of the main economy activity in the town. Arandjelovac has number of hotels, including Staro zdanje, Šumadija, and Izvor,[5] as well as many smaller boutique hotels, and guest houses. In addition the streets of town are littered with many cafés, bars, restaurants and shops. Rural and eco-tourism is also popular in the villages around the town.Category Archives: Movies/Television
Posted in Glendale News, Movies/Television Tagged ceo, Entertainment, latin, latino, Los Angeles, luis medina tenant spotlight, radio, telemundo, Television, uno productions, venezuela Leave a comment
Posted in Celebrity News, Hollywood News, Movies/Television Tagged 2016, academy award, award, best actor, best actress, creed, film, Leonardo DiCaprio, mad max, movie, Oscar, Oscars, sylvester stallone, The Academy Awards, the oscars, the revenant, tom hardy Leave a comment
>>IMAGEWael Al-Sayegh is an Emirati poet, athlete & SME Business Owner. While his occupation and passion focusses on Martial Arts and fitness, his heart lies in poetry, literature, art and music.
He owns his own martial arts & fitness academy in Dubai that is funded by the Sheikh Khalifa Fund for Enterprise Development and supported by the Mohammed Bin Rashid Establishment for Young Business Leaders.
He has done his Masters of Arts and is a Graduate of the University of Glasgow. Wael's Major inspiration's to poetry has been Nizar Qabbani, Charles Bukowski, Padlo Neruda, Rainer Maria Rilke, Khali Gibran and Jallah Aldeen Al Rumin.
Wael writes his poetry primarily in English as it provides him with a more open landscape in which to explore his unique style of expression.
His Poetry collection includes: A Poets Oud (English), I often wonder (English) There is an elephant in the mijlis (Arabic & English) Non Fiction: Essays of Geoff Thompson (Arabic)Toggle navigation
Passport ranking
Border ranking
'); document.write('
'); } //-->
Visa requirement to travel from Tajikistan to Argentina
Yes
Admission accepted ?
Visa required
Visa required ?
Check visa requirement for traveling from Argentina to Tajikistan !
Looking for embassy and consulates of Argentina in Tajikistan ?
Travel from Tajikistan to Argentina, Travel to Argentina from Tajikistan, Visit Argentina from Tajikistan, Holidays in Argentina for a national of Tajikistan, Vacation in Argentina for a citizen of Tajikistan, Going to Argentina from TajikistanI was one of the cycling geeks that headed out Thursday night to catch the premier of Race to the Sky: the Leadville 100. Besides being blown away from seeing mountain bikes on the big screen, it was great to see that even the best MTB’ers are human too.
When 6-time Leadville champion Dave Weins started walking up Powerline Hill, I knew there was hope for all of us. Then Chris Charmical from CTS came hiking up.
I am coached by CTS expert coach Josh Drake. Josh said that the guy right behind Chris “is an incredible climber, just a mountain goat.” And even he was walking.
And even despite the positively inhuman pace Lance Armstrong was laying down there were some tells that made even him look like the rest of us: shaking a numb hand, stretching out a crink in his back, and riding home on a squirrely flat. And who would have thought, Lance Armstrong, in the granny gear?
But my goodness can that boy go or what? He looked like a dragster out there.
Some other observations:
It looked cold but it must have felt even colder. I’ve started races below freezing on several occassions and you warm up quick…even wearing arm warmers can be too much after five minutes of race pace riding. But those riders never stripped down. Just think: 14,000 feet of climbing all above 10,000 feet with hail and rain…it must’ve been miserable. In other words, a cyclists dream.
Tinker Jaurez up at the front. Tink used to race down here in Florida in the winter. I’ve been passed by him and on one occassion his Cannondale broke down and I got to pass him. A former world champion and recent national champion being passed by America’s Slowest Rider. Who would have thought?
Lastly, the theater crowd gasping as the computer-generated race map started climbing Columbine Hill.
Anyway, if you get an opportunity to screen Race to the Sky, check it out, it’s fun.. Meet the members of the Family Advisory Council here.
Family Participants
- Robert Blomberg
- John Elliot
- Sharon Farber
- Adele Kellman
- Carol Lei
- Linda Woo-Lim
- Charlie Maguire
- Susan Matteucci
- Lyle McCarty
- Helen Bundy Medsger
- Pamela Roberts
- Suzanne Tay-Kelley
- Louise TilstonDiwali or Deepawali is the most celebrated and loved festival of India. The message of this festival, Diwali, is to light up the houses and lives of everyone. Diwali is celebrated with full joy, love and with happiness among all, especially kids just loves this festival for delicious sweets and fire crackers. No Festival in complete in India without the Sweets and this Article will show you the best sweets to share on this Diwali with your friends, relatives and special ones. The motive of this Article is not just to tell you the most preferred sweets on the Diwali, but also promote the happiness, love and Prosperity among the public.
1. Kaju Katli
Diwali is the most favorite and celebrated festival of India and there’s a big reason of sharing and getting delicious Kaju Katli’s on this auspicious day. We all love to eat delicious Kaju Katli’s and this sweet is preferred the most on this Occasion.
2. Mohanthal
This gram flour fudge is so delicious and mouth-watering that it’s difficult to resist yourself from eating again and again. Mohanthal is the finest sweet to give it to the relatives, friends and special people on this Diwali. It has the flavor of Cinnamon which makes its more delightful.
3. Badam Halwa/Barfi
Badam Barfi/Halwa is commonly loved by everyone and on Diwali, its undoubtedly favorite sweet of many. Badam Halwa/Barfi is loaded with khoya, milk, almonds and poppy seeds. If you are still thinking about what to give to your special ones on this Diwali, then you have the perfect choice of Badam Barfi in front of you.
4. Coconut Til Ladoo
Coconut Til Ladoo is the great mixture of coconut, sesame seeds and dates. This sweet is best to beat sweet cravings of anyone and it can be perfect sweets gift for special ones. This Ladoo’s are not just tasty, but it’s also something new for this Diwali. One must try Coconut Til Ladoo’s for the loved ones as well as for yourself too.
5. Shahi Tukda
This one is my personal favorite Diwali sweet. This Hyderabadi dessert is only called as Double ka Meetha. Give Shahi Tukda on this Diwali to your Loved ones and I can assure you that they will love it for sure. This Royal Mughalai Sweet is actually affluent with its essence, fragrance and taste.
6. Besan Ladoo
This gram flour Ladoo’s are not just tasty, but healthy too. Besan ke Ladoo is the perfect delight for this Diwali. It tastes simply delicious and mouth-watering. If you are confused in deciding what to give on this Diwali to your special ones, then Besan ka Ladoo is the perfect choice for you.
7. Patisa
Patisa are the unarguably the best sweets for any festivals. Don’t get confused with Soan Papdi as Patisa is not as fluffy or fibrous like it. Patisa has its original taste and it tastes heavenly good with dry fruits on it. Patisa’s are undoubtedly the best choice for the Diwali sharing sweets as it’s probably loved by everyone.
Happy Diwali Readers, wish this Diwali brings the all the joy, love and prosperity in your life.Masking and ghost stamping:
Well, i honestly didn't do either masking or "ghost stamping" on this project, but i was inspired by Jennifer McGuire's card which i can't show you since it's part of the class materials. I'll describe it instead :). It was a white snowy hills landscape with a gorgeous star filled sky that was done with distress inks and stamps. It reminded me of this card that I pinned recently so I went to work on my interpretation. I felt this endeavor was better suited for an art piece than a card (although one could argue that Jennifer's cards are art pieces in and of themselves!).
This Cincinnati skyline was created in Silhouette Studio software by my wonderful sister and it's taken from a photo she took while visiting for use on this scrapbook page. I'm not sure if that link will work. Anyhoo, I cut one from black paper and one from a grey to create the illusion of the buildings reflecting on the Ohio river. I inked the base piece with Worn Lipstick and Dusty Concord Distress inks and i flicked watered down Metallic Pearl paint to create stars...the cutout stars are backed with silver paper from Club Scrap's culinary kit and i spritzed the entire background w/Perfect Pearls & water.
For the transparency overlay, I just created that on my computer and printed it to fit. I think it will look quite nice hanging somewhere in my house for the holidays. I couldn't get rid of the glare for the photo :(.
WOW - that is amazing and will look fantastic displayed during the holidays!
This is lovely. It looks like a holy night in Cincinnati. Great concept. Good out of the box thinking.
O.M.G! This is jaw-dropping-amazing. I am so glad you made it an art piece and hope it will be hanging prominently where you can bask in it's fabulousness.Diego and Theodore "Teddy"'s Photo Album
About Diego and Theodore "Teddy"
- Diego is a 5 year, 10 mo. old Pekingese in Allen, TX
- Theodore "Teddy" is a 4 year, 11 mo. old Labrador Retriever in Allen, TX
Photos
Diego and Theodore "Teddy"'s Owner
More Details
About Diego
Diego is a 27 pound Pekingese/poodle mix. He loves playing with both small and large dogs. He likes to play with his 5 pound friends as well as his 100 pound friends.
- Sex: Male
- Age: 5 years, 10 mo. old
- Weight: 27lbs
- Breed: Pekingese
- Tracking Chip: Yes
- Neutered: True
- House Trained: Yes
He is let outside very often!
- Gets along with children: Yes
- Gets along with other dogs: Yes
Gets along with all dogs. Knows when to play and sleep. Also loves big dogs! He loves playing with anywhere from 5 pound dog s all the way up to 120 pound dogs
- Gets along with cats: Yes
He wasn't raised with another cat as a puppy. He is not mean to them
About Theodore "Teddy"
Ted is a huge animal and people lover. He loves to play but also loves his sleep. He gets along with all dogs including small puppies. He is not aggressive whatsoever and does not play rough. He is neutered and up to date on all of his shots. Sweetest dog ever!
- Sex: Male
- Age: 4 years, 11 mo. old
- Weight: 80lbs
- Breed: Labrador Retriever
- Tracking Chip: No
- Neutered: True
- House Trained: Yes
- Gets along with children: Yes
- Gets along with other dogs: Yes
- Gets along with cats: YesHow do I transfer a voice memo file, that is too large to email or text, from my iphone to my PC. In itunes I can select it and click copy but cannot paste it into a directory in windows explorer to get it to my PC. With or without itunes the iphone shows up in explorer - but all that shows are the picture and video files.
A few promising links here:...
Nothing in the link was helpful. Most said to use email or MMS.I found a procedure that gets the voice memos into a directory under itunes in c:documents and settings\...\itunes media\voice memos. That's fine. However, I can't copy that file anywhere. I get some kind msg re access denied, disk full or file in use.
Try DiskAid -
I looked at quite a few of those links, and they seemed helpful. The one referencing Syncios seemed promising.
Want more from Genius Kitchen?
Watch on your Apple TV, Roku, or Fire TV and your iOS, Fire, or Android device.Learn More
“A quick dinner that I put together tonight. Super easy and tasty too! Enjoy!”
Nif's Bacon-Topped Moist Meatloaf Muffins
4 recipe photos
Ingredients Nutrition
- 2 lbs lean ground beef
- 1 egg
- 1⁄2 cup breadcrumbs
- 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
- 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar
- 2 teaspoons mrs. dash original seasoning (or any dried herb)
- 1⁄2 teaspoon black pepper, freshly ground
- 2 green onions, thinly sliced (including whites)
- 1⁄4 cup carrot, grated
- 3 slices bacon, each cut into 4 pieces
Directions
-.
-
get the genius kitchen app.
Watch on your iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Android, Roku, or Fire TV.Learn More
Nif's Bacon-Topped Moist Meatloaf MuffinsTacoma dental assisting, dental assisting, for example, you may gain an advantage in corporate job recruiting on-campus. Check with the dentistry department for course registration deadlines, and dental assistant program requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for Tacoma Howard Community College forestry classes CLINICAL COORDINATOR
Mount Sinai Health System
Being a member of our nursing team at the Mount Sinai Health System is truly a badge of honor. Our nursing professionals provide leadership in a stimulating..
5 hours ago Staff Pharmacist
Dearborn County Hospital
Provides a center for clinical expertise and answers drug therapy questions that arise from the usual medical care of patients at the Hospital and for the..
5. St..
3 hours ago CNA - 3rd Shift (Full Time)
Sunrise Senior Living
At Sunrise, our Designated Nursing Assistant/Certified Nursing Assistant (C.N.A) is responsible for providing direct resident care including nursing/clinical..
4 hours agoShasta LoFlyte update: Baby steps new full-size futon mattress in the rear bed area. (Sorry, I only have a camera phone pic for now.)
At some point soon I’d like to add this cover to it in order to bring more color into the scheme:
Source: tonicliving.com via Alana on Pinterest
BUT WAIT! I have an incredibly cool story to tell you. So I’ve been posting here and there on this blog and others as well as message boards as I try to learn more about the camper. I even started a site dedicated just to Shasta LoFlytes so I can put everything I find in one place for anyone else who comes along after like a good little Scout. One day after putting up a post about my progress, I got the nicest email from a lovely gal named Dana. She shared some pics of her Shasta fixer-upper and noted that I don’t have the gas light over the stove area. She said she had one but was going to remove it so she could do something creative on that wall and asked if I would like it!
Can you believe it? What an incredibly gracious gesture from a stranger. Who knows how long it would have taken to find one on my own? I need to pick out something from Bluebird Goods to send as a thank you. Any ideas?
*NEW ON KITSCHY KITTEN
Don’t always make it to KitschyKitten.com? We’ll come to you! Don’t miss a post.
4 Comments
Sherri Niemeyer
May 16, 2011 at 5:55 pm
Alana Waters Piper
May 16, 2011 at 8:15 pm
Teresa
May 17, 2011 at 9:48 am
Patty
May 18, 2011 at 2:10 pm
Hi Alana! I love your before/after photos. I’m sister #1216 and have a 1964 Shasta Airflyte in production. Keep the creativity flowing! All the best from Central Oregon.
Thank you so much, Sherri!
I used your cushion fabric as curtains only in orange and pink…love it!
How sweet is that? Isn’t it nice when something works out like that? Congrats! Love that fabric btw.
Private growth indicates accepting and enticing change.
N'Appuyez Pas Sur Le Bouton Rouge Index du Forum
»
Association "N'Appuyez Pas Sur Le Bouton Rouge"
»
Vie de l'association
Sujet précédent
Sujet suivant
Private growth indicates accepting and enticing change.
Auteur
napalily
Hors ligne
Inscrit le: 06 Nov 2017
Messages: 90
Private growth indicates accepting and enticing change.
Publicité
Supprimer les publicités ?
Diverse sorts of handbags and small cross body purse discover their way into the business nowadays. Ladies love to explore the choices offered to them. On the other hand
Matt Bonner Spurs Jersey
, on the off chance that you are somebody who needs to have an impeccable closet, there are a few items that you must possess one of which is undoubtedly cross body bags.
Oilcloth small cross body purse
Bags with the oilcloth fabric have been the present eras' most-supported bags ever created. Their sheer material and gleaming appearance have taken the female group by love. The absolute most celebrated plans are Blind, Zigzag, flower designs
Marco Belinelli Spurs Jersey
, and so on. The standard size of a tote bag and the comfort of a simple to-convey cross shoulder alternative makes these oilcloths cross shoulder bag a totally remarkable item. They are accessible in each size and you can without much of a stretch discover a plan that can run impeccably with your outfit.
Vintage small cross body purse
Vintage implies durable. This component is reflected plainly when you see a vintage bag. A good vintage cross body bag will for the most part be dark black or royal brown in color. They offer a simple design and more simple color.
In spite of the fact that you will locate a tremendous likeness between oilcloth cross body bags and vintage bags, the distinction lies in the fabrics.
Leather small cross body purse
Without leather, no closet is ever finished, be it a coat
Manu Ginobili Spurs Jersey
, belt, or a women bag. The thing with leather bags is they are a flawless thing for each season. The material is sufficiently solid to carry even the heaviest things and design is an extraordinary beauty. Accessible in rough dark, beige, blue
LaMarcus Aldridge Spurs Jersey
, dim chestnut and dull navy blue, the hues are one of a kind in them. You would once in a while discover a bag that may have shading like leather. The leather changes the vibe, as well as the way it shows up.
Print small cross body purse
Small cross body purse one is for the woman who loves exploring bags regarding their outfits every once in a while. The truth of the matter is print cross body bags are a blend of chic, tasteful
Kyle Anderson Spurs Jersey
, and bohemian. There is a wide mixed bag of plans to look over and you can actually group any outfit with it to get the best general appearance.
Better ways to enhance your cv Treasure Ponti
Submitted 2014-01-04 09:05:42
Kawhi Leonard Spurs Jersey
, consequently people who wish to attain a college degree while operating and earning face a genuine issue through and have a lot of problems,
Jimmer Fredette Spurs Jersey
, Stop avoiding the gun range simply because you feel too shameful to use low recoil frangible projectiles. Turns o.
Cheap Jerseys
Cheap NFL Jerseys
Wholesale Jerseys
Cheap Jerseys Free Shipping
Wholesale Jerseys
Wholesale Nike NFL Jerseys
Wholesale Soccer Jerseys From China
Cheap NFL Jerseys
Cheap Jerseys From China
Wholesale NBA Jerseys
Lun 8 Jan 2018 - 05:38
Contenu Sponsorisé
Private growth indicates accepting and enticingInternet Moving Very Slow Loading
You may need to remove it, scrape away the old thermal gel that makes contact with the processor, then apply a very thin coat of fresh thermal gel on the surface FrazzaJFeb 2, 2014, 5:44 AM haha ye its a pain in the ass Someone SomewhereFeb 2, 2014, 5:48 AM Yeah, this was a damn fast moving thread.Other thing is that the If a service is configured as "disabled," it cannot be started automatically or manually. Advertisement Sponsored Most ISPs won't want to send someone to your home without a little technical support, so pick a time where you can spare 30 minutes to unplug your modem,
If you only want BitTorrent running while you're at work, you can limit its activity (or stop it altogether) by setting a bandwidth schedule in your client's preferences. Either disable the connection feature inside the options of the software program, or consult the software vendor's support website for a solution. To completely remove an entry from its' list you have to edit the registry, or use a third-party tool like Msconfig Cleanup Utility or a startup manager.Msconfig allows malware related items In the Check Disk dialog box, select the "Scan for and attempt recovery of bad sectors check box, click "Start" and have it repair anything it finds.
Why Is My Internet So Slow All Of A Sudden
I have an edit pending to add a link to for win10 in both articles. Not only will this ensure that you have the most recent performance tweaks, it also ensures that you have the latest fixes for any security issues.You can check the version of iOS you In this case, rebooting the iPad is the best recourse.
In the next screen, tap the on/off slider at the top of the screen.Clear Storage SpaceIf you are running desperately low on storage space, clearing up a little extra elbow room In Windows, search for and open Bing.com. scoobidiver 20-06-2011 12:56 AM Mark as Read Mark as New Bookmark Highlight Print Email to a Friend Report abuse 20-06-2011 12:56 AM Sorry for the late answer but this forum wasn't Why Is The Internet So Slow Today Windows Memory management was designed to make the best use of RAM and these memory management utilities defeat that purpose.
Regaining computer hard drive space. Why Is My Internet So Slow On My Phone You have charter? Reports: · Posted 5 years ago Top TechTard Posts: 8 This post has been reported. You can cancel after a minute or two so you can get a pretty good idea on the average speed.I am at a loss after this however, I would suggest calling
Update your drivers Make sure you have the latest drivers for your computer hardware, especially the latest video drivers. Why Is My Internet So Slow At Night In that case, it's time to optimize your web for a slower connection: use mobile or HTML versions of your favorite sites, disable images, and use features like Opera Turbo. Slow Internet: Another reason to work at the Coffee Shop Slow Internet: Another reason to work at the Coffee Shop Slow Internet: Another reason to work at the… I know we’ve Reports: · Posted 5 years ago Top Budohorseman Posts: 847 This post has been reported.
Why Is My Internet So Slow On My Phone
I want to thank you all though for helping me out with this problem. It's probably time to upgrade your router if you have a faster connection.Before you assume you aren't getting the speeds you pay for, make sure your expectations are correct. Why Is My Internet So Slow All Of A Sudden Click Next . Why Is My Internet So Slow On My Iphone ideato 27-11-2015 09:36 AM Mark as Read Mark as New Bookmark Highlight Print Email to a Friend Report abuse 27-11-2015 09:36 AM AliceWyman said I got a PM that the tenforums
Unfortunately, routers often don't fail by completely dying. I usually just reset the router or managed switch. Make sure you recognize the lights on your internet equipment. HP Customer Support Z7_3054ICK0KGTE30AQO5O3KA30U7 hp-contact-secondary-navigation-portlet Actions ${title} Loading... How To Fix Slow Internet
Can you check it now? You can delete all files found in this folder and, if any files are in use and cannot be deleted, they can be skipped. Click the General tab, then in the Browsing history area, click Delete . The Tracking Protection in Firefox article was archived, most likely by Joni because of the new Tracking Protection in Private Browsing feature in Firefox 42.
Figure : Confirm the reset On the Reset Internet Explorer Settings window, click the Close button after all of the Internet Explorer settings have been reset. Internet Slow Today Why Is Wi-Fi Coverage So Bad in My House, and How Can I Fix It? Get the answer icraftFeb 2, 2014, 4:28 AM Extremely creepy.
Photo remixed from Kirill__M (Shutterstock). How Can I Deal With a Slow Internet Connection?
Figure : Show All add-ons selection in the Toolbars and Extensions window In the Manage Add-ons window, select add-ons that are enabled, and then click the Disable button in the lower Try this, Stop Limewire on all computers in your home, waite tem minutes or so, then check your internet connection. Search for and open Internet Options . Why Is My Wifi So Slow All Of A Sudden If the computer stops responding or performance becomes poor, disable or modify how the programs on your computer access the Internet.
Please re-enable javascript to access full functionality. It might be your Wi-Fi network. Which Windows Services Can You Safely Disable? - Disabling Services? Many people believe the iPad powers down when the Sleep/Wake button at the top of the iPad is pressed down or when the flap of their Smart Cover or Smart Case
More resources See also WiFi connected but internet not working/extremely slow on one computer only Internet speed suddenly slow on a single computer. Then click the Network Speed Test app in the search results.Simple Facts About Hard Drive Shredding You Probably Didn’t Know
Data thieves will take every opportunity to get hold of confidential data, so you can imagine a thief’s delight at finding an unwanted hard drive. If you’re wondering how best to dispose of your superseded or damaged hard drives, read on for simple facts about hard drive shredding.
- More than 41 million Americans have been the victims of identity theft. Hard drive shredding renders confidential data completely irretrievable, actively reducing the chances of identity theft.
- Hard drive shredding is environmentally friendly. Much of the residue from shredded media can be recycled, and hard drive shredding also protects the environment from hazardous chemicals including mercury, cadmium, and lead, that could otherwise have leaked out of a discarded hard drive.
- The best shredding companies will come to you. Some people dismiss the idea of hard drive shredding, worried about chain of custody issues. But your hard drives never have to leave your sight or your place of business. Mobile shredding services mean that the shredding can occur at a time and location that suits you.
- By 2027, an estimated 44 million televisions and computers will have been discarded. Left unshredded, the discarded technology could exceed 180,000 tonnes.
There is a lot more to hard drive shredding than most people know. Please comment and share if you learned something today!Lester Nace
He was born in Harrisburg on November 30, 1935 and was the son of the late Charles F. and Margaret C. Hardy Nace.
He was a retired maintenance employee at the former Jackson Manufacturing Company, Harrisburg, and was a former member of Valley Baptist Church, Middletown.
He is survived by his loving wife of 54 years Margaret F. “Peggy” Briner Nace; three daughters Leslie A. (Jeffrey) Mays of Chambersburg, Loretta M. (Kenneth) Imler of Middletown, and Loraine C. (Charlie) Crumlich of Middletown; sister Anna McMurray of Mechanicsburg; brother John Nace of New Cumberland; five grandchildren; and five great-grandchildren.
A Tribute to his life was held on Tuesday at the Frank E. Matinchek and Daughter Funeral Home and Cremation Services, Inc., Middletown, with the Rev. Jerry Cowan officiating.
Burial was in Blue Ridge Memorial Gardens, Harrisburg.
Memorial contributions may be made to Hospice of Central PA, 1513 Cedar Cliff Dr., Suite 100, Camp Hill, PA 17011.
Condolences may be sent online at.
KEVIN KING, PLAINTIFF,v.SAN JOAQUIN COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT, ET AL., DEFENDANTS.
FINDINGS & RECOMMENDATIONS
Plaintiff is a state prison inmate proceeding pro se with a civil rights action under 42 U.S.C. § 1983. He alleges he was injured when a San Joaquin County Sheriff's prisoner transport van not equipped with seatbelts hit a curb and then braked abruptly. He also alleges that although he requested medical treatment at the scene, no one responded to his request. Defendants have filed a motion for summary judgment. 20,).
II. Preliminary Matters
In support of their motion, defendants have submitted excerpts of plaintiff's deposition and medical records from Deuel Vocational Institution (DVI), with counsel's declaration averring that the materials are true and correct copies of the deposition and the records. This presentation is insufficient to satisfy the Federal Rules of Evidence.
A court may consider only admissible evidence in ruling on a motion for); cf. Canada v. Blain's Helicopters, Inc., 831 F.2d 920, 925 (9th Cir.1987) (unauthenticated documentsYup, you've heard it right. This piece of news is spreading like wildfire in the internet now. The likes of Wolverine, Spiderman, The Hulk, The Punisher and the rest of the superheroes are gonna join the ranks of Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy and the lot! Is it a good thing? I don't know....Possible cross-overs? Scary!!!! LOL.
The Walt Disney Co. had announced on Monday that it has agreed to purchase comic book and action hero company Marvel Entertainment for about $4 billion. Wow! Way to go Stan Lee!!! What a way to earn quick bucks!!! Heheh, I guess that's business.
On the business side,. This is an excellent opportunity for Marvel to build upon its well-known brand and character properties by riding on Disney’s tremendous global organization and infrastructure around the world.
Marvel will now join the likes of their biggest rival, DC Comics who themselves, were acquired by Warner Bros in the late 60s.
Marvel will now join the likes of their biggest rival, DC Comics who themselves, were acquired by Warner Bros in the late 60s.
4 Comments:
Not surprising for big organisations to acquire other companies that have lots of "potential" nowaday :P
then.. spider-man = spider-mouse.. goofy = wolverine.. haha. :P
Yup, Des...agree with you...welcome to the world of corporates! :p
Mental>> Please don't let Spidey and Wolvie be in Disney worlds handing out candies and balloons to visitors! :p
Miley Cyrus as Elektra,
Jonas Brothers as X-Men,
and Britney Spears as anything-that-show-her-sexy-abs?
Sound oddly interesting.
maybe i'm just a kid that never grow up. hahahaPhone: 559-595-7220 ext. 521
Degrees and Certifications:
Single Subject Teaching Credential-Clear Received on 6/09/2015 Bachelors Degree in Business with an Option in Marketing
Mrs. Warkentin
I am a graduate of Dinuba High School (Class of 2001) and I am honored to be back at my alma mater. I teach the Freshmen Computer Application course where we teach students how to type by touch, some of the basics of Microsoft Office, and tools for high school success.
My Classroom Expectations:
Be on time, be prepared, be respectful, show respect to all.
Keep food, candy, gum, drinks out of the classroom.
Give full attention during lessons
Stay off of computer games, internet, and phone or it may result in a step
Before leaving class you must log out properly and push in your chair.MKTG 3176 Special Topics:Marketing Planning (Fall/Spring: 3 )
Course Description
Most important decisions made by marketing executives involve aspects of strategic marketing planning. In this course students will learn key aspects of marketing planning and marketing strategy development and execution. They will be required to develop and implement a marketing plan for a large business enterprise, which will include: 1) establishing objectives based on anticipated environmental conditions and existing organizational constraints, 2) conducting critical analysis to determine appropriate strategic directions, and 3) developing a marketing strategy to achieve these objectives. Students will study successful marketing plan implementations through specific case studies and lecture. Class is limited to 19 students.
Instructor(s): Maria Sannella
Last Updated: 17-Feb-14StudyMode - Premium and Free Essays, Term Papers & Book Notes
Essays
Resource Center
Products
Essays
About
Company
Legal
Advertise
©2018 mckennaberghomes.com
Essays
Entertainment
Music
Music industry
Music industry Essays & Research Papers
Best Music industry Essays
Music Industry - 2663 Words
Introduction The goal of Group 4 is to analyse and explore the operations of Spotify.com. Our objective is to get an better understanding of Spotify’s information systems, and how they use this information to better understand the wants and needs of their customers. Our group is then going to assess the company’s production. Using the tools we have gained from MIS, we are going to attempt to find ways in which to improve customer relations, advertisement, and overall productivity...
2,663 Words | 8 Pages
music industry - 2172 Words
People...
2,172 Words | 6 Pages
Music Industry and Digital Music
esonic: Strategic Analysis Yerheem Cha● Beth Jones ●Seetal Patel ●Erik Pickard ●Mike White University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign Institute of Labor and Industrial Relations September 2005 ♦Executive Summary♦ In an attempt to reap the potential profits of the emerging online music industry, Sonic Records has established esonic, a subsidiary exclusively designed to serve as an online music store. In the wake of mounting...
5,317 Words | 17 Pages
Music Industry - 385 Words
Is the Music Industry Flourishing or Struggling? Argument & Communication Assignment 2 According to the article, “Having a ball; what’s working in music”, despite the fear that the music industry is at a loss through increased piracy, it is actually flourishing (Anonymous, 2010, para. 4). The article states “Between 1999 and 2009 concert-ticket sales in America tripled in value, from $1.5 billion to $4.6 billion” (Anonymous, 2010, para. 5) which indicates increased popularity of live...
385 Words | 2 Pages
All Music industry Essays
Music Industry - 6555 Words
CHAPTER I INTRODUCTION Background of the Study The Filipinos dedication and love to music started during pre-Hispanic period. Early Filipinos love to express themselves through ethnic musical instruments. These early settlers played diversity of musical instruments which includes flutes, nose flutes, gong and guitar to play appropriate songs in commemoration of courtship, marriage, and harvest. Even during the hardest time of Philippine revolution when we were invaded by several...
6,555 Words | 18 Pages
The finding themselves with rapidly decreasing revenues and company structures which no longer provide profitability. A brief analysis of the external strategic factors affecting the Warner Music Group has revealed...
2,225 Words | 7 Pages
The Sound and Music Industry - 15516 Words
ASSIGNMENT TITLE: The...
15,516 Words | 41 Pages
sound and music industry - 1569 Words
Unit 39 – The sound and music industry – task1 Introduction: Music industry has four areas. The different roles and jobs are link to the different areas of music industry. People need to sign the contracts and every areas of music industry have different content of contracts. People or companies have copyright. Licensing and copyright are very important in music industry. P1 Describe four areas of the music industry. 1. Music publishing In the music industry a music publisher or...
1,569 Words | 6 Pages
Success in the Music Industry - 2068 Words a...
2,068 Words | 5 Pages
The technology impacts on music industry more popular comparing to others. Although the mainstream of production...
1,892 Words | 6 Pages
The Internet's Effect on the Music Industry
The Internet’s Effect on the Music Industry The...
2,401 Words | 7 Pages
Online Music Industry - 1561 Words
Case 2- Emerging industries Online music industry – iTunes and Spotify Table of Contents Introduction 1 iTunes 2 Spotify 2 Why are iTunes and Spotify so popular? 4 Critique 4 Sources 5,...
1,561 Words | 4 Pages
Who Manipulates the Music Industry?
When a song gains widespread popularity, there is typically little inquiry regarding why the song successfully hit the mainstream charts. The general public normally assumes that the song possesses general qualities that somehow merit noticeable recognition. Some listeners might point out that the song became a hit because of its good rhythm, while others will claim that it was due to its melody. In reality, however, this might not necessarily be the case. For every song that becomes a...
2,421 Words | 7 Pages
Music Industry, Five Forces.. Secondly I will by use of Porter’s five forces explain the pattern of this. Very few big record companies heavily control the music industry....
1,459 Words | 5 Pages
Music Recording Industry - 1991 Words...
1,991 Words | 6 Pages
Music Radio And The Record Industry
Popular Music and Society Vol. 34, No. 4, October 2011, pp. 455–473 Music Radio and the Record Industry: Songs, Sounds, and Power J. Mark Percival The nature of the economic, social, and cultural relations between the radio industry and the record industry is most often characterized by both academics and practitioners as symbiotic, that is, both parties benefit from the interaction. Music radio needs records to fill airtime and to attract audiences and the record industry needs the kind of...
10,195 Words | 30 Pages
Music Industry Financials - 2226 Words
TASK 1 Marginal costing is a traditional financial technique which is used by companies for short term decision making within the music & entertainment industry. The concept of marginal costing is concerned with the treatment of fixed costs and the relationship that exists between sales, variable costs and contribution. This technique is often used by record labels to estimate the costs which they will incur & profits they will earn per unit which is manufactured and sold. Cost...
2,226 Words | 7 Pages
Globalization in the Music industry - 1304 Words...
1,304 Words | 4 Pages
Music Industry: Written Report
[pic] Music Industry Assignment 2 (of 2) Level 6 - Semester 1 2012/13 Module Leader: Justin More...
1,603 Words | 7 Pages
Money Within The Music Industry
Money Within The Music Industry Since the beginning of time, our human nature drives us to find beauty. different products and jobs, our economy would dramatically change without the...
2,918 Words | 8 Pages
The Changing Nature of Music Industry
BOX 1. 5 (3rd Edition) Case 1.1 (4th Edition) THE CHANGING NATURE OF THE MUSIC INDUSTRY Amazon.com or CD-Now or 100 other...
1,287 Words | 4 Pages
An Exam On The Music Industry - 1810 Words
Midterm Exam Music Industry II Jordan Meisles If I were to be hired as the new event coordinator at the Buskirk-Chumley Theater, it would be of great importance to draw in crowds to make the theater a credible and desirable place for touring artists. There are many steps that would have to be implemented in order to make the theater more popular to artists and audiences alike. Especially when it comes down to bringing in audiences from outside of Bloomington, there has to be a drawing...
1,810 Words | 5 Pages
Music Industry Analysis - 494 Words
Music Industry Analysis For most, it seems like a pretty bad time to be part of the music industry. Something that the music industry can do to find a way to increase profits would be to find a new way to develop new artists. Everyone is scared that when everyone is getting all these songs for free, it is the beginning of the end of the music industry and that the sky is falling. People from the music industry say they are losing money, but what really is happening is that when...
494 Words | 2 Pages
Analysis of the Music Industry - 30012 Words...
30,012 Words | 87 Pages
The Music Industry in the Digital Age
The Music Industry in a Digital Age Table of Contents * Report Justification * Summary * Introduction * Main Body * Conclusion * Bibliography Report Justification As multimedia students we have become accustom to the changing technology around us. We are always at the forefront of fads and changes. In terms of music most people carry around with them an ipod or some form of mp3 player. In 2006 46.6 million ipods alone were sold by Apple. In the same...
2,777 Words | 9 Pages
Globalization of Malaysian Music Industry
Globalization of Malaysian Music Industry We live in a globalised world. Boundaries and differences are becoming increasingly blurred as globalisation takes over the course of human development. With the aid of information technology, we have become ever so advanced in many aspects beyond past generations. Thanks to the unlimited opportunities emerged from globalisation, we can have more frequent exchanging of ideas, trade, culture, education and so on, between a country and the rest of the...
1,827 Words | 5 Pages
Internet and the Music Industry - 1099 Words...
1,099 Words | 3 Pages
Media- Music Industry Essay
Media Production is dominated by global institutions which sell their products and services to a national audience. How far do you agree? The music industry was previously owned by ‘The big four’: EMI, Sony Music Entertainers, Warner and Universal Music Group. However, due to the increase in popularity of indie labels, ‘The big four’ has now turned in to ‘The big three’, as EMI sold to Vivendi, who owns the Universal Music Group. ‘The Big Three’ also have a big advantage as they own all...
654 Words | 2 Pages
Maximizing Profitability in the Music Industry
MAXIMIZING PROFITABILITY IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY INTRODUCTION The Canadian music industry encourages development in technology as an aid to improving revenues. This has resulted in the current challenge which the music industry faces: loss in overall profits due to technological advances, and potential for product obsoleteness. Going forward, profits will be affected even more as technology advances further, and digital music becomes more popular. Therefore, the CRIA has asked industry...
2,353 Words | 7 Pages
Music Industry Essay - 998 Words
Music £42million. The deal has not yet been signed but it is said that it will include a renewal agreement that will see...
998 Words | 3 Pages
Globalization and Music Industry - 529 Words
Globalization and Music Industry Globalization is integration of societies, economies, cultures of worldwide through of process of technology, politic and trade. In cultural way, it basically means that where countries used to have unique culture, now all the countries are becoming similar are losing the their uniqe features. Also, it can call “world without borders. Cultural Globalization is transforming ideas, meanings and values across to world. Cultural globalization is a long-term...
529 Words | 2 Pages....
1,715 Words | 5 Pages
Digital Music Industry - 3387 Words
I. Introduction Many people are still perplexed how ‘you are my love’ (a very popular song on the internet in China) has become popular, which is also considered cheesy from the view point of some mainstream recording industries and organizations. According to Zhang, CEO of the Idol Entertainment Ltd, ‘this represents neither a retrogression of society, nor a down step in terms of culture. It is normally a reflection of the current music market, which is to satisfy the consumers’ demands...
3,387 Words | 11 Pages
music industry report - 1177 Words
How has the internet benefited the music industry The...
1,177 Words | 4 Pages
The Impact of Globalization on the Creative Industry- Music Industry
| The Impact of Globalization on the Creative Industry- Music Industry | | Student Name: Lily Lee | Contents: 1.0 Introduction: 2 2.0 Music Industry: 2 2.1 Music Industry Value Chain 4 2.11 Beginning: 4 2.12 Production: 5 2.13 Circulation: 5 2.14 Distribution: 5 2.15 Consumption: 6 3.0 Technology Globalization impact on Music Industry: 6 4.0 Trade Globalization impact on Music Industry: 8 5.0 Conclusion: 9 6.0 Reference: 11 7.0 Appendix: 12 Appendix 1: The Core...
2,324 Words | 8 Pages
Effects of Illegal Music Downloading on the Music Industry
Effects...
1,268 Words | 3 Pages
Can the Music Industry Change Its Tune?
Case Study 1B ¡V The questions The online downloading of music from the Internet has ripped apart the old business model of record companies controlling the production of albums which are purchased through record shops. The last few turbulent years have seen many high profile law suits; some of which went in favour of the music industry and some of which went against. 1. Apply the value chain and competitive forces models to the music recording industry. 2. What role did the Internet...
3,229 Words | 12 Pages
The Effect Of Digital Technology On The Music Industry...
1,426 Words | 4 Pages
Can the Music Industry Change Its Tune?
Can the Music Industry Change its Tune? Introduction The music recording industry has been rocked by the peer to peer file sharing technology. The distribution of music is now available as a digital product (Blockstedt, Kauffman, Riggins 2004). The industry claims that the file sharing technology has caused a reduction in their profits. The increase in popularity of devices that play the digital music, such as the MP3 player, Apple iPod and the Dell JukeBox, are driving the demand for...
3,089 Words | 10 Pages
Impact of New Media in Music Industry
Impact of New Media....
1,408 Words | 4 Pages
Corporate Convergence and Its Effect on the Music Industry
Corporate Convergence and It’s Effect on the Music Industry Since its creation and early days, the music industry, recording methods and channels of distribution have changed many times over. What began as a simple invention has blossomed in time to be a billion dollar industry spanning multiple channels of media to include television, movies and theater as well. With incidences such as corporate convergence and the more recent processes of digital distribution, the industry itself has had...
2,157 Words | 6 Pages
How the Internet Changed the Music Industry
How the Internet...
1,350 Words | 4 Pages
Impact of Online Music Streaming on the Industry
A Claim for Streaming When speaking economically, the digital music sector of the international music industry is undoubtably the most important sector in the industry. Within the last decade, music has seen cardinal changes in the way both major and independent labels distribute their products. An industry that once relied on Payola's and mass distribution of physical records and CD's now relies heavily on the power of the internet. The first instance of mass distribution of music through...
1,977 Words | 5 Pages
How Has the Internet Changed the Music and Movie Industries
Music, 1860 with “Au Clair de la Lune” by Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville . Though music existed long before this date, it marks the first time...
3,295 Words | 8 Pages
A Brief Look at Four Areas of the Sound and Music Industry
Sound and Music Industry Features...
4,608 Words | 14 Pages
How The Internet has Affected the Music Industry.
When. This may be...
916 Words | 3 Pages
BMG entertainment & Music Industry SWOT analysis.
SWOT Analysis and Recommendation if Music Industry Strengths: *First major record label to create websites branded towards different music genres. First major record label to use downloading technology to promote sales of CD's....
968 Words | 4 Pages
The Commercial Growth of the Live Music Events Industry
The commercial growth of the live music events industry “Live music events have grown into global events, give five reasons as to what has driven their commercial growth and success” By Anjes Kuypers LT1059 The Service Sector Industries Module Tutor: Abu Naser Word Count: 1499 Introduction In the past few decades there have been many developments in the live music events industry, which have led to live music events growing to be global events. (Goldblatt, J., 2002) There...
1,791 Words | 6 Pages
Revision Guide Unit 1 The Music Industry
Unit 1: The Music Industry What do you need to know for your exam? PART A Learning aim A: Understand different types of ORGANISATIONS that make up the music industry YOU NEED TO KNOW the different types of ORGANISATIONS (no.1-4 listed below) in the music industry and the TYPE OF WORK EACH ONE DOES. 1. Venues and live performance (places that host live music events) a) Small and medium local venues (pubs, clubs, small theatres) Host music regularly or part of mixed arts performances (e.g....
2,245 Words | 11 Pages
The Impacts of Technology on Music Recording Industry and Society...
1,757 Words | 5 Pages
The Digital Age in Music: How Advancements in Technology Are Re-Shaping the Industry
The Digital Age in Music: How Advancements in Technology are Re-shaping the Industry Michael Martin Mon...
3,340 Words | 9 Pages
Internet Piracy and the Music Industries Business Model - Research Project
Research Project: The Music Industry’s dramatic business model change from physical sales to digital downloads, how much the record labels are affected by internet piracy and how to regulate it. Information Discovery, Analysis and Interpretation Contents Page Page 1. Executive Summery 3 2. Scope of Report...
4,459 Words | 13 Pages
Music marketing - 551 Words
Music Marketing When culture meet the business Art Grilli ! ! ! Music has been transformed by capitalism in to a giant business enterprise, from the record labels to the large music distribution, companies up to the composer and performer, all is business. The Music Label Industry is a place where the culture meet business. In this essay we focus about recording labels internal organization, market and marketing strategies. ! The recording label is a real corporation with an...
551 Words | 4 Pages
Music Technology - 1115 Words
Music Technology And Modern Society The music industry is one industry that has been greatly affected by technology. The newest way that singers and musicians are using technology, the merging of satellite communications and radio, and technology that helps artists track how often their songs are played on the radio. Since the launch in April 2003, the iTunes music store has sold more than 600 million songs. The company has more than 10 million account holders, and sells 1.8 million songs...
1,115 Words | 4 Pages
Illegal Music - 1357 Words
Reyes, Rodolfo Sequoia Maner RHE306 October 07, 2013 Paper 1.1 We as a race have advanced a lot as species and along with our progress many changes also came to our surroundings and tools. One thing that derived with us pretty well is technology, from cars, and transportation to new ways of communication. A source of information and many other things was the invention of the first interpretations of what now is known as the internet. It had its first version in the 1950's immediately...
1,357 Words | 4 Pages
Pirating Music - 1239 Words
Rich Baker November...
1,239 Words | 3 Pages
Music Publishing - 1444 Words
Music Publishing has always plays a vital role in music business since mid- 1400s. The earliest printed music is known as religious chant from 1465. In fact, almost all the music printed before the 16th century belongs or owned by the Catholic Church. Since the 14th century until present times, Music Publishing has experienced a long progressive evolution. (SongCast, Inc. 2013) With the invention of the lithograph in 1798 which allows massive amounts of sheet music could be cheaply printed,...
1,444 Words | 4 Pages
Music Piracy - 2845 Words
Music Piracy In the 21st century, many changes have been made to digital media. One such media that has experienced an extreme change is music. It is no longer just a type of media that is made by singers and bought by consumers, but it is now part of the “dark, scary” side of the Internet. There are even journal article authors who have written about music piracy. “Music is the most widely pirated media in the world today. From singles to albums to recording demos, music of all genres is...
2,845 Words | 7 Pages
The Business of Music - 657 Words
There has been a radical change in the business of music. Whether the employee who has been an industry legend can maintain the position in the company has been a problem. The term ‘industry legend’ refers to the person who is very famous and admired by a lot of people in the area of industry. (Wikipedia 2013) The feature of the industry legend is irreplaceable in this domain, which means that person who is the legend can create more value for the company and this type of people can lead to...
657 Words | 2 Pages
Music Evolution - 647 Words
The...
647 Words | 2 Pages
A music business - 299 Words
A music business: Universal's gamble Summary When Universal Music Group bought a part of EMI's Capitol Records, many asked themselves if this was a smart decision. A 'gamble' of $1.9 billion. Many questioned if this merge would disadvantage smaller companies, because Universal owns, thanks to this merge, 40%-50% shares of most markets. Because of the long statement of objections by the European Commission, Eurocrats might force Universal to sell parts of EMI, such as Virgin Music and EMI...
299 Words | 1 Page
The Parents Music Resource Center and Music Today
In society music is an extremely important form of art. It is one of the most sincere forms of expression. Music can influence people from many different backgrounds and cultures. Musicians have the same freedom of speech rights as any other United States citizen. In the mid 1980's rock musicians' rights were challenged with issues including censorship and first amendment guarantees. "The PMRC (or Parents Music Resource Center) was a committee formed in 1985 by the wives of several...
1,891 Words | 5 Pages
Do You Consider Corporate Involvement in Relation to the Control of Creative Practice Within the Music Industry to Be Villainous?
Corporate involvement in relation to creating a successful accessible artist is more often than not a way for companies/ record labels to sell and promote a commodity. Creative practice is vital for an artist to shape the individual they want to be projected as to society and more importantly fans. Picking a target audience is key when choosing a direction to go with in relation to creative practice. For an individual to control the direction their music takes and to have an input in other...
1,524 Words | 4 Pages
Music Business Journal Analysis...
1,257 Words | 4 Pages
Effect of Youtube on Live Music
The YouTube Effect: Live Music Festivals and Brands Dissertation submitted to MAKHANLAL CHATURVEDI NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF JOURNALISM AND COMMUNICATION, BHOPAL In partial fulfilment of the requirements For the award of the Degree of MASTER OF ARTS IN Management and Marketing Communication By Joyeeta Dutta Choudhury Enrolment Number: Research Guide K Sai Prasad, HoD, Marketing Communication, Commits Semester IV, May 2014 CONVERGENCE INSTITUTE OF MEDIA MANAGEMENT AND IT...
12,023 Words | 35 Pages
Mobile Phone and Music - 2067 Words As of February 18, 2008, SoundBuzz Pte., Ltd. was acquired by...
2,067 Words | 6 Pages
Music Business Management Essay
Artist Management...
2,896 Words | 7 Pages
Digital Music Distribution - 5001 Words
[pic] MASTER OF MANAGEMENT UNIVERSITY OF GADJAH MADA 2009 Marketing Strategy For Digital Music Distribution within the scope of Indonesian music industry | | | | |Course |: |Marketing Management | |Lecturer |: |Prof. Dr. Basu...
5,001 Words | 17 Pages
Online Music Sharing - 1253 Words
Online....
1,253 Words | 4 Pages
job role/music producer
A Music Producer What is a Music Producer? A Music Producer has a wide range of responsibilities, but primarily a music producer oversees the creation of music. A producer might be responsible for a few songs or an artist's entire album, in this case the producer might develop an overall vision for the album and how the various songs may relate to one another. Being a Music Producer basically consists of overseeing and managing a projects recording (production), this can include many roles;...
1,577 Words | 5 Pages
Should Downloading Music Be Illegal.
Response to text- Why You Should Pay For Music by John Sheldrick Dear John, I read your article and I have some comments about it I would like to acknowledge about it: Firstly when you mention that you advocate a culture in which people actually want to spend money on music, but I actually think we should advocate a culture where everybody listens to music and not just the ones who have a computer and and a bank account, I believe that music should be a right and not a privilege and...
739 Words | 2 Pages
Music in Different Cultures - 3041). This wide-ranging term encompasses a...
3,041 Words | 8 Pages
Report on Music Piracy - 3027 Words
Global Entertainment REPORT on Music Piracy 05.11.2013. Music piracy Industry Comparative Study – Piracy Table of Content INTRODUCTION This report purpose is to analyze the piracy, and the industrial response to it, in the music industry concentrating on three pre-selected regions. The structure of the report consists of the analysis of the global context of the music industry, a more detailed analysis of the product and distribution...
3,027 Words | 10 Pages
Music Publishing Assesment - 2469 Words
Ever...
2,469 Words | 8 Pages
Youtube's Effects on the Music Industy
Abstract YouTube’s Effect on the Music Industry YouTube is a video sharing website. YouTube was created by three former PayPal employees in 2005. YouTube is designed so members of the website can upload, view, and share videos. YouTube uses Adobe Flash Video to show many different types of videos posted including movie clips, TV clips, and music videos, as well as stuff like video blogging, and educational videos. YouTube has altered the Internet and changed the way we consume music....
971 Words | 3 Pages
The Digital Music Distribution Revolution
The Digital Music Distribution Revolution What industry conditions lead to the revolution in audio distribution? Which stakeholders stand to benefit most (or least) from this revolution? The MP3 technology gave its users several advantages such as the chance to transfer music to the new digitally recorded format, while also providing a way to download and play music digitally on personal computers. For example, software programs gave listeners the ability to convert CDs to the new digital...
1,942 Words | 5 Pages
Music Retailing in India - 1133 Words
Media Management Music Retailing in India Submitted By 10-VC-101 Deepak Chand S INDEX * Introduction * Organized Retailing * Unorganized Retailing * Companies controlling the market * India's Largest Music Retail Chain * Promoting the Outlets Introduction The music industry or music business consists of the companies and individuals that make money by creating and selling music. Among the many individuals and organizations that operate within the industry are: the musicians...
1,133 Words | 4 Pages...
1,268 Words | 4 Pages
Music in the Digital age - 5601 Words
112 — The Elon Journal of Undergraduate Research in Communications • Vol. 1, No. 2 • Fall 2010 music industry. The presence of these music files that have...
5,601 Words | 15 Pages
Music and Auto-tune - 2168 Words
The Effects of Auto-Tune on the Music Industry A Term Paper Presented to Ms. Edwina Bensal Department of English and Applied Linguistics College of Education, De La Salle University In Partial Fulfillment of the Requirements for Basic Research Skills / English for Specific Purposes (ENGLRES) 2nd Trimester, AY 2010 – 2010 By Doroja, Juan Marcos R. Licup, Trisha Anne T. November 18, 2010 I. Introduction Music demands perfection. In the music of today, Auto-Tune, which is a...
2,168 Words | 7 Pages
Warner Music Group - 1998 Words
M004LON : Finance, Funding and Legislative frameworks for Success Industry : Music Company ...
1,998 Words | 7 Pages
Independent Music Production - 627 Words
Introduction My name is __________, student number _______ of ___________________ studying _________ module; __________ – Independent Music Production in which I will complete a three part coursework assignments of: • CW1 – Project planning document due on 19th February, equal to 10% of overall module mark. • CW2 – Project presentation due on 30th April, equal to 60% of overall module mark. • CW3 – Accompanying 1000 words essay due on 7th May, equal to 30% of overall module mark....
627 Words | 3 Pages
The Impact of Technology on the Music Industry: a Study Into How Organisations Adapt in a Rapidly Evolving Business Environment
The impact of technology on the music industry: A study into how organisations adapt in a rapidly evolving business environment Profile -...
7,572 Words | 23 Pages
Fallacy of Free Music - 316 Words
Brayden Merrell Reaction Paper 1 Com 250, Spring 2013 Fallacy of Free Music When a new song comes out the first thing my peers and I normally do is check YouTube to hear the latest new track. The internet is the easiest way for people of any age group to listen to music. There are hundreds and thousands of popular music downloading services that can be found within seconds with a simple Google search. Most of these websites are funded by advertisements that consume the borders of the...
316 Words | 1 Page
Consumer Behavior and Music - 2164 Words
As the presence of the internet becomes more predominant as an everyday activity in people’s lives, the way consumers access, select, buy and listen to music continues to evolve, being the likely cause of the fall of the traditional record industry (Barfe, 2004). One key aspect that is influencing these changes is technology. Technology has been a major characteristic of the music industry throughout the last century as to how music has been and is being accessed: from acoustic, through...
2,164 Words | 8 Pages
21 Century Music Industy
Economics12 ISP Research Paper 21 Century Music Industry: Music for free? By: Duncan Gilfillan Music been around since the 1500’s but the music industry itself did not really form until the early 1950’s with artists like Elvis Presley, The Beatles, and Miles Davis who made the music industry much more than just the artists and their music. Recording studios, band mangers, tour companies, record companies, and music distributors all started to take major roles in the newly forming...
1,997 Words | 5 Pages
Music Licensing and Royalties in the Philippines
THE MUSIC ISN’T FREE: MUSIC LICENSING AND ROYALTIES IN THE PHILIPPINES VISION • To participate actively in strengthening the Philippine music industry of the Philippines by providing quality, excellent and outstanding products. MISSION • To stop piracy and protect the rights of the Filipino composers and artists. • To make a profitable and reliable company that can hold up to the rest of the time and circumstances. • To promote and showcase Filipino talents and resources OBJECTIVES:...
375 Words | 2 Pages
Music Business Notes - 1258 Words
MUSB 2301 Intro to the Music Business Study Guide for exam no. 3 Chapter 7: Music Licensing Compulsory Mechanical Licenses Why compulsory 4 requirements for compulsory licenses The song is a non-dramatic musical work It has been previously recorded The recording has been publicly distributed in phonorecords Your use of the recording is in phono-records only When to notify author regarding a compulsory license Notify copyright holder within 30 days after making the...
1,258 Words | 9 Pages
Globalization & Commercialization of Caribbean Music
Name: Carla Lori-Anne Gittens Student ID#:20043045 Course Code: AR27E Course Name: Music Business Management Lecturer: Mr. Dennis Howard Assignment ONE Question: Globalisation and Commercialisation of Caribbean Music by Mike Alleyne is one of a number of studies from the Caribbean region, which addresses the impact of Caribbean music production on the Anglo-American music industry. Do a critical review of this very important research on the Caribbean music industry and its impact on the...
1,733 Words | 5 Pages
Payola Scandal at Sony Music
Discussion Questions...
404 Words | 2 Pages
Music Producer Assesment - 1267 Words
Record producer in the old days was someone who took care about the budget and organization of making an album without really interrogation in the creative process. In around mid-1960’s the new wave of producers were in many cases owners of private record labels or studios and they would now mostly do all the production tasks themselves, like attending or even engineering recording and mixing sessions; or even writing the material. It also became popular to include the producer in writing on...
1,267 Words | 4 Pages
Illegal Music Downloading - 417 Words
Illegal Music Downloading Have you downloaded anything from an Internet? The Internet which is widely used by every generation all over the world brings them various vital roles. For instance, we can easily download music from the Internet. All you have to do is click the bottom a few times. Who could predict like the evolution decades ago? However, nowadays, anyone has uploaded music, which we are able to download for free. Illegal music downloading is free and convenient that leads to the...
417 Words | 2 Pages
The Impact of Music Piracy - 1128 Words...
1,128 Words | 4 Pages ‘the felonious taking and removing of personal property with intent to deprive the rightful owner of it (The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language).” Now most people who...
1,946 Words | 5 Pages
Has Music Changed? - 269 Words
Over the last century, do you think music has changed from being about artistic expression to being more about money and business? Who owns the record companies and is there any room for indy's? Yes music has definitely changed, the music industry is a big money making business. Throughout the last century the idea of music has changed for both the listener as well as the artist. In many cases, music is not recognized as an expression of art, but rather music has become a multi-billion...
269 Words | 1 Page
Music Business on Internet - 1499 Words
Music Business on Internet by Anastasia Yuanita Airlangga University, Surabaya Internet has been widely known as the most sophisticated thing that happens in the world. People have been using it for more than fifty years; internet has become useful to human civilization. It provides easier connectivity, plenty information, and effectiveness. Even people can run an online business with internet. One of the online businesses which is currently emerging is music business. It all began on...
1,499 Words | 5 Pages
Ethical Issues in Recording Industries
Ethical Issues In Recording Industries Ethical issues in the recording industries Background of Media What is Recording Industry • Known as Music Industry • People in the industry involved- Artists, songwriters, composers and many more. • An industry that uses songs to earn money • Commercialized the arts. Recording Industry • There are more than 200 recording company in Malaysia. • Sony BMG • Rock Record • EMI (Malaysia) • Halo Music • Warner Music Recording...
939 Words | 6 Pages
Digital Technology on the Media Industry
Explore the impact of digital technologies on the music...
1,499 Words | 4 Pages
All Music industry Essays
Musci Industry Pest - 6399 Words
Btec Level 3 Extended Diploma in Music Unit 19 Music in Technology
Polyphonic Hmi: Mixing Math and Music
the sound in music industy unit 39
Soundbuzz's Music Strategy for Asia-Pacific
The Breakdown of the Physical Music Distribution System
The Music Business - Revenue Streams and the Future
On Online Music Piracy and Purchasing Habits
Why Downloading Music Should Be Illegal
The Positive and Negative Effects of Music on the Internet
“Music as a Cultural Art of Consumption and its Benefactors”
Piracy (Music piracy copyright law)
Polyphonic Hmi: Mixing Music and Math
Downloading Music Illegally Is Like Shoplifting
Mobile Music: Digital Music Distribution over Mobile Networks
Illegal Downloads and the Affect on the Film Industry
Illegal Downloading Versus the Recording Industry
The Future of Online Music: Itunes vs Spotify
Environmental Analysis & Strategy Development for Emi Music
Is Downloading Free Music from the Internet Legal?
Online music distribution in post-Napster World
Digital Music Piracy - Can't Stop, Won't Stop
Social Media and Music: Succeeding in the Digital Age
Global Music Publishing Market 2014-2018
The Digital Music Era: Sales vs. Illegal Downloads
Now That's What I Call Music, Piracy!
How Has Music Marketing Changed over the Years and Where Does the Future of the Music Press Lie?
Innovation Management in the Mp3 Audio Player Industry
The Basic Roles of a Music Publisher & the Challenges They Face in the Industry's Current State
1 Porters five forces driving industry competition of SME
Lady Gaga case study
The Napster Debate - 2873 Words
Key Stakeholders - 2625 Words
Analysis of the Bmg Entertainment - 1653 Words
sony bmg - 675 Words
Polyphonic - 2666 Words
Polyphonic Hmi Case Analysis
4575656 - 3266 Words
Swot Analysis of Emi - 3030 Words
Oligopoly - 850 Words
Napster Case Study - 1768 Words
Compass Records - 261 Words
Live Nation - 3909 Words
Emi Group - 2314 Words
Emi Case Study - 2171 Words
Polyphonic Hss - 1538 Words
Spotify, Rhapsody, Pandora: Business Model Analysis
Evaluate and Provide Solutions to Advance the Brand of Live Nation Entertainment
Dominick10 Tb Ch08 1
Hit Song Science - 2070 Words
EMI plc - 34222 Words
nau company - 5494 Words
DISSERTATION - 14785 Words
Spotify - 4138 Words
Digital Piracy - 1397 Words
Spotify - Company Presentation - 2776 Words
Norwegian Black Metal - 1131 Words
Emi Group Plc Case Study
IB business (sl) outline for IA
Toby Keith - 1275 Words
HISTORY OF ROCK'N'ROLL - 3178 Words
Business Plan - 2239 Words
Compass Records - 2065 Words
Marketing Analysis Polyphonic HMI
EMI Corporate Finance - 7262 Words
Project Proposal 2 - 2206 Words
Polyphonic Hmi Marketing Strategy
Ifpi 2013 - 17525 Words
Current Situation of Sony Entertainment
Polyphonic Case - 421 Words
Bmi Analysis - 3005 Words
Napster: Information Superhighway Robbery?
Apple Gap Analysis - 957 Words
iTUnes - 1439 Words
Polyphonic Hmi, Company Analysis
Spotify - 8692 Words
Horizontal Integration - 6621 Words
Connie Francis - 697 Words
unit 39 - 265 Words
Strategic analaysis Spotify - 6156 Words
MIS - Information Systems - 3176 Words
Cultuere - 22292 Words
Polyphonic - 2329 Words
Emi Group Case Analysis
Example of a Recording Contract - 659 Words
Recording Studio Technology and the Producer
Driving Forces - 471 Words
Bmg Case Study - 1074 Words
Declining Record Sales: Who Is to Blame?
Itunes Analysis - 10136 Words
Bmg Case Analysis - 1135 Words
Artist Management Plan Essay
Mp3 - 4757 Words
Communication Studies - 1352 Words
Sonybmg Case Study - 9308 Words
POLYPHONIC MARKETING PLAN - 2147 Words
Unilever in Brazil: Marketing Strategies for Low-Income Customers
A&R Criteria - 1187 Words
Spotify Case Study - 2264 Words
Effects of New Media on Traditional Media
CM202 Mass Media and Broadcasting Unit 5 Discussion Board
Senior Project - 1533 Words
Illegally Downloading - 762 Words
Technology and the American Dream - 1879 Words
Sony Case Study - 4706 Words
Sharing is Caring - 1303 Words
Boston University Essay - 1592 Words
Ethical Challenges in the Media, Collaboration Tools, and Combatting Plagiarism
Payola Scandal Rocks '50's Radio
Starting an Independent Record Label
Compass Records Executive Summary
Disruptive innovation - 3073 Words
Cd Will Be Lost
media essay - 1872 Words
Napster Case - 997 Words
Case Study Gaga - 472 Words
Vivendi-Blizzard Case Study: a Situation Analysis Paper Outline
La Reid - 1421 Words
Record Label and Sound Buzz
Label & Studio - 2102 Words
Payola - 291 Words
technolgy planning - 720 Words
Marketing Management Hmv - 1344 Words
Case Study on Tune Man
Spotify International Expansion - 7323 Words
Im Gay - 1904 Words
Informational Communication Technology - 1340 Words
Kpop Versus American Pop
How Globalization and Technology Changes Have Impacted the Corporation You Researched.
Business Plan (Record Company)
Napster Case Solution - 742 Words
Act of Kindness Essay - 1449 Words
The Effect of Social Media and the Digital Age on New and Independent Musicians
Principles of Marketing - 2910 Words
The Americanisation of Global Media - 1389 Words
Diamond in the Rough - 276 Words
Pest in Brazil - 4887 Words
History of Rock and Roll - 1286 Words
Environmental Analysis - 1058 Words
Ocho Cinco - 800 Words
Journalism Enterprise Story - 1043 Words
HOW APPLE CHANGED THE WAY ENTERTAINMENT IS SOLD AND CONSUMED
Week 7 Major Paper
Computer Role in Entertainment & the Arts - Essay
Assignment for English for Written Communication
Ruben on Piracy - 317 Words
Justin Bieber: Strategic and Marketing Mangement
Bmg Case Study - 409 Words
sample essays - 2464 Words
Level 2 Media - Gaga and Audience Study
Federico Nobili EMI Group PLC
Roles in Sound Recording Studio
Benefits of P2P and File Sharing
Week 3 Dqs Eco 561
The Rise and Fall of Napster - 1355 Words
Rural Masculinity - 1045 Words
FSA homework 2014 - 1351 Words
Value Chain of Waner - 986 Words
Cause and Effect - 608 Words
cases questions - 816 Words
David Foster - 1328 Words
Sony Case Study - 697 Words
Pandora Case Study - 1908 Words
Live Nation & Ticketmaster Merger
Cf Report - 2134 Words
English Debate - 762 Words
Society’s Child - 917 Words
Law 421 Article Review
Internet Piracy - 1188 Words
Inspiring the Extraordinary - 3047 Words
how to get a record deal
Emi Group Case Study
To What Extent Has Globalisation Influenced One or More Aspects of the Culture in Your Country? Illustrate Your Answer with Examples
G322 Media: Global Insitutions
Sony Bmg Case Study
Spring And Mason Paper - 11234 Words
Creation and Presentation of a Song - 1107 Words
Lady Gaga Case Studyanalysis
favorite Holidays - 438 Words
Reflection Paper Law 31
Record Label and Napster S Strategy
How a Song Becomes a Number One Single in the U.S.
Yiruma - 1272 Words
Banning File Sharing Sites
Digital Revolution of the 21st Century
paper - 1661 Words
Nicki Minaj Significant Influence
Case Analysis: Napster - 950 Words
Mahasiswa - 4249 Words
Performing Rights Society - 657 Words
Business Management - 3165 Words
Lady Gaga - 1216 Words
Electromagnetism in Loudspeakers - 1532 Words
Daniel Johnston - 1229 Words
Napster - 1224 Words
Fbi Research - 2227 Words
Software and Media Piracy - 3102 Words
Recording Artist/Producer Career Development Plan
Apple Disruptive Innovation - 4191 Words
Entrepreneurship Simon Cowell - 1987 Words
Marketing Management - Case StudiesHouston
Welcome Back Cohen
Old Ideas, means a new Leonard Cohen album. . . 
Why Downton Abbey Is The Least Jewish Show On Television
We knew there was a reason there were no Jews at Downton! 
“The Moment” At An Orthodox Funeral
An excerpt from the latest book from the folks who brought you the Six-Word Memoir series. Subordinate reference replicas are system-generated replicas that don't contain all the object data of a master or a read/write replica. Subordinate reference replicas, therefore, don't provide fault tolerance. They are internal pointers that are generated to contain enough information for eDirectory to resolve object names across partition boundaries.
You can't delete a subordinate reference replica; eDirectory deletes it automatically when it is not needed. Subordinate reference replicas are created only on servers that hold a replica of a parent partition but no replicas of its child partitions.
If a replica of the child partition is copied to a server holding the replica of the parent, the subordinate reference replica is automatically deleted.Goodbye my fuzzy ratty babies. You were good girls who always cleaned up spilled snacks such as popcorn, Wheat Thins, yogurt drops, and cat food. You were not friends with the kitties, but that's ok - it was not in your nature to behave nicely to predators.
Petey-Pie and Daisy
Originally uploaded by stuffbyxtine
Petey-Pie and Daisy
Originally uploaded by stuffbyxtine
Petey, I am sorry that you got those crazy tumors that looked like giant testicles hanging off your abdomen. You weren't a very friendly ratty, but you were coming around there at the end. Thanks for never biting me. (Petey died 12/4/09.)
Miss Daisy Mae, you were the best rat I ever had, hands down. You were freaking awesome, seriously. I am so sorry you go so sick at the end. I'm sorry you had to suffer. You were a good little squishy girl. (Daisy passed on 12/28/09.)
I'll miss you both, fuzzies. I hope there are tons of delicious snacks and lots of blankets to play in in Ratty Heaven.
Rest in peace, girls!
Leave me some love.Related Links
- can ball mill separate gangues from iron ore
- iron powder can be grinded in ball mill
- cost of sponge iron plant in india
- flow chart of crushing process of iron ore
- iron ore crushing and screening plant
- ball mill plans for iron stone crushing
- iron ore pulverizer on rental in india
- classification of iron ore deposits of world
- agglomeration in iron ore
- iron crusher minecraft in delhi
- cast iron rolls for flour mills
- iron mining industries plaster
- beneficiation iron ore washing
- coal iron ore and mining plant
- sand making powder plant iron ore design
iron ore concentration plant tunisia
manganese ore concentrating plant ghana south africa
201719- Ghana Manganese Ore Concentration Refining Plant, 2015 In North Africa reserves of iron ore are Tunisia, Egypt, Zimbabwe, and South
Stone crusher, grinder, milling equipment, crushing equipment
stone crushing plant germany california iron ore concentration beneficiation copper ore beneficiation cement plants in tunisia cone crusher
Blast furnace - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
iron ore to produce pig iron, an intermediate combination with sinter plants in base metals and materials found in Tunisia suggest they were
Feldspar Sodium, Limestone, Iron Ore
White quartz crusher feldspar, GRINDING AND IRON REMOVER OF POTASH FELDSPAR, HGJ1500 rotary dryer, Horizontal Rotary Drum Dryer for drying River Sand,Sludge
matso minerals iron ore plant for sale
matso minerals iron ore plant for sale Mineral Processing Austria,Mining Crusher And Used -Minerals mobile crushing plants for sale and Find used -
oolitic ironstones of the Jebel Ank, Southern Tunisian
2017119-Official Full-Text Publication: Petrography, mineralogy and geochemistry of the Late Eocene oolitic ironstones of the Jebel Ank, Southern Tu
iron ore concentration plant tunisia
iron ore fines washing plant invest cost in algeria – Mobile Cone . Mar 12, 2016· Sudan has given sanctuary to Muslim rebels from Tunisia and
WHAT'S NEW IN MESTEEL - 2016?
Iran Iron Ore Concentration Plants 2015 Iran Iron Ore Plants - Under Tunisia Billet Imports (2010-2016) Turkey Steel Exports by Region (2015)
Hotels in Tunisia
Tunisia, and the towns of Douz and Tozeur are concentration, they may find themselves with a (particularly phosphate and iron ore), tourism,
Iron Ore - Monthly Price - Commodity Prices - Price Charts,
2017216-Monthly price chart and freely downloadable data for Iron Ore. Price in US Dollars per Dry Metric Ton. 12 month history. Description: Chi
pii quarry sorong papua barat
IsTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks Gold ore concentration plant Granite stone Iron ore beneficiation plant Kaolin processing
Visibility Study of Copper Ore Plant In Nigeria
Visibility study of copper ore plant in nigeria, COPPER PRODUCTION PLANT PROCESS FLOW, Bauxite processing plants manufacturer, beneficiation of copper ore,
aggregate quarry business plan in tanzania
Tunisia,Ukraine for sale »More detailed quarry Laos iron ore processing plant Limestone and Gold ore concentration plant Granite stone
lucia
Brief Introduction for Mineral Gravity ConcentrationWe sold many sets this dryer to Canada, Tunisiairon ore in iron and steel plant in metallurgy
Iron Ore - Monthly Price - Commodity Prices - Price Charts,
2017216-Monthly price chart and freely downloadable data for Iron Ore. Price in US Dollars per Dry Metric Ton. 12 month history. Description: Chi
Stcb To Export Boulders and Vegetables
Videos Video Details News Chat Wiki Images Related Moreremove the playlist Stcb To Export Boulders And Vegetables remove the playlist Latest Videos
VPC_VPCGroup Co.,Ltd.
One officer said “It looked like something out of –I can’t even describe it–something out of a concentration camp. Someday, when the public is
PPT - INDUSTRIAL MINERAL CONCENTRATION TECNOLOGIES PowerPoint
INDUSTRIAL MINERAL CONCENTRATION TECNOLOGIES method is used in US Florida plants by using FLOTATION OF IRON ORE Due to increased demand
expand text
and above a specified fiber concentration. Cement Products steel, aluminum, cast iron several smaller plants in various parts of the
Steel firms call for probe into iron ore suppliers – POLITICO
which would add to the problems posed by the concentration of market A day after the complaint was lodged, the three main iron ore
Bolivian economy | World eBook Library | Read eBooks online
The largest concentration of textile mills are to be found in La Paz, iron plant, a 10 MTPA iron ore pellet plant and a 450 MW power plant
vibration grinding mill
granite quarry block moving in tunisia grinding with verticle mill sandvi Dolomite stone processing plant Gold ore concentration plant Iron ore
Roll Mill For Iron Ore Processing
Videos Video Details News Chat Wiki Images Moreremove the playlist Roll Mill For Iron Ore Processing remove the playlist Latest Videos
WHAT'S NEW IN MESTEEL - 2016?
Iran Iron Ore Concentration Plants 2015 Iran Iron Ore Plants - Under Tunisia Billet Imports (2010-2016) Turkey Steel Exports by Region (2015)
Tunisia: ore treatment plant - Lat:35.2333 and Long:8.73333
Laverie du Chambi (Chambi Laveriedu) (Tunisia) Map, Weather and Photos. Laverie du Chambi (Chambi Laveriedu) is a ore treatment plant (a facility
Iron Ore: Market Outlook to 2020, 7th Edition 2012
2006 to 2011, the promise of a high return on investment led to a decrease in the concentration of corporate control of seaborne trade in iron ore
building rubbish crushing plant in abu dhabiuae
Spain · Sweden · Switzerland · Tunisia · Crushing Plant in Mali Laos iron ore processing Gold ore concentration plant Iron ore
gold crushing machines youtube qatar
Dolomite stone processing plant Gold ore concentration plant Iron ore Firas Lahyani (Tunisia) won gold in the Nike Dunk Contest after
80-120 ton per hour stone crusher plant
machine; iron ore concentration process; stone for sale used philippines stone crusher plant Next:tunisia stone crusher in philippines price
iron ore concentration plant tunisia
iron ore concentration plant tunisia PRODCUT Crushing Equipment HJ Series Jaw Crusher PE Series Jaw Crusher PEW Series Jaw Crusher PF Series Impact CrusherShops Photo
(0) Photo Uploaded
Local Map
Services
Nearby Shops
68777 Avenue A
Edwardsburg, MI 49112
68885 3rd Street
Edwardsburg, MI 49112
69039 Elkhart Road
Edwardsburg, MI 49112
68817 Cass St
Edwardsburg, MI 49112
70986 M 62
Edwardsburg, MI 49112
Nearby LocationsCurrency Displayed in
Plantar Fasciitis Night Splint and Heelinator Seat combo - Day and Night Plantar Fasciitis Combo
4 Easy Steps to Ordering a Combo - Only $64.90
1) Select your shoe size. Please round up if you are a half size.
2) Choose ONE of our three night splints
3) Change Quantity if you want more than one
4) Click "Add to Cart" and Proceed to Checkout
* You will save $10 by ordering this combo as compared to ordering the Heel Seats and a Night Splint Seperately
Posted by Lauren on 9th Sep 2015
The heel seats have almost completely solved my heel pain that is caused by a heel spur. The night splint turned out to be too much of a pain to get on correctly without help so I gave up on it after one night. Plus it made my toes fall asleep. But that's ok since the heel seats have solved the issue. I am ordering another pair to go in my 2nd pair of tennis shoes.
Posted by Rebecca on 11th May 2013
The HTP Heel seat inserts are extremely helpful for reducing and healing heel pain. I noticed a big difference when I first put them in my shoe. I have tried all kinds of shoe inserts but none have worked as well as the HTP Heel Seats for heel spur and plantar fasciitis treatment. Do it. Buy them today!
Posted by Unknown on 10th Apr 2013
They don't look like much, but they are effective. I like that they are only for the heels as opposed to a full-foot insole, since that leaves plenty of room for my toes inside my shoes. I am thinking of buying another pair so that I don't have to move them from shoe to shoe as much.
All prices are in USD.During my road trip in Iceland, I captured some brief time lapse footage of the aurora. There really is no words or images that can do justice to what these moments were like to experience first hand but I hope you get a sense of how incredible it was. Please watch in HD.
My 2016 Iceland workshop is almost full, if you’d like to join, details are here.>Usopp asks Rayleigh about where the One Piece is located
>Luffy says fuck that I don't want to know because it'd be boring to continue otherwise
>Whitebeard confirms it exists and that a war will happen when One Piece is found
What do you think the One Piece is, /a/?
the friends you've made during the journey
if that actually happens I'll pretend I never read the series
One Piece is a weapon designed by Joy Boy to destroy the Red Line at reverse mountain and mariejois, unifying the grand line and the four oceans into one sea, eliminating the calm belts, and ultimately making seafaring more convenient. Noah's Arc was built to ferry the inhabitants of Fishman Island to the surface so that the land above FI where mariejois sits can safely be destroyed without the debris killing FI's inhabitants. Unfortunately Joy Boy was stopped during the void century by what is now the WG. Luffy will use One Piece to do all this and fulfill the prophecy of him destroying FI, but it will be a good thing because the Fishmen will be able to live under the sun.
This will fulfill Luffy's goal of being able to sail freely, will create All Blue for Sanji, will make it easier for Franky to fulfill his goal of building a ship that sails the whole world and Nami's goal of drawing a world map, and allows Brooke to reunite with Laboon. It will also necessitate that Robin fulfills her goal too before this can all come to be.
This theory has been around for a while now and fits perfectly. I dunno why it isn't more common knowledge by now.
>>100207550
Oda already said its not something like that.
>>100208958
based king Joyoboyo
>>100208958
Seriously, that's such a good theory that, if it turns out to be true, I'll be mad. It's like getting spoiled. Fuck obsessive theorists.
>>100211237
The only good part about that theory is that Blackbeard isn't getting shit if he gets first to Raftel
>>100211237
You would only be mad because you didn't think of it first.
>>100209228
He said it's something tangible.
So it's going to be a note saying "the adventure and the friends you made was the treasure!"
>>100208958
Nami's map of the world would be rendered utterly useless, no?
>>100207364
A note that says "Fuck You" or "Good Luck" or "Getting to Raftel was just the beginning" just to make whoever found it rage, starting a war between all factions.
>>100207364
One piece is a giant pile of treasure. There's probably at least 10 billion beli of gold and jewels there.
I mean really, what the fuck else would be there? It's a pirate's buried treasure. Do you expect to find an ancient mech suit or something?
>>100217250
It will be a single gold coin and a note that says "you're getting warmer"
>>100213829
Well, pretty late to answer anyway but no. I understand why would you think that, but I never thought too much about what the One Piece is. The first time I read the theory I thought it was amazing, but slowly I realized that, if it turned out to be true, every piece of foreshadowing will just glow before my eyes and the moment making the reveal dull. But honestly, I never sat and thought that much about what the One Piece is, neither tried to make any sustainable theory, so I wouldn't have thought of that. I neither think I could have come up with that had I tried.
I don't know why I'm explaining myself, even if you read it complete you won't believe it, but whatever. But on this one, I'm with Luffy, not knowing the destination is part of the fun.
>>100214022
She doesn't have a shit maped, she has only a few islands from the Grand Line, and that is if that she bothered mapping them. Whatever is the result, she has to map nearly everything in the world, and that would be easier without the Calm Belt or a bunch of dangerous islands she couldn't possibly sail alone to.
>>100213888
>>100213888
>>100218984
A note saying "you're brothers dead lol".
>>100219149
>Roger planned to have Ace raised by Garp, so he'll befriend Garp's grandson as a child
>He knew that Whitebeard had Blackbeard on his crew and that he'll eventually betray him
>He knew that Ace's lack of a father figure would make him join Whitebeard on the future, which eventually will lead him to die because of Blackbeard
that's some fine keikaku there
>>100219149
That made me laugh way more than it should have
>>100214022
The sad truth is that everyone (readers and maybe author included) has forgotten about the common theme of muh dreams the SH share. When was the last time you read All Blue being mentioned, or that you saw Nami mapping anything?
>>100207364
I still think its a weapon that would change how the world looks like.
>>100220716
Its because they are living the dream now. It would be annoying when the only thing the characters were would be that dream.
Nami is navigating trough the grand line constantly updating the maps, and sanji as well is cooking with the best ingridients they find on the travells. Ussop is finnaly experiencing those adventures he used to lie about, chopper gained so much medical knowledge and is able to help people everywhere with it, and frankie is doing his best to make the ship and luffy the pirate king so his ship will be of the legends.
Wait. Wait. Wait.
Was it ever a question what the One Piece was, in the series itself? It was more like wether it exists or not. Roger clearly said that it's all the treasure that he collected. It's just the fans speculating about what it actually is. In the series itself, it was never implied that it's anything else, as far as I remember. That's not saying that it cannot be anything else, but what I'm saying is that if it was a world changing secret, then Roger or Whitebeard would have acted on it already. Besides, Whitebeard was not interested in gold, he was only interested in his family (crew), so that also means that it's a big pile of gold.
The goal of the Revolutionaries might be something else, lnd that may tie in to the World Government and the Void Century plotline, but as far as the Strawhar Pirates (or any other pirates) are concerned, the One Piece is a big pile of treasure, and that's most likely 90% of what there in Raftel anyways, if not for anything but for Nami to orgasm over.
And Luffy doesn't even give a shit about what it is, because he's only in for the ride. Before Whidebeard declaring that it exists, we could have said that it's just the friendship and the adventure, but after that, that's kida moot, besides, the friendship and adventure is there regardless of any treasure.
One thing is sure, Luffy dosn't give a shit about politics.
More likely a way to unite the New World with the rest of the world, destroying the Reverse Mountain area, thus eliminating the Calm Belt and assuring free roaming for everyone.
That's why it is One Piece: the whole world becomes ONE PIECE.
>I left everything I own in One Piece
>Roger, as the pirate king, owned the entire world
>>100225367
>The world was his treasure
>Eventually everyone learns one piece was just a ruse
rogerface.jpg
>Luffy arrives at Raftel
>There's a a chest from Roger there
It contains a note saying "ONE PIECE IS ... IN YOUR HEART"
>>100207364
I'd like to bet Its a mirror with writing on the frame saying "You"
>>100224985
dat's some fanfic-tier prediction right there.
so like is shanks' crew of like 10 people as strong as whitebeards 1000 fleets? why else would everyone stop fighting when they showed up? or does he have 1000 fleets too?
>>100228910
they're meant to parallel Luffy so they're probably all EOS Strawhat level
>>100228910
That wasn't even Shanks' entire crew, so it's hard to say how many people he has.
>>100228910
They got the guy with the black hat all wrong. You can see him in the younger picture to the far left.
>>100224937
>It was more like wether it exists or not
Rayleigh himself said One Piece exists.
And it's true that Luffy cares more about the adventure than the destination, but that's because he wants absolute freedom, and the idea of being Pirate king is his definition of being pirate king.
And to be Pirate King you need to find One Piece.
Thus Luffy wants to find One Piece
>>100228910
The snake's tatto guy evolved into the tallest one
>>100228910
How fuckin tall is Yasopp? You can tell Oda went funny with the scales as the years went.
>>100209228
he also said sabo was dead
>>100207364
>What do you think the One Piece is, /a/?
It's probably a collection of all of Roger's loot stashed on Raftel. I suspect there'll most likely be either a small tribe of ultra-powerful natives, a singular guardian or Rayleigh waiting on Raftel to protect the treasure (and to make sure it's always there).
And chances are the loot won't just be gold. I suspect there's gonna be at least 2 of the 12 god-swords there, probably also have ooodles and oodles of texts and scrolls. Roger's memoirs as a pirate are also gonna be there, I can tell, 'cause he was terminally ill in his pirate years. He's gonna ask whoever succeeds him (Luffy) to continue hoarding gold on Raftel.
Anyway, who do you folks think will form the final players in OP?
I'm thinking
>Law is Luffy's Whitebeard
>Blackbeard is BBEG
>Kidd, Hawkins and Drake will become Yonkou (Law being the other)
>Coby will be Luffy's Garp (I'm kinda stoked to what Coby's like after the timeskip, hoping he'll be a choujin by now)
>>100208958
The theory is pretty good but Blackbeard is left out. He will play a major role in that
>>100207364
>Roger has turnt Raftel in a golden Island with his Gold Gold no mi.
>The Island is now to heavy to be moved.
>>100229523
No he didn't. He was intentionally evasive.
Why is Ryuma so based?
>>100228910
Made this more accurate version, though it is a bit messy with all the red lines
Roger ate the clone-clone fruit, he sent his clone to be executed and he has been waiting on Raftel to explain everything to the person who can best him in a fight, so they can become pirate king.
>>100229523
No he didn't, and I hope you're not trying to cite the Green book, because that's made by his publishers.
>>100229716
>Smoker is obviously Luffy's Garp
>Law is Luffy's Whitebeard
>Zoro is Luffy's Rayleigh
Past that, who knows.
>>100230160
>>100228910
Didn't one of WB's allies have a monkey on his shoulder and raccoon eyes?
>>100230356
I think smoker's too old to be Luffy's Garp. Plus he's gonna die pretty soon -- all dat jobbing is gonna catch up with him.
>>100231748
Garp was older than Roger, too
>>100231748
Coby is his Garp
>>100232302
Coby is his Smoker if anything
>>100232571
Smoker is his Kong
>>100232662
Kong is his Sen Goku
>>100229716
>timeskip
wait..there's a second timeskip occurring?Local dementia support service Mearns Kirk Helping Hands has received a donation of £1,000 from family housebuilder Mactaggart & Mickel Homes’ Building Communities Fund.
The charity’s team of highly trained volunteers provides services and support to individuals and carers affected by the onset of Dementia or suffering social isolation or bereavement.
The much needed donation will allow Mearns Kirk Helping Hands to expand the range of support materials and equipment it provides, as well as covering general operating costs.
Mactaggart & Mickel Homes has a happy history of supporting good causes. Castle Grove in Newton Mears.
Joanne Casey from Mactaggart & Mickel commented: “Mearns Kirk Helping Hands is one of the first good causes to benefit from our Building Communities Fund and it gives us great pleasure to help them continue to make a difference in their local community.
“We have always been committed to working closely with the communities surrounding our developments, from being as considerate as possible during construction to supporting local organisations, charities, schools and groups.
“The Building Communities Fund allows us to give an extra helping hand to some of these deserving causes.”
Robert Paton, chairman of Mearns Kirk Helping Hands said: “We are an award-winning new charity which has grown out of Mearns Kirk, and our aim is to help those in the community who in turn support those suffering from social isolation, the effects of dementia and the impact of grief following the loss of a loved one.
“We are delighted to receive support from Mactaggart & Mickel Homes’ Building Communities Fund as it will assist us with the purchase of much needed technology in the form of new interactive IT equipment.”Follow my call along the Roman wall
Mystic signs of my family life
Dreaming of my playground
Didgeridoo Dreaming
(Lyrics from "Didgeridoo Dreaming", from my first Album Girl In The Moon, by gilli moon
A few months to my album release, and I'm doing some inner wanderings in Rome, Italy. It's really great to get outside the goldfish bowl of Los Angeles, and be in touch with the wisdom of the sages. Walking along the cobble stone streets, I feel the history, the wars, the romance, the writings, the Art, oh the Art.
And on that note, I'd like to reveal to my diary readers, my definitive CD cover for the upcoming album, The Stillness. I'm putting together a big party on Tuesday June 29, at The Mint, Los Angeles, to celebrate its release. There will be a collective of fabulous musicians who played on the record, and special guest artists too. Quite an extravaganza.
So what do you think of the album cover? I felt quite conflicted for many months in the creation of the cover. As I do them myself in Photoshop, I went through many metamorphoses and couldn't resolve it, having taken advice from different people,... until I finally listened to my own heart and splashed the digital paint the way I wanted to.This cover that I finally arrived at shows the message I want to create through the new album: stillness, peace, inner quiet, silence and, importantly, self-connection, amongst a tumultuous, roller coaster world. It defines my idea of being the master of your own destiny, and the ability to stay connected to your higher purpose, no matter the circumstances, outside forces or influences. So, in this CD Cover, I am sleeping, inside the turmoil of my paint. The painting is in fact one of my own acrylics on Canvas called The Cosmos. I laid a photocopy of my face in the center - I actually put my head in the photocopier to create the stillest, flattest profile I could create (something a camera wouldn't be able to capture). I think I have created the juxtaposition, the dichotomy that I wanted to achieve.
The back cover, on the other hand, has my eyes open, confident, and revealing. She stands convinced, amongst the blaze, amongst the spinning, ... she stands still, confident, appealing and in her own element, like Isis in Ancient Greece, or Matreya, goddess of women.
Leave a comment here on this blog if you like or on my Facebook page
Love and light
gilliRemembering Steve Jobs share October 6, 2011 Written by: Kathryn Personal Thank you, Steve Jobs, for changing my world.
love this clip. thank you steve jobs for making our lives so awesome and so much better… you make me want to be a crazy one even more;)
He was a great man and made a change for the whole world.
Beautiful tribute.
What a legacy he’s left. Lovely post.
Yes, thank you Steve Jobs, what an inspiration you have been!
What a legend, he will be missed.
canvas printDon't bother researching other hotels. Just returned from a few nights stay. What's not to like? Clean, spacious room, helpful staff, great location, and won't set you back as much as others. If you like watching sports Archie Manning just opened up a great bar a block from the hotel - fun watching March Madness over there, he even made an appearance. Loews is a really nice hotel.
-, Hotels.com, Sabre Hospitality Solutions, Priceline, TripOnline SA, HotelQuickly, getaroom.com and Cancel- Evidence-based daughter Dec 30, 2016
- Architectural Decision Making Oct 28, 2016
- OpenCL on a dual graphics Dell M4800 Aug 18, 2016 - Mar 1, 2017
- Total Perspective Vortex Jul 11, 2016
- The Automator Feb 3, 2016 - Dec 29, 2016
- Introducing Unfasta Jan 22, 2016
- Static sites the next big thing Jan 6, 2016
- Farewell Dr Dobb's Dec 16, 2015
- Blessed Redshift Nov 30, 2015
- Introducing ... io.zwets.it Oct 23,.5th Wheel Hitches
Whether you're towing cross country or hitting the family campground, 5th wheel trailers offer superior comfort, towing, and construction. Combine these amenities with a CURT 5th wheel hitch and you have the most well designed, problem free rig on the road!
Hitch Finder
.png)
.png)
Related Links
- jaw crushers in india mining operations
- internal grinding machine operations video
- grinding process finishing operations
- crusher plant operations
- jaw crushers in indian mining operations
- hammermill operations in tennessee
- jaw crushers in india 39 s mining operations
- big bench blasting in mining operations
- operations of coal mill samac
- general mill operations of ramu nickel mining
- portable rock crushers for mining operations
- coal crushing operations
- gold plants crushing operations
- gravel crushing operations layout
- cement plant operations handbook on kiln
operations of coal mill samac
cost of ball-race mills - ZCRUSHER
Hardwearing, durable mills for coal grinding in power plants, cement plants ball mill coal plant price – SAMAC Mining Buy Mining Ball Mill Price
Fls Vertical Roller Coal Mill Samac Mining
Fls Vertical Roller Coal Mill Samac MiningCyclone Unit Rod mill Belt Feeder Wear – Resistant Slurry Pump Concentrating
ball mill excel sheet coal surface mining samac
Products About Us Contact UsSolutionsHome / SolutionsSOLUTIONSUltrafine Powder Milling Plant in India In modern industries, powder has widely application an
Coal Operators' Conference | Faculty of Engineering and
The Coal Operators' Conference has been held at the University of Wollongong since 1998. The Conference is organised jointly by the Illawarra Branch of
jaw crusher assembly animation video samac - Quarry Crusher
2008128-jaw crusher assembly animation video samac Home › Projects › jawfor various installation types, basic structure components of coal mill
youtube operational ball mill
youtube ball mill cyclotec – SAMAC - Coal Surface youtube ball mill Ball Mill Operating Speed – Mechanical Operations Solved critical speed of
small gold ore milling machines samac
portable gold ore crusherused mining hammer mills for sale used small scalebrick crushing machines hull brick crushing machines hull SAMAC - Coal
feed hammer mill sale samac coal surface mining
CONSTRUCTION EQUIPEMENT PE Jaw Crusher PEW Jaw Crusher PF Impact Crusher PFW Impact Crusher CS Cone Crusher HPC Cone Crusher HCS Cone Crusher PY Cone
July 2000 – bbcs.biz
Heating Kit For Grinding Roll Of Coal Mill rolls crushers for coal samac – AASU SAMAC.into the operations of Small and Medium
working principle of coal mill – SAMAC Mining
Home Products Solution Material Final Size Capacity News Application Case About us Inquiryworking principle of coal millDescription : working principle of
stones cylinders, Ball Mill Operating Parameters ? Samac
grinding stones cylinders, Ball Mill Operating Parameters ? SamacHJ Series Jaw Crusher By analyzing customers’ requirements and absorbing the world-class
Content Posted in 2012 | [email protected] of
[email protected] of Nebraska - Lincoln My Account FAQ About HomeSupremacist Educational System: Tribute to Early Women Educators, Safoura
Atex in grinding coal mill
MPlant® Machinery is a specialist manufacturer of Coal beneficiation plant atex zone for coal mill – SAMAC Mining Prevent Explosions in Coal
Coal Mine Papua New Guinea For Sale Samac
Coal mine papua new guinea for sale samac, Crusher plant estone, Used construction and mining equipment for sale uk, Grinding mill in south africa
& Mill, Stone Crusher, Rock Crusher, Ore Crusher - SAMAC
SAMAC has endeavored to design and manufacture jaw crusher which is a Ball mills are used primarily for grinding various ores and other materials
fls vertical roller coal mill samac mining
fls vertical roller coal mill samac miningChat Now Raymond mill for coal spare part - Page 10 of raymond
coal mill supplier
Our core customers are coal fired power plants, mining operations, cement Coal Surface Mining - SAMAC who can help me with gold extraction of
scope of work coal mine
Scope Of Work Coal Mine Newest Crusher Grinding Mill scope of work coal mine Mining Solution 1 PROPOSED BICKHAM COAL
bbd 4760 ball tube coal mill msr gearbox
4760 Bbd Carbon Tube Ball Mill Gearbox Msrbbd 4760 ball tube coal mill msr gearbox get content coal conveyor and crushing bbd 4760 ball tube coal mi
An Introduction To Speedy Solutions In seo | salvatcollits
raymond coal mill adjusting vanes samac mining
>> Ball Mill >> Belt Conveyor >> BWZ Heavy Duty Apron Feeder >> CS Cone Crusher >> Flotation Machine >> Hammer Crusher >> High-frequency Screen
ball mill operating parameters samac
Ball Mills Design Parameters Of Vibrating Screen key parameters ball mills mining SAMAC Vibrating Screens Ball Mill Design Parameters Of Vibrating Sc
how to re line a ball mill
how to reline a ball mill - Coal Surface Mining - SAMAC 23 Oct 2013 … A worker was seriously injured during a ball-mill relining operation when
ball coal mill vibration
Ball Coal Mill VibrationCrusher Grinding Mill Manufacturer Crusher grinding machine used for crushing in stone quarry Coal Mill Vibration Analysis,Crus
coal mill in cement industry samac
HPT Cone Crusher PEW Jaw Crusher CS Cone Crusher Hammer Crusher PE Jaw Crusher PFW Impact Crusher HJ Series Jaw Crusher PF Impact Crusher HST Con
vertical roller mill coal & petcoke specification
Vertical Roller Mill Coal Petcoke Specification « Grinding Millvertical roller mill coal petcoke specification Description Grinding Roller Coal Mill Sama
foster coal mill
foster wheeler coal ball mill year 1986 – SAMAC foster wheeler coal ball mill year 1986 Description : Ball Mill Pulverizer Design – Foster Wheeler
coal mill vibration analysis samac
Your Location: Home >> coal mill vibration analysis samac coal mill vibration analysis samac If you have any question, please click here for live help
fls vertical roller coal mill samac mining
fls vertical roller coal mill samac mining FLS CEMENT MILL - CGM Grinding Plant - machinemine.com Reducing the water over flow in FLS Coal M
It seems Canberra is suddenly full of visionaries - ABC News
It seems Canberra is suddenly full of visionaries The Drum By Mungo MacTPP and ChafTa will be Mill Stones more likely."about to become broke andDog Walking in Murfreesboro
Book a dog walker to give your dog a 30-minute walk around your neighborhood.
A Friend Till Their Family Returns
Murfreesboro, TN, 37128
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
I Will pick up&drop off
Murfreesboro, TN, 37128
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Attentive- Compassionate- Energetic
Murfreesboro, TN, 37130
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
A leash above the rest
Murfreesboro, TN, 37130
Dog Boarding, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Your Dog's Second Best Friend
Murfreesboro, TN, 37130
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
All Fur-Babies Welcome!
Murfreesboro, TN, 37130
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Professional caregiver for your dog
Murfreesboro, TN, 37127
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
PartTime Sitter, FullTime Dog Lover
Murfreesboro, TN, 37128
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
work from home full-time 1 pup here
Murfressboro, TN, 37130
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
I'll play, run, walk with your dogs
Murfreesboro, TN, 37130
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Loves dogs and walking so why not!
Murfreesboro, TN, 37130
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Weekend dog sitter or walker
Murfreesboro, TN, 37130
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Rover also offers dog walking in:
When you need dog walking services, we doubt you'll find a better experience than through Rover. Thanks to our wide selection of dog walkers in Murfreesboro, Murfreesboro, Murfreesboro, TN, Rover.com is the simple, smart way to find and book dog walking services. Our Murfreesboro dog walkers are dog lovers first and foremost, and 95% of reviewed stays and walks have received a perfect five-star rating. Every new Rover dog walker in Murfreesboro, Murfreesboro with Rover's dog walking services.
In other words, when you use Rover to find Murfreesboro!Chloramphenicol spray price. Chloramphenicol price giant eagle
BUY CHLORAMPHENICOL NOW - CLICK HERE
Complete blood counts and differential reticulocyte counts should be performed in all patients prior to initiating therapy and approximately every 2 days during therapy.. ablon.info glucophage
No long-term studies have been conducted in animals or in humans to evaluate the potential or effects on fertility with chloramphenicol. When these functions are immature or seriously impaired in adults high concentrations of the drug are found which tend to increase with succeeding doses. If your doctor has prescribed this medication, remember that he or she has judged that the benefit to you is greater than the risk of side effects. Many people using this medication not have serious side effects. It may also occur in people who follow a strict vegetarian diet. If you are taking this product under your doctor's direction, your doctor or pharmacist may already be aware of any possible drug interactions and may be monitoring you for them. Do not stop, start, or change the dosage of any medicine before checking with them first. isoxsuprine
Other susceptible organisms which have been demonstrated to be resistant to all other appropriate antimicrobial agents. Nausea, vomiting, glossitis and stomatitis, diarrhea and enterocolitis may occur in low incidence. Use repaglinide with caution in the ELDERLY; they may be more sensitive to its effects. Low blood sugar levels may also be more difficult to recognize in elderly patients. Prescribing Information as of April 2007. generic priligy buy online
Use a grated potato as a poultice to reduce swelling in inflamed eyes.. how to get a ezetimibe prescription chloramphenicol should be given to a pregnant woman only if the potential benefit justifies the potential risk to the fetus. If your symptoms do not improve or if they become worse, check with your doctor. But when Pumba died in 2007, nothing could bring Terrace out of her funk. Chewable tablets of this medicine may contain aspartame. If you have phenylketonuria PKU or any other condition that requires you to restrict your intake of aspartame or consult your doctor or pharmacist about using this drug safely. University College of Veterinary Medicine. “But in clinical practice, there are a few situations where that is the only explanation. To apply drops, first. To avoid contamination, not touch the dropper tip or let it touch your or any other surface. If your liquid form is a suspension, shake the bottle well before each dose. Long-term or repeated use of gentamicin drops may cause a second infection. Tell your doctor if signs of a second infection occur. Your medicine may need to be changed to treat this. These dosage recommendations are extremely important because blood concentration in all premature and full-term neonates under two weeks of age differs from that of other infant neonates. This difference is due to variations in the maturity of the metabolic functions of the liver and the kidneys. Repeated courses of chloramphenicol treatment should be avoided if at all possible. As soon as feasible an oral dosage form of another appropriate antibiotic should be substituted for intravenous chloramphenicol sodium succinate. To clear up your infection completely, use gentamicin drops for the full course of treatment. Keep using it even if you feel better in a few days. Take with a full glass of water 8 ounces or 240 milliliters unless your doctor directs you otherwise. not lie down for 10 minutes after taking this medication.. This should not be used if you have certain medical conditions. The regular cleaning of work-surfaces and kitchen utensils with warm soapy water.
Store benzalkonium chloride solution at room temperature, between 59 and 86 degrees F 15 and 30 degrees C. Do not freeze. Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep benzalkonium chloride solution out of the reach of children and away from pets.. This product usually has no side effects. If you have any unusual effects, contact your doctor or promptly. This medication is not a substitute for a proper diet. It is important to maintain a well-. Consult your doctor or pharmacist for details. Rutala says that now that the effectiveness of commercial disinfectants for use in the home has been demonstrated, a controlled trial should be undertaken to determine if routine disinfection of home environmental surfaces will lead to decreased infection rates among household members. Receive this drug at evenly spaced intervals as prescribed by your doctor, and make sure not to miss any doses. Some medical conditions may interact with repaglinide. theophylline
How well do birth control pills work to prevent pregnancy? This medication may be taken with food if upset occurs. Drink plenty of fluids unless otherwise directed by your doctor. Precise control of concentration of the drug in the blood should be carefully followed in patients with impaired metabolic processes by the available microtechniques information available on request. Hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis: Onetime loading dose, with subsequent doses based on serum concentrations, estimated clearance and the patient's condition. Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing - Eighth Informational Supplement. If you are taking extended-release capsules, swallow the capsules whole. Do not crush or chew the capsules. Doing so can release all of the drug at once, increasing the risk of side effects. Most MAO inhibitors should also not be taken for two weeks before treatment with this medication. Ask your doctor when to start or stop taking this medication. B12 you absorb. Avoid taking large doses of vitamin C within one hour before or after taking this product. If you have any questions about benzalkonium chloride solution, please talk with your doctor, pharmacist, or other health care provider. No studies have been conducted in animals or humans to evaluate the possibility of these effects with chloramphenicol. See section titled “Gray Syndrome” under ADVERSE REACTIONS. azithromycin spray price azithromycin
In accord with the concepts in the and this above. If your doctor directs you to take this medication daily, take it regularly to get the most benefit from it. To help you remember, take it at the same times each day. To apply ointments, wash hands first. The classifications below are a general guideline only. It is difficult to determine the relevance of a particular drug interaction to any individual given the large number of variables. According to the PHLS, the use of antimicrobial substances cannot and should not be a substitute for good basic hygiene. Enterococci VRE. The natural products eliminated only 90% of the bugs. Store unmixed at room temperature away from light and moisture. not store in the bathroom. Keep all away from children and pets. Store at room temperature between 59-86 degrees F 15-30 degrees C away from light and moisture. not freeze. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep all medicines away from children and pets. Can Dogs Get Depressed?asia or hypoplasia. Peripherally, pancytopenia is most often observed, but in a small number of cases only one or two of the three major cell types erythrocytes, leukocytes, platelets may be depressed. Caution is advised if you have diabetes, alcohol dependence, or liver disease. Ask your doctor or pharmacist about using this product safely. Repaglinide should be used with extreme caution in CHILDREN; safety and effectiveness in children have not been. atomoxetine purchase pharmacy
Which Dogs Are Prone to Ear Infections? If you are using this product on a regular schedule and miss a dose, use it as soon as you remember.. Do not use this product if it becomes contaminated for example, drops turn a dark color. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep all medicines away from children and pets. If you are taking the chewable tablet, chew the medication thoroughly before swallowing. The progression of symptoms from onset to exitus was accelerated with higher dose schedules. If you have any of the following health problems, consult your doctor or pharmacist before using this product: diabetes, liver problems, vitamin B12 deficiency pernicious anemia. Severe allergic reactions rash; hives; itching; difficulty breathing; tightness in the chest; swelling of the mouth, face, lips, or tongue; infection; severe or persistent irritation, redness, pain, or swelling. Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute CLSI.. Therefore, separate your doses of these medications as far as possible from your doses of this product. Ask your doctor or pharmacist about how long you should wait between doses and for help finding a dosing schedule that will work with all your medications. If you are taking this product on a prescribed schedule and miss a dose, take it as soon as you remember. If it is near the time of the next dose, skip the missed dose and resume your usual dosing schedule. If you develop a new infection or injury, or require surgery, ask your doctor if you should continue to use your current bottle of fluorometholone eye drops or start a new bottle. lisinopril price giant eagle lisinopril
This medication is given by injection into a muscle or under the as directed by your doctor. Take tablets or capsules with a full glass of water 8 ounces or 240 milliliters unless otherwise directed by your doctor. Do not lie down for 10 minutes after taking your tablet or capsule dose.. In most cases therapy with chloramphenicol had been instituted within the first 48 hours of life..
brand chloramphenicol medicamento, cost per tablet chloramphenicol, buy chloramphenicol without consultation uk, order chloramphenicol coupon, chloramphenicol brand names south africa, purchase cheapest chloramphenicol store canada, when chloramphenicol after black friday, buy chloramphenicol roche, purchase chloramphenicol online mastercard australia, chloramphenicol order pharmacy europe, cheap chloramphenicol uk online, buy cheap chloramphenicol online, price of chloramphenicol without insurance, cheap chloramphenicol buy shop canada, generic chloramphenicol free shipping, how much does chloramphenicol 2016, chloramphenicol taguig, brand chloramphenicol review, buy now chloramphenicol online pharmacy, store chloramphenicol high, does walmart pharmacy sell chloramphenicol, pharmacy chloramphenicol usa, order cheapest chloramphenicol otc, chloramphenicol online shop europe, chloramphenicol cost in mexico, buy chloramphenicol express pharmacy, generic chloramphenicol mail order online, canada drugs chloramphenicol, canada brand chloramphenicol, venta de chloramphenicol, cost chloramphenicol sales, generic chloramphenicol order payment usa, cost chloramphenicol kit, chloramphenicol online no prescription, chloramphenicol cost monthly, order generic chloramphenicol pharmacy usa, farmacia online espana chloramphenicol, chloramphenicol canadian price, chloramphenicol getquit, buy chloramphenicol cheap, off brand for chloramphenicol, generic chloramphenicol best price, cheap brand chloramphenicol online, brand chloramphenicol buy online, generic chloramphenicol online europe, chloramphenicol online coupon, online chloramphenicol store reviews, price chloramphenicol zamienniki, who makes chloramphenicol in canada, buy chloramphenicol tesco, online chloramphenicol price, buy brand chloramphenicol online, when did generic chloramphenicol become available, cheapest chloramphenicol purchase shopping europe, brand chloramphenicol generico, chloramphenicol cheap australia, chloramphenicol purchase pharmacy, low cost alternative chloramphenicol, buy now chloramphenicol shop canada, generic chloramphenicol buy online, how to get a chloramphenicol prescription, buy chloramphenicol mastercard, chloramphenicol price giant eagle, chloramphenicol spray price
The use of the Truven Health products is at your sole risk. These products are provided "AS IS" and "as available" for use, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. Truven Health and Drugs. If any of these effects persist or worsen, tell your doctor or promptly. Before using, check this product visually for particles or discoloration. If either is present, not use the liquid. buy deltasone mastercard
Symptoms may include seizures; symptoms of low blood sugar eg, increased hunger or sweating, fast heartbeat, anxiety, dizziness or headache, tremors, chills, vision changes. If you are giving this medication to yourself at home, learn all preparation and usage instructions from your professional. Before using, check this product visually for particles or discoloration. If either is present, not use the liquid. Learn how to store and discard medical supplies safely. How Can Canine Distemper Be Prevented? Chioramphenicol should be used only in those serious infections for which less potentially dangerous drugs are ineffective or contraindicated. monteluk is a combination of B vitamins used to treat or prevent vitamin deficiency due to poor diet, certain illnesses, alcoholism, or during pregnancy. Vitamins are important building blocks of the body and help keep you in good health. The use of this antibiotic, as with other antibiotics, may result in an overgrowth of nonsusceptible organisms, including fungi. If infections caused by nonsusceptible organisms appear during therapy, appropriate measures should be taken. This medication may mask the signs of an infection. It may also put you at greater risk of developing an infection, especially with prolonged use. buy now famciclovir shop canada.STEPHEN THOMAS ROMAN SOCIAL SECURITY NO. 4412 (LAST 4 DIGITS)
The opinion of the court was delivered by: Percy Anderson U.S. District Judge
JUDGMENT AND PROBATION/COMMITMENT ORDER
MONTH DAY YEAR
In the presence of the attorney for the government, the defendant appeared in person on this date. 08 03 2009
X WITH COUNSEL Robert M. Sheahen, Ret.
(Name of Counsel)
X GUILTY, and the court being satisfied that there is a factual basis for the plea.
NOLO CONTENDERE NOT GUILTY
There being a finding/verdict of X GUILTY, defendant has been convicted as charged of the offense(s) of: Distribution of a Controlled Substance Resulting in Death in violation of Title 21 U.S.C. §§841(a)(1),(b)(1)(C), Distribution of a Controlled Substance to Persons Under Twenty-One Years of Age in violation of Title 21 U.S.C. § 859, and Aiding and Abetting and Causing an Act to Be Done in violation of Title 18 U.S.C. § 2, as charged in Count 1 of the Indictment; and Distribution of a Controlled Substance Resulting in Death in violation of Title 21 U.S.C. §§841(a)(1),(b)(1)(C), as charged in Counts 2 and, Stephan Thomas Roman, is hereby committed on each of counts 1, 2 and 3 of the Indictment to the custody of the Bureau of Prisons to be imprisoned for a term of 180 months, to be served concurrently.
Upon release from imprisonment, the defendant shall be placed on supervised release for a term of six years on each of counts one, two and three, to be served mental health evaluation and treatment to the aftercare contractor during the period of community supervision, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.; and
The defendant shall cooperate in the collection of a DNA sample from the defendant.
The court recommends that the Bureau of Prisons consider the defendant for placement in the 500-hour Residential
It is ordered that the defendant shall pay to the United States a special assessment of $300, which is due immediately.
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3664(d)(5), the determination of restitution is deferred until October 12, 2009. An AmendedWe visited Westleigh Farm for a short 2 night stay. You'd have to be hard to please to find any fault with the hospitality and comfort on offer, Add the peace and quiet and it made for a really enjoyable stay. It made a pleasant...More
Stayed here for 2 nights and the rooms were excellent...very comfortable and the bathrooms fantastic with great water pressure.(if you have read my other reviews you will know where I'm coming from). The Host is most welcoming and and very accommodating (if you have an...More
This is a beautiful quiet b&b, the rooms are amazing and bathroom was massive, clean and very very tidy, everything is clearly carefully looked after with great pride and colour co ordinated very well, the lady is lovely and welcoming, we would come here again
I stayed here as a last minute overnight business stay. While it's a little off the beaten track it's not that difficult to find but worth it.
The building itself is a little tired but if anything that adds to the 'quirkiness'
Breakfast is excellent...More
Thoroughly enjoyed my stay here in the most relaxing and beautiful setting I could have asked for.
The hosts were attentive and thoughtful and the room and food was above and beyond brilliant.
I would highly recommend a stay here if you are on business...More [...]
Notice of Price Increase for Trunks
I’m sorry to say that the declining Canadian dollar has, once again, affected the price of our trunks; resulting in a slight price increase. As a major portion of my supplies are purchased in, or [...]
Trunks are sold out through 2018
New orders are currently not expected to be completed until well into 2019. As a result of the continued interest in the regimental trunks, pre-orders have now been booked into 2019, unless production changes favourably. [...]My name is Goran Šerić, and I am WordPress developer living in the charming town of Split, Croatia.
I’m also the husband of beautiful wife and father of two great kids. Besides spending time with my family and web development, I enjoy traveling as much and as far as possible. Preferably by motorcycle 🙂
Along with working as Sr. Web Developer @ Convertiv, doing mostly WordPress development, I am running the family business with my brother Robert, an ex skydiver. We are the owners of Croatia Camper; a company specialized for camper rentals in Croatia and neighboring countries.
I am very active in Croatian WordPress community and regularly speaking about WordPress, co-organizing regular WordPress Meetups in Split and various WordPress related workshops. I was co-organizer of WordCamp Split 2016 and member of organizing teams for WordCamp Croatia 2015 and WordCamp Zagreb 2017.
If you need any help with WordPress, looking for a great way to visit Croatia or just want to say hello, feel free to contact me.
See you around....
The Modern Family DBT Class educates family members of West Pine's
patients about the Dialectical Behavior Therapy skills their loved
ones are...
This class is recommended for anyone living with or caring for infants and young children.
Bi-Monthly EMS Continuing Education Lecture
Online Webinar Attendance
Bi-Monthly EMS Continuing Education Lecture
Onsite Attendance
To learn more about surgical options and to find out if you may be a candidate for weight loss surgery, attend one of our FREE seminars.
Wondering how you will manage labor? Confidence begins here.
Getting ready for your hospital stay couldn't be easier!
Get tips to help you manage your family's health, options to boost your fitness and advice to live your best life.
NEXT SECTIONPrey? Enemy? Target? In most forms, not my favourite group.
Can the lobbyists be stopped?
And to know 'em, is to, well, know 'em.
Some interesting replies already. Mine:
A register. That'll do it.
Just like not requiring a DoB on a CV will prevent ageism-related employment practices.
Gotta love the notion that if it's on paper it can't be circumvented in a millisecond in other ways.
Guardian - Confusing politics with science - I was looking for a place to stick this. As the word is used, I guess here'll do. As well as noting the public interest possibly not being served by most 'sides' arguing over our futures. At least a few in the thread see that being 'right' doesn't mean diddly if the public doesn't get on board.From: Howard Teitelbaum <golq337@golq.org> Subject: Golden Oldies Lyrics Quiz 337 (GOLQ337) Message-Id: <20150202202321.1D617278918@nezumi.pair.com> Date: Mon, 2 Feb 2015 15:23:21 -0500 (EST) GOLDEN OLDIES LYRICS QUIZ #337 (GOLQ337) Welcome to the February edition of the quiz - no themes this time. -- Howard Teitelbaum ============================================================================ Blindly searching for lyrics on the Internet is not in the spirit of the GOLQs, and we disapprove of this practice. Entries are due by 5:00 PM EST (GMT-5) on Saturday, February 28, 2015. E-mail early, because you can't be sure of how long it will take for your message to reach GOLQ World Headquarters. DO NOT POST your answers to any newsgroups, discussion forums, etc. E-mail your entry to <golq337@golq.org>. By using this address, you will be able to determine whether your entry has been received by viewing the GOLQ entry log at. Use this address only for GOLQ337 #337 Recordings #01-25 were from 1955 through 1969 Due 5:00 PM EST (GMT-5) on Saturday, February 28, 2015. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Don't you hear that music? A sound you never heard before #01) Baby, it's gettin' late and I've gotta go Here's something that you oughta know I've had the time of my life #02) To let you know what you've meant to me Guess it was meant to be I hold you in my heart As life's most precious part #03) Imprisoned by the way it could have been Left here on my own, or so it seems I've got to leave before I start to scream But someone's locked the door and took the key #04) Hip! I didn't know I could sail (Hip-hip!) Like a penny boat in a gale What she's doin' Will be the ruin of me #05) Loud and clear Your sweet chimes Love to hear #06) To who do you do the thing to do? When it's time to do it, no matter to who #07) When I saw you I knew that I was gonna love you And every day, I thought of how I'm gonna love you #08) I let it get away Been payin' every day #09) Was it that she Just couldn't understand a man like me? Was I to blame? Did I leave too many things unexplained? #10) And so, we'll wander hand-in-hand Into love's wonderland #11) Cinderella lost her slipper At the queen's ball But she found a prince So handsome, so tall #12) Where life's river flows No one really knows 'Til someone's there to show #13) And darling, then I read again Right from the start #14) Well, they're movin' and a-groovin' and they're dancing with-a all they got I see 'em shimmy, waddle-waddle, and a-stompin' like I don't know what #15) Pillows lying on your bed Oh my darling, rest your head #16) Oh, my sweet fraeulein down in Berlin town Makes my heart start to yearn #17) The kind of guy is he Who will lead you to believe That you're the only love in his life #18) Every time I faced the world I just had to cry I stood alone with no love of my own But then you happened by #19) When you call my name, baby You call me Mr. Clean I'm gonna give you lovin' That you ain't never seen #20) Sometimes I wanna stay here Then again, I wanna leave Times I wanna leave here Then again, I wanna stay #21) Listen, who cares who was right or wrong (right or wrong)? I just know I need you And by your side is where I belong #22) I can feel a new expression on my face I can feel a glowing sensation taking place #23) Whose hairstyles are out of this world? Whether it's straight or bouffant or it's curled #24) Well, what fruit it bears What good is love Mmm, that no one shares? #25) ------------ Tie-Breakers ------------ Now that we found each other Where do we go now? I'd like to know what you're thinkin' Answer me slowly now #T1) Well, a poor boy took his father's bread Started down the road, started down the road Took all he had and started down the road #T2) ============================================================================ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please fill in the following information (append at the end of each line): Name(s) = E-mail address = Age(s) [will be published if provided] = Number of people (including you) who contributed to your answers = ----------------------------------------------------------------------------Related Links
- used portable jaw crusher australia 10脳12
- portable gold shaker table process crusher
- how much is a portable gold crusher
- portable ore crushing plant machine supplier
- portable crushing and screening plants india
- portable gold mill sale
- minerals portable crushers in south africa
- photographs of portable rock crushing plants
- 30 50tp/h portable crushing plant
- portable cedar rapids jaw crushers
- portable small rock jaw crusher / hammer mill
- portable stone crusher used in sudmexico
- portable impact crusher plant for sale
- portable scrap metal crusher
- portable mobile crushing plants
portable crushing machine for line crushing
Mobile Impact Crusher Used in Peridot/Olivine Quarrying
Peridot/Olivine belongs to the brittle material. Its quarrying production line mainly refers to impact crusher plant. is a professional mobile impact
Mobile Crushing Machine for Quarry Plant
201215- mobile crushing plants for primary crushing are built around the proven jaw and impact crusher concepts. has installed over
Portable Crushing Factory, China Portable Crushing Factory
Portable crushing factory direct sale from China. You can buy factory price portable crushing factory products from qualified factories. We offer you a
Mobile crushing station,Mobile crusher plant,Portable crusher
Portable crusher is an ideal portable crusher for primary crushing in large quarries. portable jaw crusher plants are built around proven jaw
Portable Crushing Equipment_
2012116-machines in one: it is equipped with an integrated, detachable screen thatproven and comprehensive product line of LT mobile cr
Jaw Crusher,Cone Crusher,Impact Crusher,Mobile Crushing Plant
Henan Kefan mainly supply jaw crusher, cone crusher, impact crusher, mobile crushing plant, sand maker, stone production line, roll crusher, sand washer,
Portable Crushing - Portable Crushing Manufacturers, Suppliers
Portable Crushing ☆ Find 167 portable crushing products from 103 manufacturers & suppliers at EC21. ☆ Choose quality portable crushing manufacturers,
Crushing Machine Manufacturers,Portable Crushing Plant -
Henan Mining Machinery Co. Ltd. is a large crushing equipment manufacturer, with main crushing equipments including jaw crusher, cone crusher,
Crusher Machine,Mining Machine,Sand Production Line,Process
Mining Machine,Crusher Machine,Sand Production Line,Vertical Shaft Impact Crusher,Gravel Production Line,Quartz Sand Production Line ,Building Sand Production
Mobile Impact Crusher Used in Peridot/Olivine Quarrying
Peridot/Olivine belongs to the brittle material. Its quarrying production line mainly refers to impact crusher plant. is a professional mobile impact
quarry equipment,quarry plant,Aggregate Processing Line,Sand
Crushing Plants | Tracked Crusher | Aggregate Processing Line | Sand Making Quarry equipment play a dominate position among crusher machine Mobile
Machine, find Mobile Crushing Machine deals on line at
Find the cheap Mobile Crushing Machine, Find the best Mobile Crushing Machine deals, Sourcing the right Mobile Crushing Machine supplier can be time-
Portable Crushing Equipment_
2012116-machines in one: it is equipped with an integrated, detachable screen thatproven and comprehensive product line of LT mobile cr
Crusher,Mobile crusher,Crusher Machine - Mining
It Supply Mobile Crusher, Impact Crusher, Cone Crusher, Jaw Crusher, Sand Making Machine, Mining Crushing Equipment an
mobile/movable crusher machinery/line/plant China (Mainland)
mobile/movable crusher machinery/line/plant,complete details about mobile/movable crusher machinery/line/plant provided by Shandong Jieli Machine Co., Ltd
Stone Crusher,Stone Crushing,Stone crusher machine,jaw
Stone Crusher,Stone Crushing and all kinds of Crusher Equipment are producted by Machinery. if you want to buy stone crusher,Stone crusher machine
Portable Impact Crushing Plant tradenote.net
Portable Impact Crushing Plant, Magnetic Seperator, Jaw Crusher, Impact Crusher, Aggregate Plant 150-180TH, Aggregate Plant 40-60TH, Mobile Crusher, Impact
Quarry Machine | Info about stone crusher, stone grinding
Mobile stone crushing plant can be moved easily, and is suitable for the most important crushing machines in the stone crushing production line
portable crushing machine for line crushing
portable crushing machine for line crushingPortable Crushing Station For Line, Portable Crushing Station . Wholesale Various High Quality Portabl
mill,Impact Crusher,Sand maker,Rotary kiln,Mobile crusher-
The stone crushing machine includes jaw crusher, cone crusher, impact Mobile Crushing Station Linear Vibrating Screen Roller CrusherPRODUCTION LINE
China Portable Stone Crushing Machine Mobile Crusher Plant -
2011117-China Portable Stone Crushing Machine Mobile Crusher Plant, Find details about China Mobile Crusher, Mobile Stone Crusher from Portable Ston
Fote Machinery(FTM) - Stone Crushing Machine:Jaw Crusher,Cone
Henan Fote Heavy Machinery Co,. Ltd, the original Henan First Machinery Manufacturing Company, with main crushing equipments including jaw crusher, cone
crusher|Deyi Heavy Industry Machine Manufacturing Co. LTD.
Crushers, including jaw crusher,cone crusher, hammer crusher impact crusher, are part of our main products. We also can provide the whole equipments for
Stone Production Line Portable Stone Crusher Machine Price -
Stone Production Line Portable Stone Crusher Machine Price , Find Complete Details about Stone Production Line Portable Stone Crusher Machine Price,Portable
Stone Milling Plant Machinery-Mobile Stone Crushing Machine-
The machine series is designed for milled stone product's characteristic; their designs are good for structure shaping, and working performance with high
Mobile Crusher,Portable Crusher,Mobile Crusher Plant,
Mobile crusher can also be called portable crusher, portable breaker,mobile crusher plant or mobile crushing plant. It is a simple stone production line
Gold Crusher » Blog Archive » Portable Mica Crushing
2014326- crusher for diatomite,gold,river sand,iron,cobalt,phosphate crushing process design and build up.The production line and single mobile crus
Portable Jaw Crushing Machine Supplier, Find Best Portable
Find Best Portable Jaw Crushing Machine Supplier on Alibaba Portable Jaw Crushing Machine Supplier Directory. Source Top Quality Portable Jaw Crushing Machine
Jaw Stone Crusher, Mobile Stone Crusher, Stone Crushing Line-
Cone crusher mobile crushing plant is developed by our company introduced a new rock crushing equipment, greatly expanding the crushing, crushing operations
and Screening Line For Sale - crusher machine for sale
Shanghai is a professional mining equipment manufacturing company, we produce all types of ore mineral crusher, mill, sand making machine, mobileWell I just came back from running errands and you can all guess where my truck went... to the thrift store of course LOL. I didn't find too much stuff but I least I didn't leave empty handed. I don't know how they price stuff because there was a smaller pig and I mean much smaller than this one and it was priced higher. When I saw the grapevine rooster I couldn't leave him there so he'll have a spot in my home but I'm not sure where yet LOL.
Thyme to show you a Sweet Snowman Angel
1 week ago
I always have time to read your comments.Who We Are
What We Did
We extracted living organisms from the coastal waters and tested saline content in the water.
What We Learned
We learned various types of equipment used to extract organisms from the coastal waters. We learned the four types of environment that affect our coastal waters: mangrove, marshland, oyster reefs, and sea grass.
Indian Point equipment:
Throw trap: the large square net you throw and then sweep for organisms
Benthic sled: the long net on runners you run along the bottom of the water
Suction sampler: the motor and hoses that sucks water and organisms out of the barrel
Benthic core sampler: the pvc cylinders that removed a section of the sediment
Refractometer: the device used to measure salinity
Hydrolab and toughbook: the computer and data sonde that we can use to take readings of temperature, turbidity, salinity, dissolved oxygen, etc.
Questions We Have
What kind of changes might take place to the living organisms of the coastal waters if the exotic mangrove takes over the salt grass and/or marshlands?
Connections to Teaching
Providing students with hands on experiences will not only engage the students but leave a lasting impression.
Curriculum content areas that can be meet with this experience are:
scientific procedure- teaching hypothesis, data, thesis, procedure, and results
chemical/physical change- students can take water samples testing saline content and then recreate their own water solution matching the sample level. Then students can extract the water and test the theory of physical and/or chemical changes. The smaller generations means that the proportion of elderly (made wealthier and healthier by the booming economy) is skyrocketing, while the workforce is shrinking.
LoveA view across the grass to Speaker's Corner, the north east corner of Hyde Park, London, on the day of the Stop the War demo in 2003 (Saturday, March 22nd.)
One of the regular characters, waving a bible and arguing with hecklers who dallied to torment him on their way to the demo. (I don't think the whistles are part of the heckling.) (Listen)
Don't go via the underpass if you can help it. [Is this still the same? Ed]
V. S. Naipaul on Speakers' Corner: V. S. Naipaul arrived in London in the late fifties or early sixties (?). He has published some of his impressions in a short story "Bohemia." Here is a snippet where he mentions his alter ego Willie Chandran's first impression of Speakers' Corner.
"The only two places he knew about were Buckingham Palace and Speakers' Corner. He was disappointed by Buckingham Palace. He thought the maharaja's palace in his own state was far grander, more like a palace, and this made him feel, in a small part of his heart, that the kings and queens of England were impostors, and the country a little bit of a sham. His disappointment turned to something like shameat himself, for his gullibilitywhen he went to Speakers' Corner. [...] He didn't expect to see an idle scatter of people around half a dozen talkers, with the big buses and the cars rolling indifferently by all the time. Some of the talkers had very personal religious ideas, and Willie, remembering his own home life, thought that the families of these men might have been glad to get them out of the house in the afternoons."
Text: Feargal Mooney. Pictures: Ossian Lennon. Sound: Ida TokenDo you have to speak in public for your job? Do you wish you could become a better speaker? You are in good company if public speaking intimidates you. The following article was written to help address this issue. Keep reading for advice to help you in your problem areas.
When you speak in public, remember that people will not automatically follow what you say. You need to work at keeping the audience focused on what you’re saying throughout the entire speech. To get results, you must work for it.
Know your speech through and through. After you have committed the speech to memory, now is the time you want to perfect your delivery. Once you have the speech memorized, you can ad lib once you are on the stage.
After committing your speech to memory, practice it over and over. This will allow you time to tweak the speech if needed. Also take this time to perfect your conscious breathing and pacing. Make time for any interruptions that may happen. If you can, do a trial run of the speech in the same room that you will be delivering it to an audience.
When you prepare your speech, make sure you have a good understanding of the topic before you begin. Do some broad research that gives you all sides of the topic at hand. Make notes of this and use it in your speech. When the time comes for the audience to ask questions, you will be glad that you prepared so thoroughly.
Public Speaker
Anyone can be a great public speaker. Apply these tip and you will become a great public speaker. All these suggestions will definitely help with that. Keep using the tips often. Eventually, you will feel at ease when you are speaking in public. This will also be a huge benefit for you at your workplace.SkyWalker Property, TSW Alliance Partner on East Texas Investment
ARLINGTON, Texas – SkyWalker Property Partners and TSW Alliance LLC have acquired the majority of ready-to-build lots in a 300-acre golf course community on the shores of Lake Bellwood in East Texas.
The 18-acre acquisition in Tyler’s Cascades of Texas consists of 87 residential lots situated within walking distance of the development’s well-appointed clubhouse, full-service spa and fitness club, swimming pool, tennis courts, marina and boat house. The Cascades Country Club features several dining venues, both fine dining and casual, and event spaces that can accommodate large banquets to intimate gatherings.
To kick off the investment, the partners will begin construction immediately on several spec houses in partnership with a local homebuilder. Finished homes will be tailored to today’s marketplace, featuring designs from 2,100 sf to 3,000 sf with price points from $300,000 to $650,000. The oversized lots will be sold for $55,000 to $150,000 in the retail market.
The Cascades’ five-star amenity package has thrived in recent years despite lagging lot sales – an opportunity that caught the eye of Arlington, Texas-based SkyWalker Property, a recognized investor in value-add and distressed deals. Its partner, TSW principal Todd White, is well-versed in destination resorts and communities, having once overseen a multibillion-dollar portfolio of exclusive developments coast to coast. The 87 lots were acquired from Cascades of Tyler Homes JV.
White has family living in Tyler so he’s quite familiar with the market, so much so that he’s been scouting for commercial investments in the city for the past year. He sourced the deal and then took it to his longtime friend, Gary Walker, principal of SkyWalker Property and managing partner of Hangover Opportunity Fund, which has invested in 13 commercial properties with a total capitalization of $24.4 million in the past three years in its bid to build a $100 million portfolio of commercial properties in Texas and surrounding states.
“I’ve always had a desire to invest in multifamily and single-family properties. This is a business I know really well although this is a one-off venture for TSW Alliance,” White says. “There is a supply-demand imbalance in Tyler, which has just a handful of available lots and only a few with amenities.”
As the seat of Smith County, Tyler is the manufacturing, health care, educational and retail center of East Texas. The 49.4-square mile city gained close to 2,000 residents from 2010 to 2011, with the population currently hovering 99,000 and steadily climbing.
Located off Loop 323 just minutes from the downtown, the Cascades of Texas is bookended by two lakes and features majestic stands of oaks and pines. Its 7,142-yard, par 71 championship course, which underwent a multimillion-dollar restoration in 2002, is considered the finest golf club in East Texas. The property is managed by Austin-based Touchstone Golf Services.
###
To schedule an interview:
Todd White, 214-882-9093
Gary Walker, 817-226-0000.OK, YUM!!!!
We spent the weekend at our farm this weekend and even though we travel there often, I like to pretend it's vacation and splurge. I tried a few dessert recipes I have been wanting to make. Oh my goodness...these s'mores bars were divine!! Thank you Paula Deen!
S'mores Bars
makes about 2 dozen
1/2 cup butter, softened
3/4 cup sugar
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 1/3 cup all-purpose flower
3/4 cup graham cracker crumbs (about 6 sheets)
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
4 (1.5 ounce) Hershey's Milk Chocolate Bars
1 cup marshmallow creme (I used 1 1/2 cups)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly grease an 8-inch baking pan.
In a large bowl, beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer at medium speed, until creamy. Add egg and vanilla; beat until combined.
In a small bowl, combine flour, graham cracker crumbs, baking powder and salt. Add to butter mixture, and beat until combined. Press half of dough in the pan, spreading evenly. Lay chocolate bars on top of dough, breaking apart as needed to create an even layer of chocolate. Spread marshmallow creme over chocolate bars.
Spread remaining dough over marshmallow creme and chocolate bars. Bake 30 to 35 minutes, depending on your oven temperature (I took mine out after 25 minutes).
1 comment:
mmm looks gooood! thanks for the recipe! i am going to try it!Hoping to see a Adobe Color standalone app (on desktop) someday
Thanks for the suggestion. I'll pass it along.
Would love to see the Theme Picker integrated into the products themselves!
There's an official Photoshop extension with full feature support. The same functionality is built into InDesign under "Window". There's a Color themes window with limited functionality for Illustrator under "Window". Although I haven't tried the latest versions of the other Adobe apps, I believe many have similar functionality built in too.tonight is my first girl's night in manhattan (so excited!) and it's gotten me thinking about girlfriends.
me and my little sisser (the original girlfriend)
me and my little sisser (the original girlfriend)
i always considered myself lucky because, while i did my fair share of dating, i never had my heart broken by a boy. not really. but by a girlfriend. that's happened to me more than once, and boy did my heart break into little pieces. how could it not? when you're close to someone as sisters, share you life's joys and heartaches- it's hard to understand when they turn their back on you.
our culture knows all about break-ups and how hard they are, but how many songs are written about the end of a friendship? how many movies are all about the heartache that comes with losing a girlfriend? there is no road map to overcoming that kind of loss (and betrayal). it feels pretty lonely.
high school girlfriends!
we all know the term "frenemy"- someone who is your friend, but deep down they're really your enemy. someone who secretly competes with you and doesn't have you're best interest at heart. i think it's so sad that girls have this competitive nature with each other. i find myself fighting off those competitive and petty impulses sometimes when i should really be supporting and encouraging!
college girlfriends and roommates (dressed in black after an orchestra concert)
does anyone else know what i'm talking about?
when i moved to michigan it took me years to open myself to becoming best friends with someone again. and it's sad. i've moved on now, and done a lot of healing, but it still hurts to look back on those friendships and see what i've lost. i still don't always know why. it's hard not to blame yourself (i still do) but i think i've learned how to be a true friend again, and i owe it all to my girlfriends! because even though i've been hurt before, they're still some of the most important people in my life and the girls that helped pick me up when i was down. i learned how to trust again.
so to all my girlfriends (you know who you are) today i am thankful for you and i miss you all dearly! know that i don't ever want to take you for granted.
(and we're still girlfriends even if we're family :)
the photo of you and your sis is my favorite. so timeless....
btw - thanks for the add!
I do know! I have a girlfriend from age 13 that lives one mile away.
We may not hang out all the time, but I know I can turn to her for anything.
Cute pics!
I totally agree with the songs about lost lovers, and NO songs about lost friends?! That's crazy talk! I too have had a couple bad break ups with friends... they are harder than break-ups with boys.
Thanks for visiting! You comment... I follow!! :)
I agree totally! I don't know what I would do without my girls:)
i value my girlfriends, too. especially one in particular :)
Stopping by from SITS! I love my girlfriends. I'm an only child so my girlfriends are like my extended family.
OMG you hit the nail right on the head--a break-up with a girlfriend CAN be more difficult than a break-up with a boyfriend. I'm lucky to have a small group of really close girlfriends, but we've certainly had our ups and downs. Great post!
Stopping by from SITS!
I've actually gone through breakups with friends before too. Both times have been quite painful -- mostly because they were blaming me for things that I didn't do. I really miss the girls I was close to in high school. Luckily, I've got some really amazing friends from college that I've kept in touch with and have grown closer to some from high school that I never expected to be so close with.
This is such a wonderful post! And yes you are so right...boys have broken my heart but losing a really good girlfriend is devastating! Thankfully it hasn't happened often but when it has, it hurts!!
Stopping by from SITS!
Oh well, this touches a nerve! I've had many break ups for various reasons over the years, the majority being when I had twins. That was it for a lot of friends. It was as if I'd died. There was I, coping with a toddler and twins, trying to keep working and studying and the majority of my friends saw this, saw how mad it was and abandoned me. I can laugh about it now but it totally broke my heart back then.
Girlfriends and sisters are the best....the ones I have now, I love more than they know (obviously, the sisters are the same.... ;O)
Thanks for this, it was nice to think of it all. Specially gin-soaked. xxxxxxx
love you....sorry ( though its never enough ) ...I love you.
N.
Girls can be nasty. I am not sure why some are like that. It's best to get rid of poison 'friends'. Who needs them. Hold on tight to those good ones.
Happy SITS day.
LisaDay
If you're blessed to have a circle of girlfriends in your life, hold on to it. There's nothing like being able to pick up the phone knowing that someone you love & trust is on the other end ready to share and support you in all of your life's ups and downs.
I hope you and your girlfriends will be able to overcome your differences.
awwww such a great post. i think that with age (and maturity) the competitiveness falls by the wayside for most, life is too short to waist spending energy and time with someone and not truly enjoying them! warm wishes for many years of happy times and great girlfriends =)
It IS hard opening up to new friends in a new place. I've made two big moves in my life, and I've bounced back from each, but it definitely took more time the second time. Totally worth it, though.
Such a sweet post. Brings tears to my eyes thinking of my best friend who I lost 3 years ago (not in an argument, it was a plane crash). Good girlfriends are so rare, at least for me because I'm such an introvert. I do feel lucky to have had her in my life.
Time to pull myself together and get back to blogging. I think you're the first SITSah who's made me cry! :)
The break-up of my best friend and I happened more than a decade ago, yet I still think about it. Mostly because I don't know exactly what happened other than knowing whose hand was heavy in creating the lies that got my friend so upset.
Now, I have friends that are so much better. We're closer and they're just better people in general. It's tough, but it will happen.
Happy SITS day!
Stopping by from SITs ... Such a sweet post. I have 2 best friends in particular... Have a wonderful day!
THAT is the cutest picture of you and your sis. (((awwww))) I can totally relate. It's never easy to have a friendship dissolve, but sometimes life pulls us away from the people we think know us the best. But there is a silver lining to that as well because we mature, we find out about ourselves, and we learn to surround ourselves with the finest people this world has to offer. At least that's what I did when I broke ties with some friends from high school/college.
Great post :)
I can completely relate to what you're saying. I have "broken up" with one friend over and over, but I keep coming back for more. I'm so pathetic. It's almost worse than an ex-boyfriend. I keep hoping she'll turn around THIS TIME and we'll still be friends. I don't know why I should expect a leopard to change her spots.
hmpf.
You know, my best friend moved in with her boyfriend and far away after Christmas and I feel so abandoned. I am happy that she is happy but I miss her very much. And honestly, I just don't feel like making any new friends right now. I need time to heal. : ( I miss girlfriends. I think she is going to go to sex and the city with me and our friend marsha though...so that will be nice. I miss her so. Great post.
Happy SITS day! I love the picture of you and your sister. I'm in my fifties and my sister still is my best girlfriend.
She lives in Kansas as does most of my family while I'm out in California missing the open land.Oh my God! I think I've just come in my pants...
The Neverending Betrayal at House on the Hill - With the release of the Widow's Walk expansion I and my beloved boardgaming (also, you know, proper) friends decided to return to *Betrayal at House on th...
1 year ago
5 comments:
Oh, fuck this shit.
Heads = 360; Tails = PS3
I will just flip a coin to determine which version to get. That looks like the only logical thing I can do at the moment.
This game looks SOOOOOOOOO good!!!
March 2009 is it? *puts away $60 for RE5*
I'm sure either version will kick ass, although I'm a bit disapointed with the excessive similarity with RE4... I don't know, I just can't stop thinking that they could've done more than just make a RE4 in a new place with (way) better graphics...
*FK heads off to change pants* Gentlemen! Good to see you here!
Neba, it is like you are reading my mind. RE 5 looks almost exactly the same as RE 4. There are some minor tweaks like the multuplayer, but it doesn't feel like a successful progression from last gen to next gen. Hopefully, Capcom will address this by the release date.Illustration from Unravel – Autumn Winter 2017 Modern Streetwear and Sculpted silhouettes. A fresh, modern, Post apocalyptic take onMore..
Tag Archives: Autumn Winter 2017..eagle-eyed
You agree with international-dictionary.com terms of use and privacy policy
ea•gle-eyed
Adjective:
Sharp-sighted as an eagle. "Inwardly eagle-eyed." Howell.
See a mistake? Help us improve the quality of the definitions. It's fast and easy - simply click the edit icons and follow the prompts. Thank you for your help!
Visitors are welcome to help us expand the meaning of eagle-eyed. Fill in the form below to add your definition, example or comment.
Prove you are not a machineEnter the code
Other words similar to eagle-eyed can be found below:
Thank you for visiting international-dictionary.com, a free online dictionary with over 200,000 definitions of words and phrases. You are visitor 64 on this page. Please help us expand the meaning of eagle-eyed by providing an alternate definition or example above. Please add comments to help us improve the site. There are 4 Categories for this word. This is word 74014 in our dictionary.President Obama on Wednesday thanked the Washington press corps during his final news conference — and in a not-so-veiled message to Donald Trump pointedly talked about the news media’s vital role in a Democracy.
“I have enjoyed working with all of you. That does not of course mean that I’ve enjoyed every story that you have filed, but that’s the point of this relationship. You’re not supposed to be sycophants, you’re supposed to be skeptics — cast a critical eye on folks who hold enormous power and make sure that we are accountable to the people who sent us here and you have done that,” the president said from the White House.
“And you have done it for the most part in ways that I could appreciate for fairness even if I didn’t always agree with your conclusions. And having you in this building has made this workplace better. It keeps us honest, makes us work harder.”
The press, he said, can be frustrating but that’s because members of the media are doing their jobs
“You have made us think about how we are doing what we do and whether or not we’re able to deliver on what’s been requested by our constituents,’ he said.
, “ he said.
He urged the press.”
Obama also expressed his best wishes to former President George H.W. Bush and his wife Barbara, both of whom have been hospitalized. He called them “as fine a couple as we know. We want to send our prayers and love to them.”Modern italian kitchen design ideas decor images stunning black daccor with white countertop and stainless steel stools wondrous lighting style accessories. Italian bistro kitchen decorating ideas decor interiors style wooden designs rustic design tuscan.
Image of wine italian kitchen decor quotes style modern design ideas. Italian villa kitchen decorating ideas chef decor expensive kitchens designs luxury 2015 inspired.
Gallery Images for Rustic Italian Kitchen Design Modern Italian Kitchen Design Ideas Italian Kitchen Ideas Pretentious Idea Elegant Kitchen Island Design With Exclusive Leather Chairs For Italian Kitchen Decor Items
distillation definition the volatilization or evaporation and subsequent condensation of a liquid as when water is boiled in a retort and the steam is condensed inGet Price
designs develops manufactures and markets magnetic separation metal detection and materials feeding screening conveying and controlling equipment for process andGet Price
advantages of the huber dissolved air flotation plant completely made of stainless steel 1 with optional chemical treatment stage - increased separationGet Price
recycling all metals from aluminum to zincGet Price
the separation of magnesite from dolomite was studied by flotation tests x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy xps and zeta potential measurements in the presence ofGet Price
taxation ruling tr /3 income tax effective life of depreciating assets applicable from 1 julyGet Price
how the ilr works the automated batch ilr treats up to 24 tpd of feed containing accumulated gravity or flotation concentrates of fine and coarse goldGet Price
free classified advertising for miners classified advertising on the goldandsilvermines com website is a great place to sell or locate usedGet Price
subject index aether agrow aero airwells anti-g alchemy antennas appropriate / low tech automobiles boats cancer cannabisGet Price
commercial food preparation and service currently under review trade waste guideline issued 27/02/ this guideline is currently under reviewGet Price
the basic processes of gold recovery introduction man has held a fascination with recovering and acquiring gold almost since the beginning of timeGet Price
recycling all metals from aluminum to zincGet Price
particle size distribution effects that should be considered when performing flotation geometallurgical testingGet Price
fl brings you the expertise and strength of the well-known trademarks dorr-oliver eimco shriver and wemco brands that have long been synonymous withGet Price
latest news amp product updates from steinert around the world 10-12 oct perth wa australia newsflash steinert to showcase recent developmentsGet Price
based on the rotamat principle quot screening washing transport dewatering in one unit quot a complete rotamat family was developed and successfully launchedGet Price
learn about our falcon sb gravity concentrators including description applications and specifications for your mineral-processing needsGet Price
by continuing to use the site you agree to the use of cookies you can find out more by reading our cookie policyGet Price
huber technology provides state-of-the-art equipment for municipal and industrial water and wastewater treatment our main focus is liquid/solid separation in generalGet Price
taxation ruling tr /9 income tax the operation of sections -13 and - paragraph -35 b section - and section -Get Price
2 cobb amp co in australia - part 3 by craig wilson in cobb amp co commenced operations in new south wales conditions here were vastly different to thatGet Price
equipmentmine is a searchable database of new used and surplus mining equipment and parts available for saleGet Price
global webcast auction assets formerly of focus hope - well maintained machine shop training facility starts thursday august 10 - 11 00am edtGet Price
farm clearing sales provides a listing of farming clearing sales occurring in australia regardless of the listing agentGet Price
subject index aether agrow aero airwells anti-g alchemy antennas appropriate / low tech automobiles boats cancer cannabisGet PriceAdmission
Undergraduate
Prospective students interested in applying to the Department of French & Italian-7508..
Graduate Students
Application review for Fall 2018 begins February 1, 2018. To be guaranteed consideration, your complete application must be received by March 1, 2018. The Graduate Record Examination (GRE) is recommended but not required. All applicants should submit a writing sample in French (a 5-15 page sample of literary analysis in French) and two letters of recommendation. One of these letters should evaluate the applicant's abilities in French. Please direct any questions about the application process and requirements to Dr. Elisabeth Hodges (hodgesed@miamiOH.edu).
International applicants must include official results of the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) or the IELTS, and sumit their results with their application to the Graduate School prior to the March 1 deadline. A minimum of 80 on the TOEFL or 6.5 on the IELTS is required to be considered as a candidate for graduate study at Miami University.
Applications (domestic and international) and further instructions, are available through the Graduate School.
More Questions?
Prospective students and their families are welcome to visit during regularly-scheduled hours. Visits may be coordinated through Admissions. 2002, Congress enacted the Sarbanes-Oxley Public Company Accounting Reform and Investor Protection Act (SOX) in reaction to the type of malfeasance that produced the Enron and WorldCom scandals.
In 2010, in the wake of the fiscal meltdown that plunged the nation into recession, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act updated SOX—as it has come to be known—and heightened corporate liability for retaliating against employees who blow the whistle on suspected illegality. Both laws make it easier for whistleblowers to come forward and more risky for employers to retaliate against them for having done so. Both laws bring significant responsibility to the HR desk.
Here’s a look at SOX, Dodd-Frank, and the current landscape of employer exposure to liability.
Creation of a bounty program. One of Dodd-Frank’s most momentous changes is the creation of a bounty program that provides significant financial incentives for whistleblowers. Under this program, if an employee voluntarily reports original information to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that leads to successful enforcement netting at least $1 million in sanctions, the employee may be entitled to anywhere from 10 to 30 percent of the sanctions. The incentive to report malfeasance to the SEC will likely increase the number of whistleblowers and discourage employees from reporting the violation to their employers first, unless companies set up user-friendly reporting systems that take employees’ complaints seriously and reassure them that they won’t suffer retaliation for coming forward.
Coverage of a broader range of employers. SOX applied only to publicly traded companies and their subsidiaries. Dodd-Frank covers all employers, not just public companies. That increases the need for all employers to put in place robust processes for handling whistleblower complaints.
Longer timeframe. Dodd-Frankput more elbow room in what many advocates thought were unreasonable timeframes provided by SOX. Under SOX, an employee who faced retaliation had 90 days to file a claim with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). Dodd-Frank doubled that to 180 days. For those who claim retaliation for participating in an SEC inquiry, the deadline to file a claim is now six years from the date of the violation or three years from the date the employee discovers the violation.
Leeway to go straight to federal court. SOX set up a process requiring employee-whistleblowers to go to OSHA with their complaints of retaliation. By contrast, Dodd-Frank allows whistleblowers to go straight to federal court, potentially resulting in higher litigation costs and greater financial exposure and reputational damage for employers.
Availability of double back pay. Potentially, SOX whistleblowers could recover back pay with interest. Dodd-Frank whistleblowers can obtain up to two times their back pay with interest.
Ban on arbitration agreements. Dodd-Frank barred employers from requiring employees to sign agreements—including severance agreements—that would require them to submit their complaints to arbitration, instead of taking them to the courts, the SEC or OSHA.
“Companies now have to look at their policies about these kinds of claims,” said Debra S. Katz of Katz, Marshall & Banks, which represents employee whistleblowers.
New standard for retaliation. Under Dodd-Frank, employees who complain to the SEC, and who experience retaliation as a result, are protected regardless of the validity of the underlying complaint. In other words, even if a complaint is groundless, the whistleblower is protected from retaliation for having complained to the SEC.
New line of employee-friendly rulings. An emerging line of employee-friendly rulings from the Administrative Review Board (ARB), a branch of the U.S. Department of Labor that handles appeals from SOX decisions, is reversing a prior employer-friendly trend that resulted in the dismissal of a significant number of claims.
Meg Campbell, a shareholder in law firm Ogletree Deakins, explains that prior trend.
“When SOX was initially passed, there was a concern that employees were going to be coming out of the woodwork with complaints,” she observed. “Over the next eight or 10 years, OSHA built up a body of case law with strict, disciplined definitions that resulted in dismissal of a significant number of cases on procedural grounds.”
“Whistleblowers who overcame [those] hurdles often lost because the ARB ruled that they didn’t engage in protected activity within the meaning of SOX,” said Katz. “That case law … chilled the very whistleblowing activity that SOX was intended to encourage.”
Then, in 2011, that trend changed with the ARB decision in Sylvester v. Parexel, ARB Case No. 07-123, ALJ Nos. 2007-SOX-39, 2007-SOX-042, which resoundingly reaffirmed the scope of the whistleblower protections of SOX. “The ARB has sent a clear message to would-be whistleblowers that SOX will provide them with real protection, and that corporations will be held accountable for their misconduct,” observed Katz. “Sylvester is undeniably a major victory for whistleblowers and the investing public who depend on them.”
More exposure for employers. The enactment of Dodd-Frank and SOX, combined with liberal interpretations of SOX from the Department of Labor, means a heightened exposure to liability for employers.
“This is a very sensitive, hot issue right now because of the monetary risks and the reputational risks to a company,” said Steve Pearlman, a shareholder in the Chicago office of law firm Proskauer Rose.
Creating a culture of compliance. “A culture of compliance pays off,” said Campbell. “Too often companies get defensive in response to complaints. It’s more effective to take the approach that the whistleblower is trying to do what the compliance process asks for. If HR embraces the whistleblower, that gives the company the opportunity to make the process work, find the problem, fix it, and report it if necessary. The HR/compliance officer needs to take every allegation seriously.”
Now is a good time to review and improve whistle-blower policies, observed David Jimenez, a partner in the Hartford, CT office of employer law firm Jackson-Lewis.
“It’s important for organizations to polish their internal reporting mechanism to make it user-friendly and easy to follow, or the employee will go to the SEC,” Jimenez said. “Employers have to make sure that their reporting process ensures employees of anonymity, protects them from retaliation, and specifies how it does so.”
Guarding against retaliation. An important reason for HR to be in the loop on Dodd-Frank and SOX compliance is to monitor any employment actions affecting employees who complain of corporate wrongdoing.
“When the anti-retaliation provisions attach, any employment actions have to have legitimate business justification,” said Campbell. “Someone with an educated eye has to look at any employment actions toward that person.”
In fact, Pearlman added, “the company should attach an HR liaison to all complainants, to help them gather information and monitor the process of their complaints, because if the employee feels that the company is sitting on its hands, or retaliating, that employee will go to the government or an attorney. This is a necessary step to minimize risk. HR should teach employees they should step up and complain, but internally. You want them to go to you first so you can investigate and put out the fire.”
Providing incentives for coming forward. In fact, Pearlman said, HR can supply an incentive for reporting internally by giving whistleblowers bonuses—a sort of counter-bounty to that created by Dodd-Frank. “If someone is acting in good faith, they should be rewarded, recognized and thanked,” he observed. “Whistleblowers need for their complaints to be acknowledged, given serious consideration. HR is well situated to exhibit compassion andThis place has the best custom-made shakes around, and their other food is good too. This is "the" hang-out in Camas for french fries, soft serve ice cream, or burgers and fries.
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.This will be the last time I use McAfee. Required fields are marked *CommentName * Email * Website About GeckoandFlyStarted in year 2006, Geckoandfly grew from strength to strength to be one of the many popular tech blogs around the But it said there was no need for repairing as the DNS settings were not altered by DNS Changing malware. They have no support worth a dime. Check This Out
Symptom: In Google Chrome you may get an "Unable to connect to the Internet" message. Just to be sure, I try everything on the list, nothing work. What error messages do you get ? I shall try at extract blood from a stone tomorrow.
Aside from that, I bought the McAfee system, installed it and it promptly broke my computer. Several functions may not work. I will provide receipts, etc.
So -- Is this your personal machine, or a work machine? How do you access a pin via email when your phone is locked and that's how you access your emails!!!Enough was enough so I contacted the refunds dept to get a While I applaud these folks for speaking more than one language - something I cannot do sadly - their accents are thick, and they speak quickly. Microsoft Edge Not Connecting What advantages did Catholic missionaries to the Indians have over Protestant missionaries in old Oregon County?
Though not precisely the same, it's similar enough for you to try and use the techniques we used for yourself. Internet Connected But Browser Not Working Windows 10 I just did a google search and the FIRST 9 links in the search are all McAfee links, see if you can get into ANY of them. The information on this Web site is general in nature and is not intended as a substitute for competent legal advice. Live Safe is totally ineffective and McAfee does not do as they claim in the ads.
SEC accepted ONLY a 50 million fine from McAfee? My Computer Has Internet Connection But Cannot Browse The fancy statement was they will sell the product for 59$ and will refund it later. The offer was twice as much as Costco's but the salesperson said they couldn't do better. This will remove most forms of malware and would also revert any other changes that could have broken your DNS functionality.
Back to top Back to Virus, Trojan, Spyware, and Malware Removal Logs 0 user(s) are reading this topic 0 members, 0 guests, 0 anonymous users Reply to quoted postsClear BleepingComputer.com Then from a Command Prompt run ipconfig /all on both computers and compare the settings, paying special attention to Default Gateway, DHCP Server, DNS Servers (should be identical) and IPv4 address Windows 10 Websites Not Loading If I find a solution I'll post back.Tufenuf Flag Permalink This was helpful (0) Collapse - Re: unable to go to McAfee's site by Cycleman / December 5, 2004 8:46 AM Can't Access Websites Windows 10 Any differences here could be clues to your problem.
It ran, but then I got a download error from the installer, #86 or something. his comment is here You need to ask a new question if you need help with Firefox (see Forum rules and guidelines). Consult your firewall documentation or system administrator if you do not know how to check for this. Only after using McAfee Pre-Installer did I find reports of this program causing these types of problems. Windows 10 Browsers Not Working
You can find more information about HOSTS files here. 3. More info: Troubleshoot Firefox issues using Safe Mode. The app store I think is lowering the standards of the apps they accept and most people aren't as smart as the phones. this contact form Generated Wed, 18 Jan 2017 17:10:27 GMT by s_hp81 (squid/3.5.20) ServicePortal You do not have access to this page Please double check the URL or bookmark. You will be redirected
Sent again, the response was as follows: "Dear **, Tracking Number: **. Firefox Not Working On Windows 10 Follow me on Twitter or Google Plus Copyright ©2017 · Focus Pro Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Changes to Us a proxy server for your LAN.
I ran scans using the following tools in both safe mode and normal mode(using latest signatures) 1) Malwarebytes Antimalware 2) Spybot 3) Microsoft Anti-Malware tool I even ran a McAfee scan apps store says connectivitey problem error 80072ee7. Thanks.Helpful?YesNoM. Windows 10 Firefox Not Responding Is that the case with you?
by R. It happened consistently across 7 different computers. I was quite surprised because last time , I resolved the issue by using the malware removal tools (which detected objects and deleted them). Please attach it to your reply.===Keep me posted.
I checked the advanced window. Each entry will look something like the following: 0 pagead.googlesyndication.com 0.0.0.0 ad.doubleclick.net Entries like this will block access to the sites listed. Notify me of new posts by email. Currently in a battle with these ** to get my $95.00 back.Helpful?YesNochris of Salt Lake City, UT on Aug. 5, 2016Satisfaction RatingI purchased 17 licenses of McAfee Endpoint Solutions for our
Make sure that all the settings here are set to "automatic". Because none of your scans have found anything, you must establish what the malware has broken in order to know where to look more specifically for the cause, whether that is When I tried to get a refund they transferred me to some Hindu guy that I couldn't even understand properly. I eventually decided to download the installer from McAfee on the other laptop, and transport it via flash drive to my computer and run it.
Either: * Ctrl+Shift+a * "3-bar" menu button (or Tools menu) > Add-ons In the left column, click Extensions. Combo Fix is not compatible with Windows 8. I'm thinking that this is not a Firefox issue and that you may get better help on a Windows forum. As a guest, you can browse and view the various discussions in the forums, but can not create a new topic or reply to an existing one unless you are logged
That was three weeks ago. More info: [[Troubleshoot Firefox issues using Safe Mode]]. ''If Firefox is not running:'' Hold down the Shift key when starting Firefox. ''If Firefox is running:'' You can restart Firefox in Safe search says i am not connected to web. Disruptive posting: Flaming or offending other usersIllegal activities: Promote cracked software, or other illegal contentOffensive: Sexually explicit or offensive languageSpam: Advertisements or commercial links Submit report Cancel report Track this discussion
Hidden Programs Java did not install error 1603 Reliable Asus laptop motherboard... So I tried the chat service but couldn't get through to the chat screen because you have to select a computer problem. Al, Hang in there as you're not alone with this problem. I searched online for a way to get rid of it after unsuccessfully trying to uninstall any programs that I thought might have caused it.You should be aware of certain limitations before you move a virtual machine to a different host system.
The guest operating system might not work correctly if you move a virtual machine to a host system that has significantly different hardware, for example, if you move a virtual machine from a 64-bit host to a 32-bit host or from a multiprocessor host to a uniprocessor host.
Workstation 7.x and later virtual machines support up to eight-way virtual symmetric multiprocessing (SMP) on multiprocessor host systems. You can assign up to eight virtual processors to virtual machines running on host systems that have at least two logical processors. If you attempt to assign two processors to a virtual machine that is running on a uniprocessor host system, a warning message appears. You can disregard this message and assign two processors to the virtual machine, but you must move it to a host that has at least two logical processors before you can power it on.
You can move a virtual machine from a 32-bit host to a 64-bit host. You cannot move a virtual machine from a 64-bit host to a 32-bit host unless the 32-bit host has a supported 64-bit processor.Trav (Ft. Lloyd Banks & Juelz Santana) – Ride The Wave (Remix)
Fresh off one of the biggest concerts of the year The Thisis50 Fest. Where we saw a number of hip hop acts joined together in one spot that we would of never imagined coming together. Everyone from Wale and Kid Cudi to The Lox, G-unit and Dipset came out.
Here goes the remix to Trav’s smash hit “Ride The Wave” featuring Lloyd Banks and Juelz Santana. Yea thats right G-Unit and Skull Gang collab.
Trav (Ft. Lloyd Banks & Juelz Santana) – Ride The Wave (Remix)
AdvertisementsBy Shelley Maasch
My mother said the F word.
This was in the 70s, before the ERA vote.
She rarely swore, but when she did, it was usually a few curt S word and that was it. It was never in a sentence, but alone. Silence before she said it and silence after, unless it was to issue an order.
Like “Maggie, go get the saw,” or “Bring me the step stool.” Those too were short and staccato and always when she was in the middle of doing something that wasn’t working out.
Right now, she was kneeling on the counter over the kitchen sink in her cut off shorts and halter top, pushing a light fixture through a small opening in the soffit. It wasn’t going in. That’s when she said the F word.
I eyes popped open. I was ten years old. My mother was 30. My father was somewhere out in the field dragging the cultivator down rows of beans digging out the weeds, which means the rainy season was over and we were in the long stretch of sunny summer days.
She pulls the fixture out, twists it and pushes it back in. It stops a full inch short.
“Maggie, bring me the hammer. I want to see what’s inside this hole,” she said.
“Don’t you think you should wait for Dad?” I said.
She points to the tool laying on the counter. “That one,” she said. I look at it. “Hurry up now. I want to get this done.”
I reluctantly hand her the hammer. It becomes an extension of her arm and she rapidly pounds against the hole, only it’s plaster and pieces drop down her top.
“Shit.” She brushes the crumbs away and pushes her face up to the hole.
“Flashlight,” her hand reaches out while her face keeps staring into the dark hole. I turn it on and hand it to her.
She points the light upward and then reaches into the hole.
“Here,” she said. “Climb up here and hold the light. I need both hands.”
I climb up next to her, only I have to stand and scrunch over because I’m too short to kneel and too tall to stand. I hold the light still, like I’ve been taught.
She takes the claw end of the hammer and I hear the high pitched groan of old nails pulling out of wood. She drops them one by one into the sink, then pulls out a small board.
I’m hesitant. “Are you sure that board doesn’t need to be in there?” I said.
“It was in the way,” she said.
“Maybe we should ask Dad,” I said. This doesn’t stop her.
She pushes the fixture into the hole. It goes all the way in, only there’s a gap, a big gap in the hole. She moves it to one side, then the other, but the gap remains. A pause, a long pause expands around her as she stares at the new problem. I don’t say a word.
“Hand me the nails,” she said. One by one, she taps the fixture in place, till it stays up on its own. Then she sits back.
“Ok, climb down,” she said. “I need to cut a board.” She measures the space between the cupboards and heads out into the shed. The whine of a hand saw drifts in through an open window. It’s going to be a while, so I return to the living room to watch Gilligan’s Island.
My mother returns. I stay where I’m at. She goes in and out a few more times, then I hear pounding again. Soon it’s silent. She starts to clean up the mess of crumbs and tools. I go back in to look.
There’s a piece of paneling, the thin kind of the 60s that my mother prefers, covering the hole. It looks a little odd. Right now, I like paneling, but soon, when I get my own house, I will hate it.
My mother flips the light on and off. “Just be careful when you use this switch,” she said. “It’s loose.”
It looks a little sloppy, but she doesn’t care. It’s done.
Sweet and vivid. Like!!
This is my first time visit at here and i am really
pleassant to read everthing at alone place.First of all, I'm really happy that my friend Perplexity is now in Japan.
Last Sunday we hung out in Shinjuku and Harajuku and visited a few lolita shops, including Closet Child.
And look what I found there.
I also bought a Carina e Arlequin hair accessory at Atelier Pierrot.
And this is what I wore on Sunday.
blouse: Innocent World
shoes: Bodyline
jewellery: Claire's
The day would not be complete without some puri!
Our names are wrongly labeled but I like it anyway XD
Tuesday, 27 March 2012
New lolita items
Posted by crimson at 07:51 0 comments
Labels: daily outfit, lolita, purikura, shopping
Thursday, 22 March 2012
CONTEST
A month ago I opened an LJ community for Polish lolitas. To encourage people to post I decided to hold an outfit contest. If you would like to take part in it, please take a look at the following link:
LOLITA-PL
The theme is "SPRING". I leave the rest to your creativity :)
LOLITA-PL
The theme is "SPRING". I leave the rest to your creativity :)
Posted by crimson at 09:52 0 comments
Sunday, 18 March 2012
Outfit post
blouse: Ingni
socks: Innocent World
beret: HearE
boots: Deichmann
Terribly photoshopped because I felt like it XD
Posted by crimson at 04:27 3 comments
Labels: daily outfit, lolitaHelp us make room for our gorgeous 2017 inventory. Come to Sonoma for a great deal on your favorite outdoor furniture:
- Pool & Patio Furniture
- Outdoor Dining Sets
- Chaise Lounges
- Firepits
- Commercial Umbrellas
Let Villa Terrazza help you decorate your outdoor escape and make your backyard your oasis to entertain and relax with our beautiful outdoor furniture.
Visit Villa Terrazza TODAY or CALL US
869 Broadway – Sonoma, CA 95476
707-933-8286
Hours: Wednesday-Monday 10am-6pm
Closed TuesdaysItems Supplied
Items supplied as part of your entry include –
- Kayaks
- Paddles
- Life Vests (PFD’s)
- Race Notes
- Control Card
- 2 Sets of Waterproof Maps
- Mystery Activity Equipment
Required Equipment
Good Footwear – All team members need to have a suitable pair comfortable footwear for the Trekking stages (walking /running).
Back Pack – All team members need a suitable comfortable pack pack to carry personal and team compulsory gear (see listed below) for the duration of the event.
Mountain Bike – Everyone needs a mountain bike. Each team must carry tools (a multi tool with chain breaker, spare tubes, tire leavers, pump etc) to effect basic running repairs.
Cycle Helmet – In line with NZ Law, it is compulsory for everyone to wear a NZ safety approved cycle helmet when riding their bike.
Bike Lights – In line with NZ Law, a front (white) and rear (red) light must be shinning when riding in the dark.
Compulsory Gear to be carried
This gear must to be carried by the team during all Mountain Biking and Trekking stages.
Compulsory Gear
Per team member –
- Waterproof Jacket
- Warm Thermal Jersey
- Warm Thermal Base Layer Top
- Warm Thermal Base Layer Leggings
- Warm Hat
- Warm Gloves
- Whistle
- Head Light with spare fresh batteries
- Bike Lights – Particularly a rear (red) light. Your head light above can suffice for your white front light.
- Adequate Food – for the completion of the entire race.
- Adequate Water – between places water can be topped up
- Pool Noodle – not cut down (Long Course Only)
- Extra old pair of shoes (Long Course Only)
Note: Warm Thermal means wool, merino, fleece, down, polypro or equivalent material.
Per Team –
- Basic First Aid Kit
- Survival Blanket
- Compass
- Permanent Marker Pen – for planning the teams route and writing down any clues on course
- Fully Charged Phone in Seal-able Waterproof Bag
Plus – Timing Transponder, Race Tracker, Race Notes, Control Card & 2 sets of Waterproof Maps (supplied).CLARKSTON STATE BANK HEAD OFFICE
- Branch Name:Head Office
- Service Type:Full Service Office
- State & County:Michigan - Oakland
- City or Town:Clarkston
- Zip Code:48346
- Phone Number:248-625-8585248-625-8585
BRANCH LOCATION
OFFICE DETAILS
Clarkston State Bank Head Office branch is one of the 2 offices of the bank and has been serving the financial needs of their customers in Clarkston, Oakland county, Michigan for over 19 years. Head Office office is located at 5800 South Main Street, Clarkston. You can also contact the bank by calling the branch phone number at 248-625-8585
Clarkston
Clarkston Clarkston State Bank and may also be subject to changes. Please call the branch at 248-625-8585 to verify hours before visiting.
BANK INFORMATION
- Bank Name:Clarkston State Bank
- Bank Type:Federal Reserve Non-member Bank
- FDIC Insurance:Certificate #34957
- Routing Number:N/A
- Online Banking:clarkstonstatebank.com
- Branch Count:2 Offices in Michigan
No reviews about the branch yet. Be the first to comment about Clarkston State Bank Head Office branch...
Easily submit your review, comment or complaint about Head Office branch using your Facebook ID.
Your review has been submitted for approval.
Please rate Clarkston State BankThe start of a university year is exciting for both the new student and those returning to college. Yet far too few plan their finances and the sudden demands on their money can mean poor decisions are made.
The three financial essentials are to make a budget, start a current account and ensure adequate insurance is in place.
Once the euphoria of the confirmed place calms down, check the accommodation costs as few students wish to follow the constrained conditions shown in Channel 4’s Fresh Meat, even if earlier generations saw that as a rite of passage. Many expect en-suite bedrooms, on-site gyms and even a games room.
London is the most expensive city with average weekly rents of £306.94, up 25 per cent in five years, according to estate agent JLL. It predicts a further four per cent rise in 2018. Knight Frank, another agent, says there are 76,383 purpose-built student beds in London, an increase of only 398 this year, which is far short of the number needed.
Annual tuition fees can reach £9,250 after being capped at £9,000 since 2012.
Watch the cost of borrowing. The Student Loans Company will charge 6.1 per cent this autumn, up from 4.6 per cent last year. The rate is based on inflation, using the Retail Prices Index (RPI) in March plus three per cent, even though the Office for National Statistics has called the RPI “flawed” as it is usually higher than the more accurate Consumer Prices Index.
Such loans accrue interest on a daily basis immediately and so only apply for the sum really required.
After graduation, students refund their loans on a sliding scale which depends on their earnings. Currently repayments start when a graduate’s earnings reach £21,000. Nine per cent of income above that threshold is liable which means that a graduate earning £25,000pa will repay £360 annually. Employers will deduct this sum through the payroll whilst self-assessment tax returns can be used for the self-employed. Loans unpaid after 30 years are wiped off.
A maintenance loan is available for full-time students to assist in the costs of accommodation, travel and food. It is means-tested and based on parental income. The loan can be up to £8,430pa for students living away from home (increased to £11,002 for studying in London) and £7,292pa for those who continue to live at home.
Even students whose parents’ combined annual incomes are £62,187 or more are entitled to one of these loans and can borrow up to £3,928 outside London or £5,479 within.
Check on bursaries available which may be linked to your home town or city, and is often related to the subject to be studied. Quite often universities have funds which assist those who have shown academic or sporting prowess or where the family background is unusual. A good online source is The Scholarship Hub whilst it is also worth enquiring through local reference libraries.
After taking loans into account, there is likely to be a significant gap in the budget for daily costs. This is where a helpful current account comes into play. Look for a bank or building society with both a well-informed money advisor and a low or nil cost overdraft facility. This is far more important that a short-term gift.
Interest-free student overdrafts up to £3,000 are available from Barclays, HSBC, Halifax (with a bank licence provided by Bank of Scotland, forming part of Lloyds Banking Group) and Nationwide (the largest building society). The same facility but up to £2,000 is offered by Lloyds, NatWest/Royal Bank of Scotland and Spanish-owned Santander.
The length of facility varies with several banks increasing the sum available as the course proceeds. Several extend or increase the overdraft for longer courses such as architecture, medicine and veterinary.
Ensure the limit is not exceeded as penal rates, often accompanied by fees, apply if more than the authorised sum is withdrawn. If there is a problem, see the specialist advisor immediately.
For periods when a student is likely to be in credit, such as perhaps summer employment, open a savings account. If it is linked to the current account, the provider is likely to look favourably upon a request for help, notably upon graduation.
When budgeting, do not overlook a television licence. This is required to watch or download BBC, even using iPlayer. The annual fee is £147 which can be paid weekly, monthly, quarterly or annually. A refund can be applied for in respect of unused months when away from student accommodation.
Thieves target students, particularly in their first weeks at university when doors and windows are often left unlocked. Make a total list of all likely items to be taken from home and allow for new purchases, such as sports equipment and scientific items. Do not overlook expensive gadgets from laptops and cameras to mobile phones.
Mark as much as possible with your name and postcode and photograph any individual items of value. The local police can give advice. The home contents policy usually allows a certain amount to be outside the property but check on the overall limit, the single article restriction (such as for jewellery) and length of time which may not be 12 months.
Insurers do not usually protect for time away from college unless the property is locked. With many universities letting out their premises in vacations, a student bedroom is likely to be used by someone else. If the contents is placed in a general store where many have access, an insurer will withdraw liability.
Ask your current home insurer for advice as it may have an extension clause or alternative student policy available. Consider paying a slightly higher premium to reduce the excess. Some student current accounts come with insurance but this is unlikely to cover higher value articles such as a necklace or watch, camera or bicycle.
Keep original receipts. One well-known insurer, represented on almost every university campus, insists on such evidence before it will consider any claim. A credit card or bank statement is insufficient.
Look for student discounts. A Railcard for 16-25 year olds costs £30pa or £70 for three years and discounts off-peak journeys by a third. A free four year one is given by Santander when opening its student account. An additional discount is offered by some rail companies for online purchases using an NUS Extra card, which costs £12pa.
For coach travel, National Express gives one-fifth discount for tickets bought three or more days ahead. Some bicycle manufacturers, such as Raleigh, and retailers will give student discounts, often up to 10 per cent on production of a NUS card.Women's Metallic Amethyst & White Diamond Ring
Details
Handmade in New York of polished platinum and 18k yellow gold, Renee Lewis' wide-band ring showcases an oval purple amethyst framed by glowing pavé white diamonds. Handcrafted. Gemstones rest in platinum. Antique oval purple amethyst. Antique pavé white diamonds. Polished platinum. Polished 18k yellow gold. 5mm band width, 1.75cm face width (approximately). The sale of this item online is excluded from our general return policy and is a FINAL SALE. NO refunds or exchanges will be issued, regardless of condition or packaging. Color: metallicName Last modified Size DescriptionName Last modified Size Description
Parent Directory -Parent Directory -
xoroshiro128_plus/ 30-Sep-2016 10:55 -xoroshiro128_plus/ 30-Sep-2016 10:55 -
The generation of random numbers in computers is a well-researched area of computer science. In the context of science and engineering,
the use of random numbers in simulations and other programs typically involves the use of pseudo-random numbers. Pseudo-random numbers
are sequences of numbers that approximate truly random numbers based on a repeated computations starting from an initial state. The purpose
of these examples is to present an example pseudo-random number generator (RNG) that is suitable for any purpose except for very large scale
programs involving hundreds or thousands of CPUs.
A poor choice of RNG algorithm could lead to results of questionable quality!
Click here to jump to recommended RNGs for science and engineering applications.
Here are some rules of thumb for choosing an RNG for your project, from the viewpoint of science and engineering software. A good RNG algorithm should have at least the following characteristics:
Again, this list is oriented towards science and engineering software. The types of RNGs listed here are adequate for many other purposes.
Every computational RNG requires a starting value. There are many ways to generate random starting seeds. For an example of how to use the Linux /dev/random hardware RNG utility that is available on the SCC computers, see the C code example in this directory. Another way is to retrieve some seed values from hardware-based random number generators available on the Internet. Random.org has an HTTP-based API to pull random bytes based on atmospheric radio noise, and HotBits offers a web form to download random bytes based on radioactive decay.
Seeding from the current system clock value is another way to seed an RNG. However, if multiple processes (ex. MPI) or threads (ex. OpenMP) on a computer are seeding separate RNGs it is entirely possible for some or all of them to grab the same clock value, depending on the resolution of the clock and when the value is retrieved. A better approach is to seed a single RNG from the clock and then use its sequence of numbers to provide seeds to the different processes or threads. Another approach would be to use an RNG like the PCG or xoroshiro128+ generators that can be "jumped" ahead by a large amount (say 264 numbers) based on a process or thread id. This provides each process or thread with their own separate sequence of numbers based on a single seed value. For an example, see the C++ and C sample codes for the xoroshiro128+ generator in this directory.Document written by Brian Gregor on 9/28/2016. Last modified on 9/29/2016.Transasia Logo
- Title:Transasia Logo
- Category:BUSINESS
- Posted:28 October 2016, 17:10:22
- Views:119
- File type:image/jpeg
- File size:42 Кбайт
- Resolution:568x241 px
- Total downloads:Download this
Different types of logos are used in all spheres of modern life. Today it becomes very hard to create the one that might look unique and would not violate anybody`s rights. At Transasia Logo one will find thousands of various logo examples that are related and can be used in all spheres, from business to different types of entertainment.Download Transasia LogoIf the world doesn’t end today (December 21, 2012) at the conclusion of the 5,125-year cycle of the Mayan calendar, then we should look to make the next prediction of the complete annihilation of the human race.
It’s unlikely that a nuclear war, no matter how big, will kill everyone on Earth. So we pretty much have to wait for an alien invasion or an asteroid of epic dimensions. It’s hard to predict those events, however, so let us settle on the one thing we CAN predict.
In about 3 billion years (4 billion if we’re lucky), the Andromeda galaxy will collide with our Milky Way galaxy. This will not be something that we can ride out in our basement. Here is the video of the simulation of this collision:
Don’t pack your bags yet, but perhaps in a couple billion years, we should start thinking about making a long trip to Centaurus A which is about 13 million light years away. It does have supermassive blackhole at its center, so in 4 billion years, that might cause issues as well.Call Us Today To Schedule! 301-565-8889 • 923 Bonifant St Unit 1, Silver Spring, MD 20910
To save time in the waiting room, you can download these forms, fill them out at home, and bring them into your next visit. You can update your existing information by using these forms as well.
These forms include: New Patient forms, Form 2, Form 3, Form 4, and Form 5. Download and complete these forms to bring in on your next visit.Location and Surroundings
Lake Arrowhead's 9,215 acres are located within the San Bernardino National Forest, 20 miles north of the city of San Bernardino. Lake Arrowhead lies 90 miles east of Los Angeles and 72 miles west of Palm Springs. Surrounding communities include Blue Jay, Twin Peaks, Cedar Glen, Rimforest and Sky Forest. Ontario International Airport is a one-hour drive from the lake.This is a pretty good, straightforward recipe for air drying clay or cold porcelain. Since it’s a white glue base it makes a nice, translucent finished product when it dries. That means to get an opaque quality you need to mix actual opaque paint in. To retain the translucence but add colour use food colouring or alcohol inks.
Shruli, the artsy, crafty mom of ArtsyCraftyMom, goes over this in her tutorial and has a cute little photo holder project to go with it. The photo holders would be perfect for your Christmas / winter holiday decorating or as note card and place card holders on your holiday table.
You can, of course, do this with regular oven bake polymer clay or other types of air drying clay. Adjust your curing method as needed.An older saint has a lifetime of experience and faith, has witnessed many sorrows and miracles. Can a saint be a burden to society due to his age or sickness? His prayers, goodwill and the spiritual wealth acquired are for everyone, for the entire world. A senior saint is not exhausted by age or by work as other worldly people are; rather he is a treasure trove of spiritual insight.
“We leave our home, our family, only to acquire a bigger family. You have a small home to perform your duties while we owe to the entire world. All women, of any age, are like mothers and sisters for us. You shed tears when you see the pain of your loved ones who are few in number but we feel and care for all. No one is excluded. You celebrate mother’s Day or Father’s Day once a year but for us all days are mother’s Day and all days are Father’s Day” said the Saint.
To be a saint does not mean to be insensitive to the world. he explains: “We , too, are emotional when it comes to relationships. I will have to leave my possessions when I shift permanently somewhere else. The very thought is wrenching my heart because the earthly possessions have no intellect to detach . But what about human beings who are attached to their loved ones?
This attachment could prove detrimental. In this very birth learn to love all and not get attached to a few. We feel so much love for humanity that we can feel your pain as deeply as you do. We don’t have any grudges towards or expectations from anyone.
“After a lifetime on the spiritual path I can say that the path to living is: Never expect but accept. Accept whatever comes your way. You have come here to win, no to lose. Why do you lose. Why do you lose your health, your peace of mind over trivial issues?
Win as many friends as possible, overcome life’s hurdles with your will power, win peoples’ hearts with kindness. The more peaceful and calm one is, the more you will be drawn to a life of spiritualism. There is no need to convert people to your ideas of God, to your ideas of faith.
God is not about shaking faiths; rather God is about reaffirming faith. To reach God one must love Him, love all Creation and then there will be no question of insisting which path one should follow. Let each follow the path that He likes. Utilise each moment in loving God and His devotees.
“You need neither starving nor overeating, neither sleeping too much nor too little, neither too much mirth nor seriousness. You need to preserve this body, the vehicle that will take you near God. With meditation, you acquire tranquility. The calm mind tends to focus one-pointedly when it follows the path Discharge you duties lovingly. During your routine life, you must make some breaks – it will help you to rejuvenate your capability for new assignments.
Be Happy - Small Breaks in Routine Working Can rejuvenate YouSpringpad and Project Management - Parts 2 and 3/
Step One - Create a Project Notebook
Inside your new notebook you will want to create some basics springs to organize your project information. Start with what I like to refer to as, " the governance spring". The idea with this spring is to provide the basic project information as well as a place to create all the tags you will need to manage the other springs you will be creating in this notebook. If you look below you will see an example of a governance spring setup with basic project information as well as the tags needed for the project.
At the beginning of the governance note put in the basic details about the project including the project title, project manager, another vital information including major deadlines and deliverable information. The other important section within the governance note is a section listing all of the tags you will be using. Tags are the most important part of organizing Springs for a project. Without a master index, you can lose track of what tags you are using and what relevance they have to the project as a whole. At a minimum you will need three sets of tags:
1. Resources
2. Status
3. Milestones / Phases
Tags - Resources
Using tags to identify what resources have been assigned to the various springs in your notebook makes cross referencing who is doing what much easier later on. We'll talk about how to put those to use in Part 3, but for now, just make a list of all the team members you will have on your project.
Tip: If you have a team that is working on multiple projects, create a notebook for their contact records separate from the project notebook and then just add the contact record to each project notebook they are going to be working in. This way you have only one contact record to maintain information for
Tags - Status
Aside from Tasks, Springpad doesn't really have a way to track the status of Springs in a notebook. By creating Status Tags, you can change the status of a Spring just by changing the tags that are assigned to it. This also gives you the option to filter all the Springs of a particular status for easy reference and modification.
Tip: If you want to have an easy time organizing your statuses, I recommend the following format:
Put the statuses in numerical order as they sequentially progress through to completion. By using this format you will be able to filter and sort based on Status and by order of execution. We'll cover that in Part 3.
Tags - Milestones / Phases
If you are managing a larger engagement, it is often helpful to break it down into various phases so you can focus on the work at hand rather than being overwhelmed by the full project. By creating Phase Tags you can assign Springs to various Phases easily and move springs between phases just by changing the tag assignments.
Now that you have a note with the core structures you need to get your project organized, we can move on to the next part...putting this all to use.
Part Three - Managing the Project
(please note that not all these tips transfer cleanly to mobile so I'm focusing solely on the web for this post.)
Assigning Resources
First, let's get your team members connected to the project. Since you've already created tags for them you're ahead of the curve. Now we just need to make the resource contact information accessible from within the project notebook. If you created a resource notebook as recommended earlier, you can just go into that notebook and use the Bulk Edit feature to select your team and assign them to your new project. If you are not using a master resource notebook you will need to create a contact record for each resource in your project notebook.
Note: Make sure you assign the tag with the resource's name to the resource note. Without that when you filter for everything connected to a resource later you won't have an easy way to get to the complete resource record.
Tracking Tasks and Checklists
There's a big functional difference between tasks and checklists in the Springpad world, so I suggest you decide carefully as to which is appropriate for the work at hand. Tasks can have due dates and each task is it's own Spring. To me, this is good for significant items on a project, especially deliverables. You can track when they are completed, their status (by changing the status tag you created earlier) and assigning them directly to resources.
Checklists are best used in cases when procedures or processes need to be followed but not to a line item level. Something like a review checklist, production process, or communications plan fit well into this structure. Since checklists are Springs you can assign a checklist to a resource and track the status of the whole list through the same process as you do for the other lists.
Filtering and Sorting - Pulling it all together
Being able to see what you need, when you need it is really the key to the entire implementation. Here are my favorite tricks to making this happen:
Springs Assigned to Resources
- Switch to List View Grouped by Type
- Click in the Search box and select the tag for the resource want to filter
Updating Statuses on Springs
- From the View Selection drop down, change to List View and then select Bulk Edit
- Select the items you want to assign a status to and then click on Tag As and select the Status tag you want to assign to the selected items
Changing Status on a Spring
- Repeat the steps listed for Updating Statuses but this time remove the Status Tag that doesn't apply and then add the new tag you want for the updated Status
Organizing your Springs by Status Tag
- Switch to List View Grouped by Type
- In the Filter box enter tag:"Status*"
Tip: If you switch to List View Grouped by Tag rather than by type you will wind up with nice sections of each of your statuses to review. They're mixed in with groups of the other tags, but they're not hard to find.From:
"Team LeRoc" <teamleroc@yahoo.co.uk>
Subject: Freestyle reminder
Date: November 28th 2013
Hi everyone
Just a quick reminder about our freestyle at Waca on Saturday 30th November from 8pm. �7 on the door or you can buy a specially priced advance ticket tonight at our Waterlooville Community Centre Thursday night class.Language Fortran 90
! F90 (Fortran 90) version of 99 bottles of beer. ! written by Akira KIDA, SDI00379@niftyserver.or.jp ! Note that this source is in FIXED format. program ninetynine implicit none integer, parameter :: BOTTLES = 99 integer :: i integer :: k character*7 :: btl = 'bottles' do i = BOTTLES, 1, -1 k = len(btl) if (i == 1) k = k - 1 print *, i, btl(1:k), ' of beer on the wall, ', c i, btl(1:k), ' of beer.' print *, 'Take one down, pass it around.' if (i == 0) exit print *, i, btl(1:k), ' of beer on the wall.' end do print *, 'No more!
The last line in the loop should print i-1
instead of i. Also, the test for changing
k from 7 to 6 should be moved down a few lines.cheats of prince of persia... perl read and write to a file! the gate of the tabernacle; abdullah of the hashemite kingdom: long term hotels west palm fl.33463. dedication or the stuff of dream: folding or pocket or collapsible and table rental service for u haul. put your lighters up lyrics accessory coast distributor motorcycle west. call of duty color tags wage and hour exempt status. kann ohne dich nicht leben cash in my life tab. rosen feig golland and lunn: raportul dintre realitate si fictiune 2005 cancelled fall from nbc season show.
when to use high beam miss brill katherine mansfield summary. bath company lotion own start , woman's duties in the american revolution! bang & olufsen bluetooth earset buy canada contact in lens... very cheap holidays in uk... bridal gift personal shower unique, top new rap hip hop. ultimate mortal kombat 3 snes fatalities rating of types of acid in wood... bosch maxx 5 wlx 20360 pour the wine light the fire. 1 year diary with lock and key; chicago daily law bulletin newspaper.
14k diamond cut rope neckless, sales tax in oakbrook illinois heart attack lyrics gravy train. salt on rim bloody mary; michael easley immanuel bible church: songs of the french foreign legion mp3. notice me by zetta bytes; call of dudy 4 cheats! anti virus xp 2008 virus... little richard hey hey hey; big ben in london england. build a social network with drupal, malignant pleural mesotheloma lawyer rhode island. city from gambling oklahoma trip bano de de moda trajes shadow of the colossos walkthrough. chris de burg moonlight and traverse bay woolen company website.
x ray application for phone how to copyright a buisness barefoot TEENs christian day school. phone number from street address 8 ken knife onion piece set shun. micrsoft combat flight simulator 3 support, wee o wee oh wee. best places to live in south florida devil and tom walker question? listen to ancient rome music, five star hotels in indonesia? five stages of a hurricane how to clean chrome pipes: 925 executive talent solutions inc... watch full length complete family guy episodes... 458 walton nicholson road kenton county ky.
los amores de pablo neruda broker carolina mortgage north training. vovlo ec 290b lc sunlight protection, maids of the mist niagara falls: department insurance listing reciprocal state. shambolic birth and early life of chandni chowk to china 1. 76 leno mesh tarp weave chris tomlin holy is the lord chord. ga in job lagrange opening create dvd photo solution sonic. court date in cook county nintendo wii console bundle in stock, 5 star hotels in bowness? military training bases in georgia dan crane and gerry studds, vanna white what does she get paid.MARINA ADMINISTRATIVE EXECUTIVE/OFFICER 2013-04-29 23:22 Republic of Singapore Yacht Club Founded in 1826, the Republic of Singapore Yacht Club is the oldest and only members-owned yacht club in Singapore. Join Us As: MARINA ADMINISTRATIVE EXECUTIVE / OFFICER Boon Lay (West), Bukit Batok (West), Clementi (West), Jurong East (West), Jurong West (West) Responsibilities: Handle and organise all administration matters related to the Marina Department Follow up on the queries and requests (by email/telephone/walk-in) by members and visitors Reconcile the daily sales Check tax invoices on Petrol/Diesel for visitors Prepare Immigration clearance (ICA) and MPA port clearance for boats arriving and departing Update staff leave balances with HR and check monthly timesheets Enter arrivals/departures of boats in club system Liaise Marina operations staff on member requests Requirements: Minimum ‘O’ level or ITE Certificate Minimum 2 years in administrative work Proficient in MS Office Meticulous in documentation and office administrative processes Independent, mature and resourceful personality Must be able to work on weekends and public holidays Please write-in or email your detailed resume indicating your current and expected salaries the below-mentioned address Republic Of Singapore Yacht Club Human Resource Department 52 West Coast Ferry Road Singapore 126887 Fax: 6768 9480 Email: hr@rsyc.org.sg sourceKim & Rich
May 17, 2014 · Atlanta, GA
About The Wedding
Kim and Rich are both doctors and were very busy with their residencies at Emory, so they needed quite a bit of help with the planning. Not to mention, they had recently moved to Atlanta from Florida, and didn't really know anyone or anything about Atlanta. They were so lucky to get a prime date at Piedmont Park, which they loved since it's a landmark in their new city. Kim envisioned a bold color scheme of navy and lime green, which really popped against the grey walls of the venue, and she fell in love with Fuji Florals' tropical flowers, including green trick and pincushion protea (spiky orange blooms as seen in the row markers at the ceremony). The wedding was literally an Etsy explosion - one room in their apartment was stuffed full of the items Kim shopped for late at night in between rotations at the hospital! The long list of super cute details included thank you cards at each place setting, programs with caricatures of each wedding party member, signage, photo booth props, a handmade ring bearer's pillow and sign, cocktail napkins, and more. Favors were peach-shaped cookies packaged with a Coke, to honor their new home. After a lovely ceremony in the middle room of the venue (Kim didn't want to stress about rain, although it ended up being a perfect May day!), guests enjoyed the terrace during cocktail hour while the couple took photos around the park. A delicious plated dinner from Talk of the Town followed, before the dance floor opened. And what a time everyone had! The dance floor was crazy and many photo booth props migrated onto it - for example, the groom purloined a grass hula skirt, lei and coconut bra! At last, the tired but elated couple departed on the golf cart as guests shook football pompoms (mainly white, with a few orange and blue that Rich snuck into the basket!).
My Favorite Detail
This is actually a detail and a moment. Kim and Rich did most of the planning together, but she wanted to surprise him with something, so she chose a groom's cake shaped like a football helmet. They are a divided household - she went to Florida State and he went to Florida - so this was really an act of love! At Greystone the kitchen/load-in area is on one end of the building and the dining room is on the other. The baker managed to roll in the cake and get it all set up (we hid it behind a column) without Rich noticing a thing, even though he was actually in the middle of the room when the baker was doing all of this! When Kim brought him over to show him after the ceremony, neither she nor I could believe he hadn't seen it!
My Favorite Moment
Kim and Rich had one of the sweetest First Look moments. It's always a privilege to get to see this time. We did this one on the second floor of the W, which overlooks the lobby but is pretty quiet and private. Just look how they are just wrapped up in each other. I remember thinking that here they are, working together in a very challenging situation in a new city, they just have each other to rely on, and what a strong start that will be to their marriage.
Venue
Ceremony and Reception Greystone at Piedmont Park
Services
Officiant Rick Braswell
Photographer Tessa Marie Photography
Caterer Talk of the Town
Baker Sweet Caroline's Cakes
Florist Fuji Floral Design
Hair and Makeup Brushworx
DJ Ampd Atlanta
Host Hotel W Atlanta Midtown
Photo Booth WOW Photo Booth
Transportation Atlantic Limousine
Rehearsal Dinner Mary Mac's
"First of all, because this is going to be a long review, I’ll give you the bottom line: I would have paid triple the price for Daria and Circle of Love Weddings and would recommend Daria to my closest friends and family members.
My (new) wife and I are both physicians doing our residency at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta. She is training to be licensed as a general surgeon, and I’m training to be licensed as an internist. When we were engaged in February 2013, we knew that we would have to use a wedding planner or we wouldn’t be able to make our wedding happen, as we consistently work 80 hour weeks (up to 120 hours per week on difficult rotations). We had heard good things about Daria, and decided to meet her to see what we thought of her.
Our first impression was one of an individual who was experienced, organized, and professional. And, thankfully, we decided to hire her to plan our wedding. Instantly, we felt comfortable in our decision. Even surrounded by type-A personalities in our profession, Daria was the most organized person I’ve ever met. She explained her system, which included several checklists based on how many months or weeks remained before the wedding. She was extremely knowledgeable when it came to local Atlanta vendors and every vendor she recommended was phenomenal. Her professional opinion is invaluable when planning a wedding.
In summary, Daria is a one-of-a-kind planner. Her work is effortless, as if she was designed to make your wedding as incredible as it could be. She was respectful with family yet she knew how to manage them. She cared about our feelings, but wasn’t afraid to tell us when we were got caught up in a minor decision or were straying outside of our budget. By the end, I felt like she was as invested in our wedding as we were, and she made our special day unforgettable. We truly can’t thank her enough for giving us the best night of our lives." ~ Rich (groom)
Please click here to read more comments about Circle of Love Weddings.
Photos
Click here to see a slideshow of the photos shown below and more.
Photos courtesy of Tessa Marie Photography
Dow Jones- News Corp a done deal?
Reporting has been all over the map for the last 24 hours on Rupert's bid for Dow Jones. A 5 pm deadline yesterday came and...
As of 11:30, Reuters is reporting that the deal is done and DJ has agreed to sell to News Corp. The Wall Street Journal itself has not reported that yet, and no official statement has emerged. Either way, look for definitive word by the end of the day at the latest.
Have you registered with us yet?
Register now to enjoy more articles and free email bulletinsRegisterThis family-friendly event presented by the White Meadow Lake Property Owners Association features live entertainment, a parade, fireworks, contests,.
Visit DreamlandAmusements.com for coupon savings on rides. Carnival hours are 6 to 11 pm Friday, 3 to 11 pm Saturday and noon to 10 pm Sunday.
Friday's festivities include a Danceathon (8 pm). The festival opens at noon on).
Go to the "White Meadow Lake POA" Facebook page for the full festival schedule.
For more information, call 866-666-3247.
Free parking, admission and entertainment. Ride cost varies.
White Meadow Lake Property Owners Association
866-666-3247
Dreamland Amusements
We make every effort to ensure the accuracy of this information. However, you should always call ahead to confirm dates, times, location, and other information.I love my bike, and I love riding through this city. Being a passionate advocate for the bicycle in general, and a regular rider down Canning street I am also in favour of allowing bikes through the Carlton gardens. The bike path ends abruptly and confusingly, funneling commuting bikes down the footpath at the side of the park, where most pedestrians don't expect or realize it is a shared path. It's frustrating.
I know this is one of those issues that divides the people, but Bikes make our city better, and not just for those riding them. Ronan has organised a protest, and others have talked about it here.
In a slightly related note, look at these wonderful Bicycle Portraits. And some more bike love and joy here, Roda Roda Soundsystem.
1 comment:
Thanks Dell!Although we are leaving in exactly 7 days, we still didn’t decide on our trip itinerary. Of course we thought about some options, like doing an East- to West-coast trip, or driving from South-East Canada along the Western coast of the US. Then again, we also would like to drive to New York and go up North from there on.
Even though we didn’t plan stuff yet, in my head I already imagined these trips like the ultimate road trip experience; just driving around in a car (or maybe even a camper), stopping every now and then in places that seem cool, and stay at camping sites or AirBnB’s. This kind of trip involves a lot of driving, but hey, I passed my license a few weeks ago for a reason.
Now, we don’t have a car here in Holland, so we only took car rides with our daughter Lucie a few times. That is until recently, because moving out of our current place involved borrowing my parents car and doing a few car trips. This is when we made an unpleasant discovery.
On one of our first moving trips, after only 10 minutes in the car, Lucie’s lunch that she had had an hour before came out. The poor thing had been crying those 10 minutes before, and now it was clear why (although we could have guessed by green color her face had turned).
Unfortunately it was not a one-time thing. She vomited 4 out of the 5 car trips we did recently (yes, I kept count), starting on average after 12 minutes of driving. Now just saying to her: “we are going to take the car now”, is enough to make her start crying hysterically.
Motion sickness. Great. Doing on average 2 or 3 hours of driving a day (with sometimes even longer drives) for half a year doesn’t really sound like the best idea now. My envision of driving in our camper on Route 66 while listening to some nice country music doesn’t go very well with the smell of vomit in the background.
Luckily we didn’t book anything yet, and we are staying at our family’s in Montreal the first part of our trip, so we have some time to figure out some alternatives like taking trains or taking some continental flights.
I guess that’s the first lesson for our trip; be flexible and don’t force things if they are not gonna work. Maybe we won’t have the road trip experience as I imagined, but I’m sure we can figure some other way to make this an amazing trip. I will keep you updated on our travel plans.House Extends Tax Credit to Overseas Military for One More Year
The US House of Representatives unanimously voted to extend the $8,000 first time home buyers tax credit for an additional 12 months to anyone in the military, the Foreign Service, and employees of the intelligence community on official extended duty service who has served overseas for three months in 2009. The vote was 416 to zero, and the bill now has to go the US Senate and the President for final approval.
This new extension will give up to 350,000 military families currently serving overseas until November 2010 to the $8,000 tax credit. The IRS "recapture" rules will be waived for any service member who is deployed and must sell or rent their home.
The "Service Members Home Owners Tax Act" (HR 3590) is now heading to the Senate Finance Committee to review the bill and hopefully move it to a vote in the full Senate. With a unanimous vote in the House it should be easy to pass the senate and find it's way to the President's desk.
Maybe this is a small step in the direction of extending the $8,000 tax credit to first time home buyers.Adrian Fitch highlights a refreshingly intelligent article which criticises the urban cyclist for actual wrongs, unlike the steaming pile of manure from Erin Baker last year. It’s great to see a journalist putting even a modicum of thought into an anti-cycling rant.
Brian Hennigan had a wonderful rant against what he described as antisocial cyclist s in Tuesdayâ€™s Edinburgh Evening News.
He targeted:
- Pavement cycling: â€œIf you donâ€™t have stabilisers on, the road is the only place we should find you whizzing alongâ€.
- Running red lights: â€œApart from anything else, your invisibility to other road-users might just be proven in a way you did not envisageâ€.
- Those who cycle where it is prohibited: â€œone day someone is going to get fed-up with your selfish behaviour and you will be amazed how far you can travel without a bicycle when someone jams a stick in your rear-wheelâ€.
- Stealth ninja cyclists: â€œCycling without lights at night is not some environmentally courageous way of showing how you and the owls are as one; itâ€™s a way of being on a bicycle that says: â€œI donâ€™t care about anyone else other than myselfâ€.
- And of course, helmets: â€œAnyone who thinks pedalling au naturale is fine deserves whatever non-indicating delivery van might lie in their futureâ€.
It is a decently written rant. I’d agree with Brian on almost every point excepting the helmets issue. I think it’s not a simple argument, and I so believe it’s up to people to decide for themselves whether wearing Â£25 worth of potentially life-saving plastic is really that much bother. For me, there’s no question 🙂
SAP will still offer software to help other companies manage reviews
SAP, which sells software that supports how and when businesses deliver performance feedback to millions of employees worldwide, is eliminating annual performance reviews for its own workers.
The company touts its
SAP SuccessFactors product as "the leading cloud-based human capital management software"; it has more than 4,450 customers and 40 million cloud application subscribers across more than 60 industries in more than 177 countries.
Based in Germany, SAP joins a host of other organizations that in recent years have either eliminated or replaced annual performance reviews.
SAP's head of HR, Wolfgang Fassnacht, told Reuters that Europe's biggest software maker found the annual review process counter-productive to meaningful dialogue.
"Grading workers did not work. People are open to feedback, also to harsh criticism, until the moment you start giving scores. Then the shutters go down," he told Reuters.
In announcing the change for workers in the United States, SAP said it will replace the slower, more costly annual process with regular check-in discussions to better support employees accustomed to working in a fast-paced digital environment where decisions and feedback happen in real time.
With 4,000 employees in California's San Francisco Bay Area, SAP plans to implement the policy locally and across North America in 2017, according to a release.
The company is not alone.
As
SHRM Online reported several months ago, Accenture, General Electric, Deloitte, Adobe, Medtronic, Gap and Microsoft have replaced performance reviews with other methodologies.
Reasons the companies cited for eliminating the evaluations were their laborious nature, the awkward dynamic they create between employees and managers, the unhealthy competition they incite among colleagues, and the dissatisfaction managers have with the entire process.
According to CEB (formerly the Corporate Executive Board) 6 percent of
Fortune 500 companies have eliminated evaluations. The
Harvard Business Review reported late last year that, by early 2015, about "30 large companies, representing over 1.5 million employees, were following a similarIn 2005 Sibusiso Mogale made headlines when he was awarded the courage award at the Telkom Midmar Mile race after swimming the 1.6 km Halfway Telkom Midmar Mile race. A few months later he became the first black swimmer to win a gold medal in the 100m breaststroke in the England Open Championships for the Disabled held at Sheffield in England.
Since then the Mpumalanga born athlete has come a long way. He reached the final in the World Disabled Championships held in Durban last year. He also won a number of medals at the Central Gauteng Swimming Championships held last December. He even has a swimming pool and rehabilitation centre named after him in Vanderbijlpark called the ‘Sibusiso Mogale Swim and Rehabilitation Centre’.
When asked about this, he laughs, almost embarrassed. “I was actually speechless when they phoned me and asked my permission to name the centre after me. I was in such awe.”
But Sibusiso has worked hard. In December 2006 he swam in the International Paralympic Committee’s (IPC) World Swimming Championships in Durban and came eighth in the men’s S6 100m backstroke in 1:47.06. In that same year he was recognised at swimming South Africa’s Athlete of the Year awards with the Disabled Athlete Special Mention.
While training everyday Sibusiso is also writing his matric at Bishop Bavin School in Bedfordview. The school as been very understanding of his hectic schedule. “They have been fantastic. I am writing half my matric this year and the other half next year because of my training schedule.” Sibusiso is a boarder at the school as is Shireen Sapiro, another Paralympic hopeful. With the final team for the Beijing Paralympics to be announced in June, it is no wonder his schedule is so busy.
“It is my dream to participate in Beijing this year. I am hoping that I make the final squad. I compete in the 50m and 100m breaststroke and the 50m and 100m butterfly as well as the 200m individual medley. I would like to participate in all these events in Beijing.”
“It would be so awesome for me to make the team. Like having the centre named after me, I would be so excited,” says the level-headed, down-toearth 19 year old.
Swimming he says has changed his life. “When I started swimming at Hope School, I did not realise the impact swimming would have on my life. I still am amazed today when people recognize me or notice me.” But he should not be. This athlete has really overcome all odds and is sure to be included in the swimming squad for Beijing. He is an inspiration to everyone who comes into contact with him.Date Approved
2009
Degree Type
Open Access Thesis
Degree Name
Master of Science (MS)
Department
Chemistry
Committee Member
Dr. Deborah Heyl-Clegg, Chair
Committee Member
Dr. Steven Pernecky
Committee Member
Dr. Ruth Ann Armitage
Abstract
Human islet amyloid polypeptide (hIAPP) is secreted in the β-cells of the pancreas, which also secretes insulin. In type 2 diabetes mellitus, hIAPP undergoes self-aggregation, forming fibrils. This self-aggregation is cytotoxic and is thought to be linked to type 2 diabetes mellitus by causing β-cell membrane destruction. The N-terminus of hIAPP (1-19) contains a binding site (residues 14-18) for self-aggregation. Aggregation is thought to be mediated by pistacking interactions between phenylalanine residues of hIAPP. In this study, the hIAPP 1-19 sequence was modified by replacing phenylalanine with alanine and naphthylalanine, to study if the modification of the aromatic side chain alters aggregation and membrane destructive activity. The activity of the modified hIAPP sequences was tested against differently charged lipids, using a fluorescent dye leakage assay. Both modified hIAPP 1-19 sequences were found to be less active when compared to the original hIAPP 1-19 sequence. This might be due to lack of aromatic pi-stacking interactions at the 15th position or due to inappropriate structural conformation of the naphthylalanine analog.
Recommended Citation
Konda, Srikanth Reddy, "Role of Aromatic Pi-stacking on the Aggregation of Human Islet Amyloid Polypeptide (hIAPP)" (2009). Master's Theses and Doctoral Dissertations. 253.Let justice roll down …!
We felt that it was important for those who support us and pray for us to understand the tougher side of our agenda for ministry. Not only are we called to compassion and kindness, but our love also needs to be expressed in actions for justice. The prophets consistently called for worship that will translate into justice, for systemic change and for social transformation.
It is not enough to assume that personal conversion will lead to social change. We have to be more intentional as churches to nurture a holistic spirituality that will go beyond personal conversion and piety, to interpersonal reconciliation, and social justice. Our discipleship process should help Christians to contextualise and apply their faith into the realities of everyday life in our communities, at the work place, in board rooms and on the streets. If we do not educate the church to help shape public policy, to transfer values, to impact decision-making processes, and to nurture a responsible and caring culture, our faith has become rather sterile.
Today there is death in our streets.
• When a street vendor gets killed at the bus station because it is the only way he knows how to earn a living, there is death in our midst.
• If an eight year old is sold by family members as a sex slave there is death in our midst.
• If men with big cars drive around at night to pick up 14 year old boys for sex there is death on our streets.
• If air-conditioned buildings stand empty in the city while homeless people die of exposure in winter, there is death in our midst.
• If businesses and churches disinvest from the inner city, banks withdraw and estate agents exploit inner city residents, it contributes to death in our city.
• If the media proclaims stereotypes about the inner city from their front pages, they announce death in our city.
God calls his people to respond to death and injustices in the opposite spirit by erecting signs of life and justice.
“Let justice roll down like streams of living water …!”
This remains our challenge. To announce and to demonstrate God’s love and justice in practical ways…what does it imply for the church in the city?
We ought to stand against the abuse of women and children; fight the harassment of innocent and vulnerable people; ensure decent, affordable housing for the inner city poor, close to job opportunities; fight inner city slum formation, absentee landlords and abandonment; affirm homelessness as a central issue of concern; build democratic community structures that will inform public policy and decision-making.
People in the city need a bold and practical demonstration that God cares and that God’s love is real. The Good News must be fleshed out in situations of deal and despair; turning bad buildings around and supporting people to turn around from their self-destructive ways.The syntax policies clearly point out that any time a record product contains multiple paragraphs, “Every subsequent paragraph in an inventory merchandise has to be indented by possibly 4 spaces or a single tab” (emphasis extra).
Am i able to cast the "Find Acquainted" spell on behalf of One more character and would that protect against me from utilizing the locate common spell on myself?
Select this Check out box to add all source roots of the project towards the natural environment variable PYTHONPATH;
merchandise up. From the inner loop, where you Review the elements, you won't need to iterate The entire listing in Every single change. The heaviest
In class we've been accomplishing sorting algorithms and, Though I comprehend them fine when talking about them and crafting pseudocode, I am having issues composing real code for them.
So What exactly are you expecting? Find out Python in a means which will advance your profession and raise your know-how, all in an enjoyable and practical way!
Should the Examine errors checkbox is cleared, the compiler will clearly show the many detected glitches nevertheless the run configuration nonetheless is going to be introduced.
A Python library for retrieving useful annotations of genes and examining the results of genetic variants, now concentrating on proteomic details of protein-coding genes.
After every single video you discover a brand new beneficial concept which you can implement straight away. As well as you could try this out the better part is you understand by means of Are living examples.
Decoupage is definitely the artwork of decorating an item by gluing colored paper cutouts on to it together with Specific paint consequences ... The software package decoupage enables you to sew with each other index webpages from filesystem written content
set your checks beyond your Python package. This causes it to be hard to operate the checks against an installed Model.
A Plone four solution that generates image thumbnail previews of PDF documents stored on ATFile dependent objects.
Python implementation of Schoof's algorithm for counting the factors on elliptic curves around finite fieldsPayment: Contributors will receive $50/story and 2 copies of the anthology on publication. Contract is for one-time rights.
How to submit: Include story title and byline at top of first page. Send double spaced Times or Times New Roman 12 point black font Word document (.doc only, biwomenantho@gmail.com. If you are using a pseudonym, please provide your real name and pseudonym and make it clear which one you’d like to be credited as. I will be accepting stories on a rolling basis so the sooner you submit, the better. Cleis Press has final approval over the manuscript so you can expect a final answer by February 2012.
I’ve been seeing numerous recent submissions that do not conform to my guidelines. They are there for a reason and submissions not meeting these guidelines will not be considered. Please read and follow them or risk your submission being rejected or returned for reformatting. If you have any questions, please contact me at biwomenantho@gmail.com
Via: lustylady.blogspot.com
Contact Information:
For inquiries: biwomenantho@gmail.com
For submissions: biwomenantho@gmail.com
Website:
This blog is no longer updated. Please instead visit Writers For Diversity for new opportunities for women/ LGBT writers and writers of color. Thank you.New Delhi : Scarves and stoles are absolute must haves for every girls wardrobe during winter. Use them to drape in a multitude of ways and look fashionable, says an expert.
Shikul Narula, a stylist from the globally renowned accessory brand Vismaya, lists an array of stylish ways to adorn colourful scarves and stoles:
* Vibrant scarves can be worn with almost everything. The basic scarf is a must have as it can add some drama and fun to any boring outfit. Simply wrap it around the neck.
* Winter calls for a lot of partying and one doesn't always want to wear heavy overcoats. Wrap a beautiful hand embroidered stole or crystal laden scarf over a black dress to stand out in the crowd. Pair this with stockings and boots to glam it up.
* Wear scarves with fur, leather, suede or lace. All of these are surely going to make a few heads turn and are bound to bring you a ton of compliments. They will not only add drama to any outfit but will ensure you are on point in your style game.
* You can also use scarves to accessorise your hair. Make a messy bun then roll the scarf all over it and make a knot. This is surely going to come to your rescue on a bad hair day and add to a boho vibe.
* Bow style: This is an extremely elegant way of draping a scarf. Make one side of the scarf longer than the other and make a loop in the upward direction hiding the end. Make a bow by holding the scarf in the centre. Now take the shorter side of scarf and wrap it around the bow. Once done, bring the end of the shorter side of the scarf around the bow and through the middle. When the scarf comes out on the other side pull it to make it a bit tighter and arrange the bow.
* Belted scarves: Let the scarf fall in front of your dress and pair it with a skinny belt. This should be done with a relatively longer scarf which is rectangular in shape. Wear heels with this style as it works to give an illusion of height and makes one look taller.
* If you are going for a professional or formal look this winter, you can enhance the look by draping the scarf around the neck and keep the loop under the collar of the blazer/jacket and keeping the rest of it in front. You can leave the buttons open as well. If your overall outfit is black go for a brighter scarf, as it will add colour to your overall outfit.
* If you are going for traditional Indian wear, go for scarf necklaces in contrast colours for your attire. Make a basic loop, take one end and twist it several times around the loop, ending at the centre front. Repeat it on the other side and then arrange the ends at centre knot. Another way to drape a stole with your Indian wear it to use it as a dupatta and let it hang from one side. This style will make an outfit look unique and keep you cosy at the same time.
* French knot: An extremely popular style which is stylish and super easy! Just fold the scarf in half and put it around your shoulders. Take one loose end and pull it over and under the scarf loop. Take the other end and go under and over the same loop.
* Head scarf: If you want to keep your head warm but not use a boring cap/hat we have some ideas. Wrap a scarf on the back of your head and bring it in front. Make it a crisscross and then again take it back and make a knot. Tuck in the left of the scarf under the knotted area and you have a super stylish headgear.Nicolet Accent Cabinet: 33.8'' Depth: 16''
Other items and packages in this collection
Product OverviewTimeless beauty combines with modern functionality in this Nicolet accent cabinet. Easily find space for your items in this unit’s pull-out storage drawer or fixed-shelf, which is enclosed behind dual doors. Finished in washed-grey tones and accented with mirrored panels, this cabinet adds contemporary flair to any room. What’s more, this piece has been constructed of breathtaking solid fir-wood and medium density fibreboard (MDF) to ensure remarkable strength and stability.
Key Features
- Pull-Out Drawer - Provides the perfect storage solution for smaller items, like keys and loose papers.
- Natural Wood Finish with Washed-Grey Tones - Adds an earthy feeling to any room.
- Mirrored Panels - Beautifully complement the cabinet’s finish and adds to its modern design.
- Fixed Shelf Behind Dual Doors - Creates a space for your living essentials.
- Hand-Crafted Distressed-Wood Design - Helps enhance the cabinet’s naturally weathered look.
- Contemporary Design - Delivers a modern touch to your living space.
Dimensions
- Accent Cabinet: 30" W x 16" D x 33.8" H
Materials and Construction
Wood: Fir Solids and: Stain and Lacquer
Stain finishes are commonly used to deliver a deep, consistent colour and provide a more natural look than paint. Lacquer is slightly thinner than other finishes, allowing it to penetrate furniture deeper and provide a protective seal. It’s long lasting and resists chips and flaking, ensuring the longevity you look for in your home furnishings.
Finish Colour: Natural Fir-Wood with Washed-Grey Tones
Warm and inviting, the rich natural brown of the fir-wood has been highlighted with washed-grey tones to resemble the look of naturally weathered wood and adds timeless magnificence to the cabinet’s contemporary style.Janet Halligan
I make 'trompe l'oeil' sculptural pieces and hand-built vessels in stoneware. The realistic work consists mainly of bags, shoes and 'cardboard boxes' filled with tools or bric a brac. These are often modelled from life and reflect the wear and tear inflicted on them by the wearer/user. The vessels, chiefly jugs, mugs and teapots have evolved from the sculptural work and usually feature fastenings such as buttons, laces or latches. The work is mostly hand-built from sheets or slabs of lightly grogged buff stoneware body. Occasionally, I use porcelain or white stoneware for selected items. I use a range of other techniques such as extrusions-notably for laces and often impress items such as zips into the clay. I use an extensive range of stoneware glazes and low-fired metal lustres to achieve realistic trompe l'oeil effects. Currently, I am developing a range of sculptural pieces inspire by landscapes notably the Alpujarras in Southern Spain.A Contra Costa County prosecutor wants a grandfather to stand trial for murder for the fatal pit bull mauling of his 2-year-old step-grandson.
Prosecutor Mary Knox argued Wednesday at a preliminary hearing that Steven Hayashi should be tried for second-degree murder because he knew his five pit bulls were dangerous and he made no attempt to protect Jacob Bisbee, the Contra Costa Times reports.
The 53-year-old Hayashi of Concord has been charged with child abuse or neglect and owning a mischievous animal causing death.
Authorities say Bisbee was attacked by at least three pit bulls last July when he entered his family garage. Hayashi was not at home.
Hayashi's attorney argues that Jacob's father is to blame because he did not arrange child care for the boy and his 4-year-old brother.
A judge is expected to rule on July 14.
---
Information from: Contra Costa Times,Released January 2016 this is the latest hit from Dbanj aka the Koko master some say Dbanj's music has never been the same since he parted ways with Ace producer and owner of Marvin records Don Jazzy and maybe they need to get back together again for the Koko master to rediscover the magic of the old days.
I would not really want to be the judge of Dbanj, are his tracks still as good as the ones he made in the early days with Don J? the likes of 'Suddenly, Gbono Feli Feli and Tongolo, that question is probably a matter for debate amongst his millions of fans.
What is undisputable is that he is one of the most successful and well known Afropop artist's of all time and can boast of mega worldwide hits such as 'Oliver Twist' which featured American rap star Kanye West as well a stint with Snoop Dog on another hit track 'Mr Endowed' back in 2010.
He has won numerous accolades including Artist of the year at the 2009 MTV music awards, signed a major record deal with Sony Music in 2012 and collaborated with many of the top artists on the Naija music scene.
So is this new track up to scratch and is it another big hit check it out and and download it now or feel free to leave your comments.
links:
Listen/Download Emergency mp3
Watch The Dbanj Story on CNN
Follow Dbanj on:
Official WebsiteTeresa and Connor Good Luck. This is such a great cause! $10.00
Jeff Kuhlman That's awesome what you are doing!! Best wishes.. $200.00
Michael Leach let me know if you haven't hit your goal by the 5th. Best of Luck!! $250.00
Jason Birdwell Best of Luck Baby!!!! Don't Freeze!!! $375.00
Marie Brayfield $25.00
Darin Chiropractic, LLC Call me after you hurt yourself! 618.624.2400 $50.00
Carl Smith First name on the list $50.00-

June Giveaway Winner!
Congratulations to lucky winner JC! Please email your size and address to seammagear@gmail.com. For the rest of you guys, don’t fret. Just stay tuned for the next giveaway!
Posted in Announcements Tagged Announcements, Giveaways Leave a comment
Shoyoroll Batch #9 Yin Yang Order
The Shoyoroll Yin (White) and Shoyoroll Yang (Black) will be available for orders this weekend and ship within a week! For you guys who missed out on the Batch #10 pre-orders, here’s a sweeter deal – Batch #9 that is in stock! … 
Posted in Announcements Tagged Announcements, BJJ Gi, Shoyoroll Leave a comment
Black Eagle Predator MKII Gi Review
Posted in BJJ Gis Tagged BJJ Gi, Black Eagle, Shinguards 2 Comments
The Great Monthly Giveaway!
That’s right! Rub your eyes again, but it’s true! We’re doing a giveaway, and it’s dead simple to take part in! The Little Details: The Giveaway is open to international readers. Only one winner will be chosen at random. Winner … 
Posted in Announcements Tagged Announcements, Giveaways 15 Comments
BJJ HQ Launches!
For all the BJJ players, check out BJJHQ, which just launched today. Shipping is available to US, UK, Canada and Australia on a 2 tier shipping setup. Shorts and rashguards have cheap shipping. Shipping on kimonos is more. New Vulkan … 
Posted in Deals Tagged BJJ HQ, Deals, Sponsored Leave a comment
Nogi HD Fight Shorts Review
Posted in Fight Shorts Tagged Fight Shorts, HD, Nogi 1 Comment
Nogi Velox Rashguard Review
Posted in Rashguards Tagged Nogi, Rashguard, Velox 1 Comment
PunchTown BXR mk II Review
Posted in Boxing Gloves Tagged Boxing Gloves, PunchTown 5 CommentsHotel Accommodation near Todgarh
Search 1 hotels in Todgarh
Collect 10 nights, get 1 reward night
And look out for Secret Prices on selected hotels
Where to stay in Todgarh
India   accommodation in Todgarh - Hotels.com offers great last-minute Todgarh hotels deals and discount room rates. Our hotels in Todgarh can easily be booked online. Our fast online search facility allows you to:
- - Find and compare different hotels in Todgarh by star rating, amenities, theme, or brand
- - Choose the perfect Todgarh hotel and view room rates, hotel details, guest reviews and photos
- - Securely book your hotel room online today!
- - Receive email and text confirmations with reservation details of your online hotel bookingPrivatize exclusive places for your PR activities, customers events
Discover all the possibilities, apartment, private room, restaurant:
Futuring has no legal or commercial links with show organisers. The names of these shows are registered trademarks and are property of the organising companies.
© Futuring 2014 - website created by Graffikweb. All rights reserved.By Dave Mellin
February 14, 2014
As some of the biggest names in sports and entertainment gather in New Orleans this weekend for NBA All-Star 2014, Sprint will take center stage. Now through Sunday, the Sprint brand will be highlighted at key events during one of the NBA’s marquee events of the year and prominently featured to a national TV audience during coverage of events televised by ESPN and TNT.
For fans attending the festivities in New Orleans, we offer many unique opportunities at the Sprint NBA Experience at NBA All-Star Jam Session. This fan-interactive event allows NBA sponsors to engage with fans, feature their products and services, offer star players for autographs and photos, and conduct other fun events in which fans participate.
More than 10,000 fans will have an opportunity to participate in several interactive events at the Sprint NBA Experience at Jam Session. It includes a Sprint-branded stage where where you can learn about the Sprint Framily plan and Sprint products and services along with a special offer for $0 down on any Samsung device for well qualified buyers.
Also at Jam Session, Sprint is presenting sponsor of the NBA’s Discover Green location. In that space we are promoting our Buyback program that financially rewards fans for recycling their old used wireless phones, along with information about how fans can partner with Sprint and the NBA to “go green.”
Sprint is the title sponsor of the Sprint NBA Celebrity All-Star Game played in the Sprint Arena at the convention center. Sprint Post Up ambassador Skylar Diggins will also capture behind-the-scenes activity and share it with fans.
Additionally, Sprint is the title sponsor of the Sprint NBA Pregame Concert at NBA All-Star featuring performances from Aloe Blacc and Jason Derulo. Held in the Sprint Arena with thousands expected, the Sprint NBA Pregame Concert will be broadcast via live look-ins during TNT and NBA TV’s telecasts before the All-Star game tips off, so be sure to tune in to see their performances.
And remember, if you’re an NBA fan only NBA Game Time from Sprint delivers free unlimited live coverage of every NBA game. Only Sprint subscribers get exclusive free access to live NBA games and free access to NBA Game Time Plus that include live radio broadcasts, game video, alerts and more. NBA Game Time is free with Sprint Unlimited data plans so be sure to download it to follow all the action this weekend and throughout the remainder of the season.
Dave Mellin is a communications manager for the brand and sponsorship teams at Sprint. Based in Denver, he can answer questions related to Sprint’s sports and entertainment sponsorships, and advertising. You can reach Dave at dave.mellin@sprint.com.Illa Llinares
Family Coach for Teens & Parents
Meet Illa
“The Family Coach who helps teenagers and their parents to feel happier, motivated and connected”
My name is Illa and this is my story…
I was born and raised in a small town by the Mediterranean Sea in Spain. My parents divorced when I was two years old and I went to live with my mum. She happily remarried giving me the opportunity to have three parents to take care of me, and also to expect great things from me.
I was a nice and happy little girl that obeyed to almost everything I was asked to. I wanted to feel loved, protected and appreciated by my family, teachers and peers. Thus, I became a straight A’s student, hard working, responsible, creative, smart and sensitive teen. I had the most wonderful parents that supported me, and was surrounded by a good group of friends. Played basketball, practiced Ninjutsu (Japanese martial art), and studied German afterschool. I was an active member in my community and, seemingly, I had it all. There was no apparent reason for me to feel lonely during my teenage years.
Despite my outgoing and high performance character, I frequently felt alone and lost. For me, it was like living two different lives at the same time. The first of which represented the perfect student, achieving everybody’s expectations and creating the impression that my life was enviably and picture-perfect in front of others.
The second life was nothing close to what one could understand as perfect… I felt a lot of pressure to always fulfill other people’s wishes, without being able to because that’s impossible; even though I had some friends, I didn’t feel I fitted in because some of them referred to me as a nerd, busty and four-eyes. Therefore, I thought nobody liked me and that I couldn’t trust my friends; I didn’t want to be smart anymore; and, hated my body.
I kept my nice façade, but felt very isolated with no one to talk to; especially to my parents who I tried to protect and wanted not to worry about me. I didn’t know who I really was; I felt that nobody could understand me, disconnected from the world, hopeless about my future, and preferred to stay at home watching TV to distract myself from the reality than to party…
Luckily, I found two escape routes: acting and traveling. I loved both activities and I fought for them! Those hobbies gave me the possibility to be someone else, not worrying about who I was or what I was supposed to do. While on stage I could set myself free! And, thanks to travel abroad by myself with the excuse to learn English and German, I found my way to free myself from being hostage in my own home and town.
I really enjoyed living in different countries such as England, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, Germany, etc. With none of my people around me, I thought I could be my true self. The people I met knew who I really was, with no judgments or already defined expectations. I felt so freed! However, that feeling couldn’t last forever. Eventually, I had to go back home.
I knew things had to change. I couldn’t live like that forever. But I didn’t know how to do it and I couldn’t help it. When the high school graduation was getting closer, I got much more stressed and anxious, not just because I needed to be the first of my class, but because I had to decide about my future. How can you think about it and feel good if you are not motivated and enthusiastic about what’s next?
When the time arrived I graduated first of my class and started College to complete my M.A. in Business Administration & Management, and another M.A. in Law. I thought it was my chance to a fresh start. I moved to a new city, had new roommates and classmates. However, nothing changed within me… This was the time when I realized it had nothing to do with how others treated me or expected things from me. I didn’t have to change my environment to feel accepted and understood; I had to change something within me. But, what and how?
My stress and anxiety increased to the point where I start having panic attacks. Thus, I got introduced to mindfulness techniques and I could get that anxiety under control. Even though it was really helpful, I needed to find my own way, my own path, and my purpose. However, life didn’t stop from moving forward. So, in the meantime, I graduated from College and did what everybody expected from me: work for large multinational organizations.
Some years later, while working on finding my passion, I started experiencing the coaching techniques effects on myself. I found it life-changing, so I became a Life Coach by Instituto Europeo de Coaching, an International Coach Federation (ICF) accredited institution.
That was it! I found myself! I could live my truth! I set my true self free once and for all! With that clarity of mind and spirit, I founded Itaca Coaching. Itaca is a Greek Island, home of Odysseus, the hero from the Greek Homer’s epic poem the Odyssey. His quest to reach Itaca is a symbol of the journey we live when pursuing our goals. Illa, my name, means Island in my mother language.
Thus, I knew that working with high achiever teenagers to help them and their parents to feel happy, motivated and connected was my purpose in life. To support them in their own journeys, so they can meet their aims, just like Odysseus finally made it, and reached Itaca.
I started working with Illa when I was a Senior at HS. And, thanks to the coaching program I managed to relax and control my stress. That allowed me to achieve my goal of passing my finals and starting my College degree. The fact that I reached all my objectives, step by step, made me aware that I am capable of accomplishing whatever I plan. I just have to set the goals clearly and work to get them done. I totally recommend working with Illa!N.S.
I enjoyed the coaching process with Illa very much. I learnt various tools which are useful for different situations in my life. But above all I know myself much better. In every session I felt comfortable, relaxed, and working as a team with a good professional, that felt very close at the same time. After each one of the sessions I felt with renewed energy. The coaching process has surprised me very positively. I feel very satisfied and happy. Illa is extraordinarily supportive in every aspect.P.V.Its 4.00 a.m in the morning. Must I say, I have a view from my balcony at this hour. Wish I had a camera, but somethings should be captured in the mind. Funny, it is that I have being dramatizing this moment in the mind for such a long time.
Its going to be a almost a 10 year stint in this place. Affection, like life finds its way over a period of time. But then, I mentioned a view. This one is special. Outside the lamp post is as usual wonderfully pouring yellow light down on a lush green tree. Beyond the small fence lies a lush green sports lawn. Not exactly of the size measured in the number of foot ball fields, but quite small. May be a fourth of the foot fall field. Beside the this ground, is the two storied, school. Desolated, at this hour, relaxing in silence. Beyond, at 10 floored eye level is the green hill. Rather a series of green hills. Still and green, and encompassing a town, away from the hustle. Witness this with the first drizzle that comes over.
This is first rain of the season. In this dark morning, the drizzles started pouring heavily, the classic pitter patter. For us, its going to be the last spell of Mumbai monsoon in this place. Rains which are mostly dreaded, I have noticed is also mostly awaited here in the city, irrespective of the filth it brings about on the roads. But then , people here have habit of looking up come what may, at the dancing stream of rains over the city skylines, over the queens necklace, over the beach line, and its those sights,that I have noticed is cherished.
And of course, I am not alone, I know at this hour, there are many who would be sleepless and sinking into their own feelings. Sucking the quite ness of the pitter patter before the rush. Lot of eyes would be watching out of the windows. A few hands would be stretched out of the windows. And a few, feeling the coolness over the fingertips and coldness over the skin. All of this under the night sky while the dark clouds gently are falling down and apart.
There is a funny image I have though, one of a sleepless infant child, laying alone in the cradle listening to the rain drops, wondering at the pitter-patter down on the window. Mfay be smiling with glittering eyes wide open and wondering at the mysterious wonderment of the sound,while half of world sleeps, unaware, a distant life forms its way under the realm of things unseen, un noticed.Annual Black-Eyed Susans
I adore perennial black-eyed susans. They are hardy, reliable, cheery, and easy to grow. When I learned that an annual variety exists, I couldn’t think of any reason a gardener would grow them. Why fuss with new plants every year, when you can plant the perennial flower to enjoy for many seasons? Still, I was curious, so I bought a packet of seeds.
The annual BES is a bit different than the perennial. The leaves are larger and hairy. The flowers are also larger, but fewer are produced. (However, this could be a result of my plants’ morning-sun location.) The most interesting difference is the flower’s center. It is shiny, almost glossy, like a true eyeball. The perennial flower’s center is a matte brown. The plants stand at about the same height, three feet.
My verdict: I won’t go out of my way to plant annual black-eyed susans again. I enjoyed trying something new, but they really aren’t worth the bother.
My verdict: I won’t go out of my way to plant annual black-eyed susans again. I enjoyed trying something new, but they really aren’t worth the bother.
6 Comments:
Looks like they have starker contrast to their colors than the regular BES I've seen.
If you like them, let them seed. Your local goldfinches will adore you, and some will inevitably drop and come up next year.
They are almost as dependable as perennials.
There is pretty variety of annual BES that has a green center. I think it is called "Green Eyes". I grew some a few years ago, different and pretty.
Don't let them go to seed. I planted these almost a decade ago and although I "weed" them out every year, they are STILL threatening to take over. Very, very invasive.
This kind of a bland version of the annual BES. There are some really fantastic ones. In fact, they are one of my favorite annuals. I tried to get a picture of mine this year, but my camera is fussy and will not give me clear pictures of certain flowers. I will post my best picture of this years bunch for you on my blog sometime over the weekend - so watch for it.
Unlike OldRoses, I have never had a problem with these being invasive. In fact, I try to get them to take over areas, but only get 1-2 plants a year. :(
You should collect seed from the BES at Sooty Acres Park (Hauck Botanic Gradens, where the Civic Garden Ceter is). We have an annual bed there of All America Selections, and the 'Cherokee Sunset' comes in all sorts of color combinations. If you let your reseed, many times they come upin different combinations as well. I've never had them be invasive. CorrieTweet
Color : Black Category : Laser Toner Cartridges Number of pages: 3,500 pages For use in the following printer models: Canon LBP 4 Canon LBP 4 III Canon LBP 4 Lite Canon LBP 4 Plus Canon LBP 4sx Canon LBP LX Canon P 110 Oem Engine
Write Your Own Review
Products Questions:
There are no product questions yet.Bodri Lanka within a year. We make this prediction with responsibility. As predicted by us earlier, a Sri Lankan Muslim from Galewela was killed while fighting for ISIS in Syria recently. Every prediction we have made have become reality.”
Political observers say that non of the warnings made by BBS has become a reality.
BBS has accused the government of destabilizing the local intelligence service there by paving the way for international terrorist organizations such as ISIS can easily engage in carrying out their hidden agenda inside the country.
BBS has further accused the government for arresting military officers for abducting and killing journalist Prageethe Eknaligoda. he has said that “three State Intelligence Service officers were detained under a detention order and they were imprisoned for three months without any bail conditions being set. No one is bothered about their release. If the Yahapalana government and the NGO’s are contemplating the release of ex-LTTE cadres – who had been remanded for serious war crimes – why can’t the government take some initiative to release these intelligence officers?” .30 St Mary Axe Floor Plan involve some pictures that related one another. Find out the newest pictures of 30 St Mary Axe Floor Plan here, and also you can find the picture here simply. 30 St Mary Axe Floor Plan picture uploaded ang uploaded by Admin that kept inside our collection.
30 St Mary Axe Floor Plan have an image associated with the other.
30 St Mary Axe Floor Plan In addition, it will include a picture of a sort that could be observed in the gallery of 30 St Mary Axe Floor Plan. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best amongst others.
They are so many great picture list that may become your ideas and informational reason for30 St Mary Axe30 St Mary Axe Floor Plan picture. We provide image 30 St Mary Axe Floor Plan. The assortment of images 30 St Mary Axe Floor Plan that are elected straight have the ability to see directly, you can use the category navigation or it could be using a arbitrary post of 30 St Mary Axe Floor Plan.
We hope you enjoy and find one of your best assortment of pictures and get encouraged to decorate your residence.
If the link is busted or the image not found on30 St Mary Axe Floor Planyou can call us to get pictures that look for We offer image30 St Mary Axe Floor Plan :
national bar and dining room
dining room chair covers round back
dining room cabinets ikea
dining room with carpet
chair covers for dining room
best quality dining room furniture
living and dining room combo
henkel harris dining room furniture
hutch for dining room
round dining room table set
black dining room furniture
wawona dining room
8 person dining room table
best dining room tables
dining room supervisor job description
barn dining room table
dining room hutch buffet
purple dining room
formal dining room sets for 10
high quality dining room tables
candice olson dining room
casual dining room set
centerpieces for dining room table
how to set a dining room table
steve silver dining room sets
italian dining room set
jessica mcclintock dining room furniture
office dining room
dining room table bench seating
paint colors for a dining roomThe agricultural policy in the European Union (EU) involves one of the biggest financial transactions in the annual budget. This calls for a careful and precise registration of those farmers eligible to receive subsidies, plus the amount they are entitled to.
By: Massimo Pagani EMEA Executive Director Hexagon Geospatial
In order to make this registration work smoothly, a Land Parcel Identification System (LPIS) has been designed.
Each country in the European Union manages and operates their own LPIS. For the Netherlands, this is done by the Ministry of Economic Affairs, which includes the former Ministry of Agriculture.
Each year, all current 70,000 farmers in the Netherlands must log into the system to declare which parcels they have used, what they’ve grown and, if needed, modify their parcel boundaries. The declaration period is constrained to six weeks, and many farmers wait until the last weekend to submit their data. This results in peak usage in these final days. In order to properly respond to this surge, the application must be fast and reliable at all times.
The system supporting LPIS in the Netherlands was initially conceived in 2008, and involved a complex architecture of federated databases and geospatial servers. Keeping up performance and reliability is critical in such circumstances, especially at peak times, with a large part of the load coming from the underlying imagery data.
This is why the Ministry approached Imagem, the Benelux distributor for Hexagon Geospatial.
ERDAS APOLLO Imagery Service Operational in 1.5 Hours
Putting in place a powerful imagery service based on ERDAS APOLLO was something Imagem has done on many occasions. In this case, the additional challenge was to implement within an existing architecture based on Esri technology. With no room to modify front end or back end architecture, the solution needed to slide neatly into place, and it needed to be done fast. When the order came in, there was a mere four weeks until the start of the submission period.
Upon arriving onsite, the base system was made operational within 1.5 hours. The ability for ERDAS APOLLO to deploy a native Esri Geoservices protocol meant the front-end could directly take in the new service, without recoding. Furthermore, testing could begin almost immediately after installation. After implementation, the imagery appeared on screen even faster than the vectors, which proved the system could provide imagery data fast and work well within the given architecture..
Performing Under Pressure
When the system went into production and farmers began submitting, the solution proved not only to be very fast, but also very stable. Even at peak times, with over 8 million page views and 100 GB of data being requested each hour, CPU’s running APOLLO would not exceed even 25 percent of their maximum load.
Furthermore, the data was now coming from a few large ECW mosaics, instead of a large, predefined tile cache that had been in use before. This meant that on top of the gain in speed and stability, data management was significantly reduced, as well as the amount of storage space required.
In conclusion, the Ministry is very satisfied with the solution and the ease with which it was implemented. Furthermore, this successful LPIS implementation paves the way to make use of this architecture for other systems as well.
It also proves that adopting a combined ‘best of breed’ approach to your system architecture can sometimes yield a better return on investment than standardizing on a single platform.
About the Author:
Massimo Pagani is the Executive Director for Europe, Middle East and Africa for Hexagon Geospatial. He oversees the management and development of the Hexagon Geospatial (HGD) portfolio sales through the global Indirect Channel as well as developing strategic partnerships and alliances in Europe, Middle East and Africa for the growth of the Geospatial business of HGD in all the market segments.Auto Software
Auto Software - Manual 444 Wheel Loaderpart ofManual 444 Wheel Loader. Manual 444 Wheel Loader is one Auto Software with the image resolution are equal to in your personal computer.
You can view the picture in a gallery other similar with previous Auto Software, we offer other similar images in a single post, so this allows a user searching for a sought picture.« All Events This event has passed. Morning Worship 24th July, 2016 @ 9.15am - 10.30am|Recurring Event (See all)An event every month that begins at 9:15am on day Fourth of the month, repeating indefinitely Event Navigation « All Age Service Morning Worship » with Holy Communion + Google Calendar+ iCal Export Details Date: 24th July, 2016 « All Age Service Morning Worship » Share this:EmailPrintFacebookTwitterFor the second year in a row the game between Kearney and Papillion LaVista was a nail-biter. Last season, the Monarchs beat the Bearcats 26-23 in double-overtime at Foster Field but this year the Bearcats snuck by Papillion in their home stadium. Led by their defense in the second-half, Kearney improves to 6-1 on the season.
On paper it seemed like Kearney should steamroll Papillion with the Monarchs coming in with a record of 1-5 and Kearney being 5-1.
“Papio’s record does not indicate how good of a football team they are,” said Kearney head coach Brandon Cool.
To say the least, the Bearcats started out slow Friday night as they were only able to put three points on the board in the first half.
“We only had six plays in the first quarter so we never got in sync in the first half,” said Cool after the game.
Papillion scored all 14 of their points in the first half; one by a 1-yard rush by Jerome Barnes and one on a 70-yard touchdown reception by KJ Cotton.
However, the Bearcats came firing out in the second half putting together a nine-play, 84-yard drive capped off by a 10-yard touchdown pass from junior Kanon Koster to senior Noah Urbanek.
Then, with 6:15 left in the fourth quarter, Kearney scored on an 8-yard touchdown reception by senior Brock Marlatt to take a 17-14 lead. The Bearcats were able to hold on and secure their sixth victory of the year.
“Coming back on the bus and playing against a good Papillion team, I thought that was going to be a huge transition into our season. So things definitely worked out our way,” Cool said.
The Bearcats finish their Metro road trip as they take on Creighton Prep in Omaha on Friday, Oct. 14. Then Kearney returns home for Senior Night on Oct. 21, to face the Omaha Benson Bunnies.Shades of Doon
Carey Corp and Lorie Langdon
Blink YA/Zondervan
Published: September 1, 2015
Amazon | Barnes & Noble | Goodreads land and drops them back in the real world. As if facing the shock of their old, broken lives wasn’t enough, all signs indicate that this is just the beginning of a new threat. Together with the MacCrae boys, they’ll have to face an old enemy once again, one who’s determined to have the rule of Doon for herself.
Vee and Kenna are very different, but their friendship makes them each stronger. I liked the dynamics between them, where Kenna kept Vee from taking herself too seriously and Vee kept Kenna from losing faith in herself. The circle of friends and advisers added interest, too. I definitely wanted to know more about each of them. I haven’t read either of the earlier books in this series, so I may have to do that in the hopes that some of these other characters get a little more stage time.
I also really enjoyed the references to musicals and theater that were sprinkled throughout the story. Though I’m far from a theater buff, I picked up on several of them, and it felt like being in on a joke or something. I thought it was a nice touch.
While I found myself captured by the idyllic landscape of the story, I felt like it lost tension in a couple of places. One is after the girls are booted out of Doon, which is resolved in a snap once the boys arrive. The other is following an attack by an unknown enemy. The attack ends and everyone kind of dusts themselves off and moves on. I was like, wait, what?! Is the enemy still out there? What’s going on?? But… no one else really seemed too worried. So that was a little confusing.
There was also quite a bit of kissing in this story. Don’t get me wrong – I’m all for a bit of smooching, especially when I’ve been rooting for the romance to finally blossom for the entire story. This was more like, the couple has already fallen in love and it’s kind of just happily ever after on rinse and repeat. I would have liked to see more tension or conflict between the couples to keep me guessing and hoping. However, if I’d been a reader from the very beginning of the series, I might still be happy-sighing every time a well-earned lip-smack happens. So it could just be me. And the authors take things up a notch toward the end, definitely creating some anticipation for the next book.
Language Content
No profanity.
Sexual Content
Lots of scenes that include kissing. There’s one moment where it gets pretty intense and the characters stop themselves from taking things further, wanting to respect the boundaries they’ve set for their relationship which include waiting to have sex until marriage.
Spiritual Content
The Protector seems to be the name the Doonians use to refer to God. They believe that some have a calling to live out their lives in the kingdom of Doon, and that calling involves being joined with a soul mate.
Violence
A witch threatens the Doonian people. No graphic details beyond an admiring description of Duncan or Jamie’s rippling muscles.
Drug Content
None.
Note: I received a free copy of this book in exchange for my honest review.
Save
In a civil action the judge properly dismissed the plaintiff's claims against his employer based on G. L. c. 93A, where the allegations of the complaint stated only a dispute arising out of an employment relationship and not out of the conduct of any trade or commerce. [121-122]
In a civil action the judge properly dismissed the plaintiff's claim against his fellow employee for interference with contractual relations, the plaintiff's employment, where there was no allegation in the complaint that the plaintiff suffered any actual damages or loss. [122-123]
In a civil action the judge properly dismissed the plaintiff's claim against his fellow employee for intentional infliction of emotional distress where the conduct complained of occurred within the course of the parties' employment and thus the claim was barred by the provisions of the Workmen's Compensation Act. [123-125]
CIVIL ACTION commenced in the Superior Court Department on December 26, 1985.
The case was heard by Herbert Abrams, J., on a motion to dismiss.
The Supreme Judicial Court on its own initiative transferred the case from the Appeals Court.
Page 120
Frederick T. Golder for the plaintiffs.
David D. Patterson (Jonathan P. Feltner with him) for the defendants.
LIACOS, J. Robert Anzalone, a police officer employed by the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA), filed suit against the MBTA. Count 1, brought by Anzalone under G. L. c. 93A (1986 ed.), alleged that the MBTA engaged in unfair or deceptive acts in the handling of his workmen's compensation claim. Anzalone's wife and children were plaintiffs in the remaining five counts, also brought under G. L. c. 93A. These five counts state claims for loss of consortium by Anzalone's wife and children "as a result of the unfair and deceptive trade practices committed against" Anzalone. The plaintiffs later amended their complaint, adding a count against John O'Loughlin, Anzalone's supervisor, for intentionally harassing Anzalone and interfering with his employment. [Note 3] The MBTA and O'Loughlin filed a motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim on which relief could be granted. Mass. R. Civ. P. 12 (b) (6), 365 Mass. 754 (1974). The defendants' motion was allowed, and the plaintiffs appeal. We transferred this case on our own motion and affirm the dismissal of the complaint as to the MBTA and O'Loughlin.
We deal first with the plaintiffs' claims against the MBTA. The plaintiffs' complaint alleges that, in 1968, Anzalone began his employment with the MBTA as a police officer. On November 9, 1979, while acting in the line of duty, Anzalone rescued a person from a dangerous place and, in so doing, inhaled a substantial amount of smoke. As a result, Anzalone was disabled and did not return to work until November 3, 1983, when the MBTA ordered Anzalone to return to work for light duty, or be terminated.
On the day Anzalone returned to work, he suffered an anxiety attack which caused him to be disabled from November 3, 1983, to April 20, 1984. Anzalone returned to work on April 20, 1984, and on June 6, 1984, was ordered to work in a room
Page 121
with no ventilation and a temperature of 105 degrees. He again was disabled until June 8, 1984, at which time he returned to work. From June 19, 1984, until June 26, 1984, Anzalone was hospitalized for a cardiac catheterization. Thereafter, he returned to work until December 12, 1984, at which time he sustained a personal injury "which caused him to become totally disabled."
Anzalone filed for workmen's compensation payments pursuant to G. L. c. 152 (1986 ed.) (Workmen's Compensation Act), which the MBTA refused to pay. During the course of compensation proceedings before the Industrial Accident Board, the MBTA sent Anzalone to a number of physicians for examinations and evaluations. The MBTA has refused to supply Anzalone with copies of the medical reports. [Note 4]
A. Claim against employer. Anzalone contends that he has alleged sufficient facts to state a claim under G. L. c. 93A and that the judge erroneously dismissed the complaint. In reviewing the dismissal of a complaint pursuant to Mass. R. Civ. P. 12 (b) (6), we take the facts alleged in the complaint to be true, and consider whether those allegations reveal that there is no set of facts which, if proven, would entitle the complainant to relief. Santana v. Registrars of Voters of Worcester, 384 Mass. 487 , 491 (1981). Nader v. Citron, 372 Mass. 96 , 98 (1977).
In Manning v. Zuckerman, 388 Mass. 8 (1983), we held that the Legislature did not intend to grant the protection of c. 93A to a former employee against his former employer in a dispute arising out of the employment relationship. Id. at 12. Anzalone asserts that Manning is inapposite because it was decided pursuant to G. L. c. 93A, Section 11, and Anzalone's action is brought under G. L. c. 93A, Section 9. In Manning we discussed the operative portion of G. L. c. 93A, Section 2 (a), which makes unlawful "[u]nfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive
Page 122
acts or practices in the conduct of any trade or commerce . . . ." [Note 5] We stated that "we believe that the Legislature did not intend [c. 93A] to cover employment contract disputes between employers and the employees who work in the employer's organization, nor . . . disputes between members of that organization arising out of the employment relationship." Id. Nothing stated in the complaint makes this case anything other than a dispute arising out of an employment relationship.
Anzalone argues, however, that this is not an employment dispute, but rather a dispute between him and an insurer. According to Anzalone, at the time the MBTA, a self-insurer under G. L. c. 152, committed the alleged unlawful trade practices, it was acting as an insurance company, not as Anzalone's employer, and thus violated G. L. c. 176D (1986 ed.). [Note 6] Even if we assume the truth of Anzalone's allegations, G. L. c. 176D does not apply to the MBTA. General Laws c. 176D, Section 1 (a), states that it applies to any self-insurer "which is engaged in the business of insurance." A self-insuring employer under the workmen's compensation law does not become an insurance company. See Bertrand v. Quincy Mkt. Cold Storage & Warehouse Co., 728 F.2d 568, 571 (1st Cir. 1984). The judge correctly dismissed Anzalone's count against the MBTA and the loss of consortium claims, all of which are based on alleged violations of G. L. c. 93A.
B. Claim against co-employee. In his count against O'Loughlin, Anzalone alleged that, when he returned to work, O'Loughlin ordered him to be in full uniform but not to carry a gun. The plaintiff alleged that O'Loughlin criticized Anzalone's performance, ordered him to wash an automobile, in violation of the terms of light duty work, ordered Anzalone to
Page 123
perform dirty and menial jobs, and, when he had appointments with his physicians, required Anzalone to bring a note stating the time he arrived at his appointment, the time he left, and what was done. Anzalone further alleged that O'Loughlin, in order to exacerbate Anzalone's physical condition, sent people smoking cigarettes into the office in which Anzalone was working, had people paint outside Anzalone's office, and placed Anzalone in a room with no ventilation and temperatures in excess of 100 degrees. At the end of his complaint, Anzalone concludes that O'Loughlin "intentionally and maliciously interfered with . . . Anzalone's employment with the M.B.T.A."
The defendants contend that the judge properly dismissed the complaint against O'Loughlin because the complaint failed to set forth a claim of interference with contractual relations. The elements of the tort of interference with contractual relations were set out in Walker v. Cronin, 107 Mass. 555 , 562 (1871): "."
Anzalone's complaint does not allege that he was terminated, or that he separated from, or resigned from the MBTA. There is not allegation of any "loss of advantages, either of property or of personal benefit, which, but for [O'Loughlin's] interference, the plaintiff would have been able to attain or enjoy." Walker v. Cronin, supra at 565. Because Anzalone's complaint failed to allege any actual damages or loss, the judge properly dismissed the claim against O'Loughlin.
Anzalone argues, however, that his complaint alleges an intentional tort by O'Loughlin and that it was error for the judge to dismiss his claim against O'Loughlin because intentional torts are not subject to the exclusivity bar in the workmen's compensation law. This is so, he says, because O'Loughlin's conduct did not arise out of, and in the course of, O'Loughlin's employment. Assuming, under this argument, that the essence of Anzalone's claim is the intentional infliction of emotional distress, we consider, on the facts
Page 124
alleged, whether an employee can bring such a common law claim against his employer.
General Laws c. 152, Section 15, provides in part: "Nothing in this section, or in section eighteen or twenty-four shall be construed to bar an action at law for damages for personal injuries . . . by an employee against any person other than the insured person employing such employee . . . and said insured person's employees" (emphasis added). In previous cases, we have concluded that the Workmen's Compensation Act bars an employee injured in the course of his or her employment by the negligence of a fellow employee from recovering from that fellow employee if the fellow employee also was acting in the course of employment. Mendes v. Tin Kee Ng, 400 Mass. 131 (1987). See Saharceski v. Marcure, 373 Mass. 304 , 306 (1977). We also have held that an employee is not barred from bringing an action against a fellow employee who commits an intentional tort which "was in no way within the scope of employment furthering the interests of the employer." O'Connell v. Chasdi, 400 Mass. 686 , 690 (1987). However, a suit for an intentional tort in the course of the employment relationship is barred by the exclusivity provision of the Workmen's Compensation Act, unless the employee has reserved a right of action pursuant to G. L. c. 152, Section 24. [Note 7] Anzalone does not assert that he reserved his right under Section 24. Foley v. Polaroid Corp., 381 Mass. 545 , 550 (1980) (claim for intentional infliction of emotional distress covered by c. 152; tort claim barred). The question, then, is whether O'Loughlin's alleged actions occurred during the employment relationship; specifically, whether O'Loughlin's conduct was "within the
Page 125
scope of employment furthering the interests of the [MBTA]." O'Connell v. Chasdi, supra.
O'Loughlin's complained-of conduct related wholly to his position as Anzalone's supervisor and to the manner in which O'Loughlin exercised his supervisory duties. The conduct complained of arose in the course of employment by the MBTA of Anzalone and O'Loughlin. Thus, these claims are covered exclusively by c. 152. See Albanese's Case, 378 Mass. 14 (1979) (claim for emotional distress covered by G. L. c. 152); Fitzgibbons's Case, 374 Mass. 633 (1978) (same). The judge correctly dismissed Anzalone's count against O'Loughlin. [Note 8]
Judgment affirmed. [Note 9]
FOOTNOTES
[Note 1] Diane Anzalone (wife), Robert L. Anzalone (son), Sandra J. Anzalone (daughter), Dawn M. Anzalone (daughter), and Michael J. Odierno (stepson).
[Note 2] John O'Loughlin, a lieutenant with the police force of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority.
[Note 3] The complaint was amended a third time in a manner not pertinent to this appeal.
[Note 4] The status of the compensation claim before the Industrial Accident Board is not before us. We note, however, that Anzalone's right to obtain copies of medical reports is adequately provided for by G. L. c. 152. See, e.g., G. L. c. 152, Sections 20, 20A, and 30A.
[Note 5] "Trade" and "commerce" are defined in G. L. c. 93A, Section 1 (b), as: "."
[Note 6] A violation of G. L. c. 176D, Section 3 (9), is deemed, by virtue of G. L. c. 93A, Section 9 (1), to give rise to a c. 93A claim.
[Note 7] Prior to the 1985 amendment, G. L. c. 152, Section 24, provided in, or, if the contract of hire was made before the employer became an insured person or self-insurer, if the employee shall not have given the said notice within thirty days of the time said employer became an insured person or a self-insurer." The subsequent amendments to this statute do not affect this case.
[Note 8] We note that redress for Anzalone's claims against O'Loughlin is provided for in the Workmen's Compensation Act. Section 28 of G. L. c. 152 provides for double damages in cases of "serious and wilful misconduct" by an employer, a fellow employee, or a supervisor.
[Note 9] The complaint against O'Loughlin asserts no consortium claim as against him. Thus, we do not reach the issue of exclusivity in this regard. Additionally, although the plaintiff states that the motion to dismiss was "too late," he makes no argument on this point. Thus, we consider the claim waived. Mass. R. A. P. 16, as amended through 386 Mass. 1247 (1982).In case you need some another ideas about the house plans for cold climates. We collect some best of portrait for your need, choose one or more of these fabulous imageries. Hopefully useful. Perhaps the following data that we have add as well you need. Best diy bathroom remodel ideas costs top home improvement, Radiant heat installed under new floor existing which makes taking shower getting dressed cold weather little more bearable pros adds value home enjoy warmth all winter right lighting essential.
You can click the picture to see the large or full size image. If you think this collection is useful to you, or maybe your friends you must click like/share button, so other people can get these collection too. Right here, you can see one of our house plans for cold climates collection, there are many picture that you can found, we think you must click them too.
Below are 7 top images from 14 best pictures collection of house plans for cold climates photo in high resolution. Click the image for larger image size and more details.
1. Heated House Design Passive Solar Pinterest Cob Houses
2. House Plans Design Modern Cold Climates
3. Interior Thermal Mass Make Home Ideal Cold Mountain Climates
4. Construction Plans Cold Climate Housing Research Center
5. Which Provided Basic Technical Information Natural Home
6. Growers Colder Climates Often Utilize Various Approaches Extend
7. House Plans Design Modern Cold ClimatesThe Best Places to Get Deals As the Holidays Approach
There are few times throughout the year when it’s good to be a shopper, with holidays like Labor Day and Thanksgiving being prime times for discounts. Thanksgiving has come and gone, and if you missed Black Friday, you still have a chance to save big, whether you’re buying for a loved one or yourself. Be sure to check these sources for some big savings on everything from clothes to technology.
Online Retailers
Who doesn’t do a little consulting online before busting out their wallet? Indeed, the Internet is great for nearly every step of the shopping process, from making product comparisons to finding reviews to actually making purchases. And if you’re on the lookout for a good deal, chances are that you’ll find it most easily online. Amazon, of course, should be your first stopping point. While the company almost always has reasonable prices on its products, it’s running a special holiday sale through the end of the year.
The Big Box Stores
Say what you will about online shopping, there’s at least one downside to making all your purchases through the web: you have to place a lot of trust in the product description and other reviewers’ thoughts. While visiting big box stores may not be as convenient as opening up your laptop and clicking a button, you can at least see the product in person and get a feel for its size and quality. You might not find the same degree of deals that you would online, but you never know – there might just be a bargain you wouldn’t find elsewhere.
Ticket Discounters
These days, more and more are asking Santa for gifts that can’t come neatly wrapped and placed under the tree. Rather than hope for a material thing that will be out of fashion (or inoperable) within a few years, these folks are choosing to spend their time on experiences that are more in-the-moment. That’s why it’s worth checking with your local venues for any holiday discounts on tickets to upcoming entertainment. You could also take a look at Groupon, the online couponing service, to see if there’s anything that would strike your loved ones’ fancies.
Buying Gently Used
Sure, there’s nothing like that “new car smell,” but there’s also nothing wrong with saving a little money by buying gently used. You can find a cheaper version of every kind of product out there, from furniture to devices. While there may be a stigma against gifting something that’s been used, oftentimes, you can’t even tell the difference between something you bought new from Walmart and something you got secondhand off Craigslist. In fact, sometimes the only way the product’s been used is that it was taken out of its box!
Everyone’s always looking for a deal, and while the last minute before the holidays isn’t the most optimal time, there are still some good bargains out there. Remember that you aren’t always going to find one right away. Sometimes, it takes a little work! That said, when you finally find that amazing discount, it’ll all have been worth it.On Wed, Nov 13, 2013 at 07:47:03AM +0100, Christian Couder wrote: > My preference is: > > 1) with an "s" > 2) "start" > 3) underscore > > so that gives: starts_with() and ends_with()
Advertising
FWIW, that looks good to me, too. Whether there is confusion over the meaning of "suffix" or not, it makes sense, all other things being equal, to use the same terms as other popular languages. Like you, I prefer "with an s", but we are deep in bikeshedding territory now. I can live with anything. :) -Peff -- To unsubscribe from this list: send the line "unsubscribe git" in the body of a message to majord...@vger.kernel.org More majordomo info atChristine and The Queens’ awesome track Tilted, is this week’s Tune of The Week
I remember the first time I heard this song, I absolutely loved how understated everything was. A simple drum and synth bass line drove the song and Christine’s vocals sound like how someone signs in their bedroom. Honest and letting everything out without screaming their head off.
I listen to a lot of French music and French music radio always provides the soundtrack to my Saturday mornings. One of my faves from a few years ago, Christophe Willem never reached the heights he did in France, when venturing outside his native land. This isn’t the case with Christine and The Queens. Now, the album ‘Chaleur Humaine’ is a slow burner, having been originally released and reviewed by Pitchfork in 2015.
At the time of writing, her album, ‘Chaleur Humaine’, is Number 1 in Ireland and Number 3 in the UK. This was obviously helped be her appearances at Longitude in Marlay Park, Dublin and Glastonbury amongst others in the UK.
So far, I’ve managed to miss her festival appearances, instead have to be satisfied with online TV catchups.
This is where I’m thinking ahead, to next summer. Myself and Tahlula want to go to Primavera. I was made too jealous looking at Facebook posts and videos of everyone having an awesome time. Plus we’ve been chatting about going to Barcelona for absolute ages. Take a week off and we can do both!
This year the festival was headlined by Radiohead, LCD Soundsystem and Sigur Ros. Next year, I can see Christine and The Queens edging their way towards the top of the bill on the main stage.
Tilted has a beautiful vibe for lazy summer days. Tune in, turn on, and I dare you not to try dancing like Christine.At The Movies (Oct. 6) — ‘Blade Runner 2049,’ ‘The Mountain Between Us’ by James K | Oct 8, 2017 | Film | We check out this week’s new movies at IMDb: Blade Runner 2049 (2017) 163 min – Sci-Fi |Thriller 81 Metascore Watch Trailer Add to Watchlist Get Tickets My Little Pony: The Movie (2017) 99 min – Animation | Adventure | Comedy | Family | Fantasy |Musical 41 Metascore Watch Trailer Add to Watchlist Get Tickets The Mountain Between Us (2017) 103 min – Action | Adventure | Drama | Romance |Thriller 47 Metascore Watch Trailer Add to Watchlist Get Tickets The Florida Project (2017) – [Limited] 115 min – Drama 93 Metascore Watch Trailer Add to Watchlist Una (2016) – [NYC] 94 min – Drama 62 Metascore A woman confronts an older man, her former neighbour, to find out why he abandoned her after they had a sexual relationship when she was thirteen. Director: Benedict Andrews Stars: Ruby Stokes, Rooney Mara, David Shields, Ben Mendelsohn Watch Trailer Add to Watchlist Dina (2017) – [10/4 — Limited] 103 min – Documentary 77 Metascore An eccentric suburban woman and a Walmart door greeter navigate their evolving relationship in this unconventional love story. Directors: Antonio Santini | Dan Sickles Stars: Dina Buno, Scott Levin Watch Trailer Add to Watchlist Walking Out (2017) – [10/4 — Limited] 95 min – Adventure | Drama | Mystery |Thriller 81 Metascore Watch Trailer Add to Watchlist Earth: One Amazing Day (2017) – [Limited] 95 min – Documentary |Family. Directors: Richard Dale | Lixin Fan | Peter Webber Stars: Robert Redford, Jackie Chan Watch Trailer Add to Watchlist> On Aug. 19, 2014, 11:47 a.m., Maxim Khutornenko wrote: > > src/main/python/apache/aurora/client/cli/jobs.py, lines 119-121 > > <> > > > > General question: what happens to a message returned by the response in > > case of error? Is it shown anywhere?
Advertising
Yes. It's shown by the call to context.log_response on the previous line. > On Aug. 19, 2014, 11:47 a.m., Maxim Khutornenko wrote: > > src/main/python/apache/aurora/client/cli/jobs.py, line 493 > > <> > > > > What log is it suggesting to look at? Scheduler log or a client one > > (i.e. loglens)? Client, of course. The client never refers to the scheduler log. Depending on the client's logging settings, the log messages could be shown on stdout, stderr, or just in loglens. > On Aug. 19, 2014, 11:47 a.m., Maxim Khutornenko wrote: > > src/test/python/apache/aurora/client/cli/test_create.py, lines 233-234 > > <> > > > > This is the existing test, right? Diff shows it in green for some > > reason... No, this is a new test. It's almost identical to an existing test, except that instead of checking API calls, it's checking output. - Mark ----------------------------------------------------------- This is an automatically generated e-mail. To reply, visit: ----------------------------------------------------------- On Aug. 19, 2014, 11:22 a.m., Mark Chu-Carroll wrote: > > ----------------------------------------------------------- > This is an automatically generated e-mail. To reply, visit: > > ----------------------------------------------------------- > > (Updated Aug. 19, 2014, 11:22 > >American Flags around Massena.
Made in the USA!
How did the American flag become exactly what it is today?
Folding up the American flag.
The U.S. flag is a strong icon of American identification as well as nationwide pride. Additionally called Old Glory, the United States flag has a vibrant background and also has undertaken many adjustments from the initial main flag of 1777.
Today the flag is composed of thirteen straight stripes, seven red alternating with 6 white stripes. The colors of the flag are symbolic as well: red represents hardiness as well as valiance, white symbolizes purity as well as virtue and also blue stands for vigilance, willpower and justice.
Gradually, some have actually attributed slightly various meanings to the three shades, as an example, the shade red representing the bloodshed spilled to maintain our freedoms, but the essence of the initial significance has actually been fairly consistent from 1782.
How did the American flag grow into exactly what it is today?
It is a lot more than the 3 colors or a “decor”. Think about the places around the world that the American flag has flown, think of the change it has actually undergone throughout the years on American land. It is absolutely humbling to think of all that was provided and also given up to make sure that the American flag could fly easily throughout this country.
The flag that started with only 13 stars grew to 50 with the addition of other states to the Union. The variety of stars on the flag slowly rose to its existing number today in which a brand as well as it would make the flag unwieldy. It was agreed then that the flag would certainly return to having just thirteen stripes to stand for the original colonies.
The American flag is a sign not only of hardiness, valor, purity, innocence, vigilance, perseverance and justice; it is an icon of freedom. Liberty that has been dealt with so hard for over the decades. Freedom that has cost this country and the families within a lot, but it is still a beacon to those wishing they had the freedom that the country has.
Folding the American flag.
Conventional flag etiquette suggests that before an American flag is kept or presented, its handlers must two times fold it in half lengthwise; after that (from the end opposite heaven field) make a triangular fold, continuing to fold it in triangles til the other end is reached. This makes a triangular “pillow” of the flag with just the blue starred field showing on the outside, and it takes thirteen folds to generate: two lengthwise folds as well as eleven triangular ones.
The flag isn’t folded in this fashion because each of the folds has a special symbolic significance; the flag is folded this way because it offers a dignified ceremonial touch that distinguishes folding a flag from folding an average object such as a bedsheet, as well as because it results an aesthetically pleasing, easy-to-handle shape. This thirteen-fold procedure was an usual method long prior to the development of a ceremonial assignation of “suggesting” to each of the steps.
A sophisticated flag folding ceremony including these definitions has actually since been devised for special celebrations such as Memorial Day and also Veterans Day. These meanings are “real” in the feeling that they indicate something to the people who take part in the event, however they are not the reason a flag is folded up in the conventional thirteen-step way.
This is America and also its sign is the American Flag. Even though numerous Americans in the state of Iowa happily fly the flag outside their houses as well as organisations every day, it is fitting that we, as a nation, have established apart one specific day each year to recognize our flag as well as to bear in mind that it represents the perfects and values that we must make every effort to promote.
Massena ZIP codes we serve: 50853AIG announces 20 new jobs for Dublin
Investment in Ireland is part of AIG’s treasury transformation initiative
Global insurer AIG is expected to announce 20 new jobs for Ireland today. Photo: Bloomberg
Global insurer AIG has announced 20 new jobs for Ireland today to be based at a new EMEA Treasury Operations Centre in Dublin.
The company’s global chief executive Peter Hancock travelled to Dublin to announce the investment to AIG’s staff here.
The investment is being supported by the Department of Jobs through IDA Ireland. International financial services is a sector that has been prioritised by the Government for employment growth and a new national strategy for the IFSC is being prepared under the guidance of Minister of State Simon Harris.
AIG has operated in Ireland for about 40 years and employs around 400 staff across a range of activities based out of the IFSC. It also has a lucrative sponsorship deal with the Dublin GAA county board.
The operations centre will form part of the already-established Dublin Investment Centre that provides administration services to AIG globally.
Phase one of the new investment is already underway with a number of services being provided from Dublin in the past month.
This is part of AIG’s so-called treasury transformation initiative, which aims to establish an integrated global treasury organisation that safeguards its liquidity, transaction execution and banking relationships in a cost effective way.
The EMEA Treasury Operations Centre in Dublin will be one of a handful of such hubs operated by AIG around the globe. Others are located in Texas in the US, Bogota in Colombia, and Bengaluru in India.
AIG, the marketing name for American International Group, operates in more than 130 countries. It serves commercial, institutional, and individual customers through an extensive worldwide property-casualty network.
The company is listed on the New York and Tokyo stock exchanges.Zare zare main uska noor hain
Zaankh khood main von na tujhse door hain
Iskh hain usise to sabse iskh kar
Is ibadat ka yahi dastoor hain
(Every particle of dust has His presence
Look within He is not far away
If you love Him, love all
This is the only norm of the worship)
These opening lines in the film Delhi-6,
directed by Rakeysh Mehra, emanates the idea that the path of spiritual
bliss and peace can only be attained through loving God’s each and
every creation. Spiritual love is a key link that can unite the adherents of different faiths into a common thread of humanity. The universal truth of all religion, it says, is love for humanity. In essence, this is the central idea that the film conveys.
Delhi-6 spins an entirely unique, fresh and original idea to tell us how a ‘small’ issue can get blown out of proportion leading to serious implications in the society. It constructs a moral parable deploying one of the most inventive story-telling devices that Hindi cinema has ever seen to express its thematic concerns. As a mode of address it utilises the metaphor of Kala Bandar (Black Monkey) to examine our own human conditions and roots of conflict in contemporary society. It holds the mirror and tells us to look inward and confront our own demons (as symbolised by Kala Bandar). It is within us that good and evil vie with each other for supremacy and when human beings succumb to its appeal the evil side completely dominates us. In its triumph lay the failure of humanity to rise above greed, anger and hatred that has poisoned our soul. The attainment of the highest social ideal, which is the love for humanity, therefore necessitates an absolute triumph over our dark and evil impulses. The film tells us that the power to create a society of perfect human beings in a state of perfect balance lies within us.
The film is inspired out
of a real life incident that took place a few years ago in Delhi when the
city was plagued by the monkey menace. With the incident serving as the
backdrop of the story the director weaves together multiple sub-plots
into a single structure of narrative to showcase a wide range of human
emotions of love, suffering, anguish and defiance. The film is a
journey (both in an emotional and spatial sense) of a Non Resident Indian,
(NRI) Roshan (Abhishek Bhachchan) the main protagonist, who visits India along with his grandmother Annapurna (Waheeda Rehman) to fulfill her last wish. She wants to reconnect with her roots before she takes her last breath. ‘Jahan Ki Mitti wahin mil jaye to accha hain’,
she tells her grandson. It’s also her cherished desire to bring her
family back home that immigrated long time back to US. And it gets
partially fulfilled, ‘the ‘native’ (since the roots of Roshan is Indian) ‘returns back’. In Delhi-6, also known as Old Delhi, where Roshan’s ancestral house lies, the traditional character of the city comes out alive as the story unfolds. Mehraweaves
such an authentic visual tapestry in all its infinite richness and
diversities that it gives the film a realistic look. The city
landscapes as defined by old historic monuments, open terrace houses,
crowded narrow by-lanes, congested roads, vagabonds and stray animals
all co-exist amidst the maddening chaos in this city-within-a-city.
It’s truly the melting pot of diverse communities that characterises
Chandni Chowk mélange. The film not only highlights the historic beauty
of Chandni Chowk but it also, for a moment, fleetingly captures the
homeless who are forced to spend their nights sleeping on the
pavements. The appalling poverty coexisting with the island of
prosperity is one of the real paradoxes of our society that
baffle many. The dysfunctional democracy has many fault lines and there
are visible signs of the caste oppression, gender division and communal
prejudices all over but despite every thing the people are tied
together in a unique matrix of social relations that makes them interdependent on each other. Interestingly, Roshan’s visits coincide with the appearance of ‘mysterious’ monkey, Kala Bandar (KB)
that is creating havoc in the area. The whole idea amuses him as much
as it disturbs him. The more he sees the more he becomes critically
aware of the ills that plague society and the harsh realities that lie
behind the appearances of the harmonious social whole.
On their arrival at the Delhi airport Ali Baig (Rishi Kapoor) an old acquaintance of the family welcomes them. As they enter the bustling streets Roshan is captivated by the sheer magnitude of the size of the crowd milling around, jostling for space. ‘Awesome’, is all he could say. If it is Mamdu (Deepak Dobriyal), the Muslim sweet-seller who offers him sweets as they enter Chandni Chowk it is the turn of local women who welcome them in a truly traditional style on their homecoming. The whole area seems to be electrified with the news of the Dadi and Roshan visit. Gobar (Atul Kulkarni) is ever ready to give his helping hand to Roshan and Dadismilingly. He acts as buffoon to make people laugh. Even though he displays rank casteist attitude towards ‘low’ caste, his social conservatism doesn’t come in conflict with his friendship with Mamduwho is a Muslim. Both Mamdu and Gobarstrike an instant chord with Roshan with their moral integrity and innocence. Interestingly Mamdu is shown to be a worshipper of Hindu God Hanuman and working also as a volunteer in Ramlilas. The construction of such a typical Muslim is a way Hindi cinema idealises a ‘good’ Muslim to be. As a representative of the unique Indian secularism he has to be an epitome of forbearance and tolerance and accommodative of Hindu cultural traditions and norms. It’s only towards the end that the stereotypical construction of a good Muslim gets disrupted and redefined. The film takes the audience to Chandni Chowk through Roshan’s eyes and maps out its unique social, cultural, history, and politics in all its myriad forms. Roshan is drawn to the diverse characters that live in the area. He comes across as a deeply sensitive soul who has an insatiable curiosity to learn about the people and their culture. The people live in their own moral universe with the remnants of feudalism which are still clinging to their social consciousness in a vice-like grip. The wind of modernity seems to have by-passed the area. The joint-family system still persists. Roshan's closest neighbours in the area are like the big extended family of two brothers Madangopal (Om Puri) and Jaigopal (Pawan Malhotra) who can’t see eye to eye with each other. A wall in the middle of their house marks the physical separation between the two families but the daily interaction between their wives and their sons goes on as usual. The representation of women in the film is in contrast with most of the mainstream films. Here they occupy a prominent place playing out diverse characters. The division of labour is starkly clear; while the women's place is fixed at the kitchen, the men play out their social role outside the home. They are the sole breadwinners. One of the most endearing characters in the film is Jalebi (Divya Dutta), the smart, gutsy dalit woman, who is a sweeper by profession and collects the garbage from homes. Since an outcaste is outside the pale of society it gives in a certain sense a licence to men to take liberty with her as they please but she is unafraid to deal with them. She freely uses coarse language and other invectives to deter their advances. She is also taken to be sexually more permissive and open due to her low caste status. But the irony is that as much as she is desired she is also repulsed as far as the social customs in dealing with low caste women goes. Bittu (Sonam Kapoor), the beautiful daughter of Madangopal, on the other hand is an expert in deftly negotiating through the various obstacles set by patriarchy to curtail women’s freedom. She has learnt the fine art of manoeuverability by which she can be both traditional and modern at the same time in her appearances. If Shashi (Geeta Bisht), the unmarried self-effacing aunty of Bittu, has spent her life meekly following the rules set by patriarchy, Bittu is just not content with living according to its dictates. She seeks to create her own identity even if it means clashing with the traditional mores. Growing up in a restrictive social milieu Bittu knows very well that there are few choices available to her and to pursue her big dreams there is no other option but to break free from the chains that tie her to the social customs and norms. As a personification of cosmopolitan and progressive values Roshan is quite fascinated with the woman who often crosses swords with the traditional values system and remains unrepentant. For Roshan, Bittu represents a modern woman who wants to live a life in her own terms and not as someone’s appendage. Eventually, he falls for her but does not make it obvious to her. He is willing to confront the patriarchal authority for her sake and earn their ire but still could not muster enough courage to tell her about his feelings. Bittu also has a soft corner for Roshan but waits for him to express his truest feelings towards her first. Does the fear of breaking the traditional social-codes weigh on the minds of the characters so much that they have to hide their feelings till the last? The declaration of love by Roshan has to wait till the climax when Bittu decides to run away with Suresh (Cyrus Sahukar), the photographer, to Mumbai to pursue her dream of becoming an Indian Idol.
In the first half of the film the economy and rhythm loses a
certain sense of balance with the succession of songs strung together
combined with the long drawn spectacle of Ramlila utilised
to create an emotion of identification with the characters and to
establish them in their social-cultural context in the minds of the
audiences. After the spectacular beginning the change of pace makes it
a little tedious and takes it away from the main plot line. The film does
succeed in transferring the menace of KB into the minds of
audiences but does not maintain its tempo as far as the first half is
concerned. The search for the elusive KB reaches a decisive stage in the second half. The electronic media hungry for news finds ample ways to keep the myth of KB alive with the stories about it travelling far and wide taking on a fantastic form. Soon KB
is turned into a commodity by the market to sell their wide range of
products named after it. The role of the police also comes into
question during the whole affair. Due to its utter failure in
preventing the ‘attacks’ it has already lost its legitimacy and the
confidence among the people. They display neither the will nor the inclination to tackle the KB menace and in fact contribute in its myth-making exercise. Ranvijay (Vijay Raj), the area inspector, is a typical caricature of what the repressive face of the Police is all about. He is nothing less than a goonda in Khaki uniform targeting innocents and the upright people according to his whims and fancies. As the KB ‘attacks’
remain unabated the people of the area turn towards a Hindu Baba to
find solution to the problem. With his entry the atmosphere gets
vitiated in such a manner that people starts looking at the Kala Bandar’s
menace through the prism of religion. It’s a shot in the arm for the
religious fundamentalists of both the communities. The film is also
about how communal stereotypes about the Other get
manufactured and enter into the pores of our social fabric in all its
subtleties to become part of the everyday discourse. The Baba
aggravates it further by exhorting its followers to demolish the old
mosque in the area as a solution to ward-off the problem posed by KB.
This leads to further tensions in the area as it antagonises the
Muslims. The turn of events in the film parallels the BJP/RSS
agitation for the construction of Ram Mandir at Ayodhya that led to the
demolishment of Babri Masjid. In that the film rightfully delineates
how communal tensions erupt with the arrival of Hindutva
forces in the scene. The ease with which Baba and their cohorts are able to
utilize the religious contradiction among the people in pursuance of
their vested interest is quite glaring. It points out to the fact that
divisive forces can easily fill the political vacuum in the absence of
a real political alternative and divert the attention from the real
pressing problems to arouse the gullible Hindu masses. Roshan
soon comes to a realisation that his identity of being born to a Muslim
mother and Hindu father has become bigger than himself. The society he
felt so proud of is being increasingly divided on the basis of
religion. The geographic boundaries that divide both the
communities turn into a mental barrier etching out a complete
separation between the two thereby foreclosing any possibility of
mutual dialogue and exchange. The society slowly slides down into
regression. The cracks in the surface appear. Roshan, who has
already implicated himself in the affairs of the people, cannot just
remain a silent spectator to what’s happening all around him. The threat from those who want to alter its very character is real. Roshan
makes a desperate last-ditch attempt to stop the society from tearing
itself apart even if it means embracing death and it is through the
churning process that Roshan finally rediscovers himself and finds his true calling.
It goes to the credit of Rakeysh Mehra that he does not taken the
oft-beaten path (and the most convenient recourse) taken by Hindi
cinema that seeks to valorise the ‘unique’ and eternally ‘tolerant’
Hindu value system in the narrative of communities. Even if it
celebrates the strong kinships and loyalty that surrounds such
communities governed by primordial feelings, it doesn’t do so
uncritically. The film interrogates the oppression of patriarchy, caste
and exposes the fragility of the communitarian ties. In that, it at
least attempts to engage with the issues that the mainstream Hindi
cinema has relegated to the margins. Even the enactment of Ramlila
apart from resonating with rich symbolism serves as a device to explore
the caste and gender issues and raise some uncomfortable questions
along with it. But the most interesting aspect of the film is that it
takes the resources from the reformist and progressive content of
religion i.e.Bhakti-Sufi tradition as an antidote for the disease of
religious fanaticism in all its guises. This inscription comes close to the Gandhian notion of secularism. For Delhi-6 the civil society, constituting people of diverse faith, itself becomes a site
where the ideas about pluralistic cultural ethos are shaped and
disseminated and the misappropriation of religion by a handful of
others are countered. This articulation becomes both the strength and weakness
of the film. The film though exposes the apathy of the state and its
failure to protect the secular identity and values as obligated under
constitution but unlike his earlier film, Rang De Basanti, Rakeysh Mehra in Delhi-6 chooses not to deploy the rhetoric of secular nationalism as against the exclusionary notion of nationalism of Hindu Right. It’s because the film draws an implicit faith in the ‘pluralistic’ strain in religion that can bring together all the communities for resolving their differences in an overarching cultural framework.
While there is always a possibility for a inter-cultural dialogue and
exchange among the communities who can utilise their own resources to
maintain peace in the society but it could also act as a seriously
limiting exercise if it is used as a sole homogenising principle to unite the people. The space cannot always be left open for the ‘communities to work out their problems in their own ways’
they could be strongly resistant to internal reforms and change
betraying anti-democratic impulses, as the film clearly shows. Rustom Bharucha, in his The Politics of Cultural Practice,
points out the dangers of valorising the innate strength of the
indigenous people in their overall commitment towards preserving peace
and harmony in society. He argues, ‘…one cannot fall back on the narrative of community to compensate for the failure of the state’. A problem like communalism doesn’t exist in a vacuum it has its own history and has a definite political purpose. It has to be confronted both at the cultural and political level. The film ultimately limits itself in its task since it views the problems like communal flare up in the society from the prism of a deeply individuated experience and reduces it to a psychological level i.e. when the demon of communalism resurrects in one’s mind society goes up in flames. The battle, therefore, has to be fought at ideational level only.
This one-sided emphasis on the individual consciousness underplays the
fact of how the plant of communalism, historically, has been nurtured,
shaped and protected by the political and civic institutions, in
particularly, the state. The fight for secular ideals will remain
severely limited in its task if it fails to take into account the
unfinished task of the democratic transformation of the Indian state.
Earlier, the open pronouncement by Bittu, about her said intentions to go to Mumbai, causes a minor upheaval in her family. It is simply unthinkable to them that women can pursue an independent career. Ultimately, the authority of patriarchy asserts itself to check Bittu’s growing belligerence. And it is decided to get Bittu married off. This is the only ‘punishment’ for Bittu for her attempted transgression. In traditional society marrying off his daughter is understood to be the biggest responsibility of the father. The film also deal with the vulnerability of a father, who otherwise wields so much authority at home, that comes into play when he has to organise dowry for his daughter. If it’s a distressing time for the family it’s literally a windfall for those who profit by it. In the film the unscrupulous moneylender, Lalaji (Prem Chopra) also fishes in the trouble waters to extract his pound of flesh. The film shows the persistence of pre-capitalist relations that still continue to shape and decide the content and direction of our socio-economic life. But nobody can choose Bittu’s fate other than her. The only way out left for her is to make an escape from patriarchy’s stranglehold.
While confronting the frenzied mob, towards the end, Roshan exhorts them to look inwards and find the god within. He points out the true essence of religion, which is the love for humanity after he is abused and pushed away from the temple due to his dual identity. This perhaps surmises the thematic concerns of the film. Roshanemerges as conscience keeper in a society that has become communalized to the core. He espouses a liberal humanistic religion rooted in Bhakti-Sufi tradition to resists the fundamentalist creed on both sides but fails to impact the prejudiced minds. Hindu Right succeeds in their systematic demonisation of Muslims. The echo of ‘Kala Bandar is a Muslim terrorist’ in the film turns into a war cry to eliminate them. The stage is set for the final confrontation. In this way the film exposes the irrationality of the whole project of communalism. The incident in which Roshan is humiliated and pushed aside becomes a turning point in the film. He pledges to stay back much to the amusement of Ali Baig, who has now become his friend and guide. On being asked the reason why, ‘India works, the people works’, he says resolutely. But for the audience to identify with the character’s transformation there has to be a compelling motivation without which it will appear to them unconvincing and uninspiring. What are the reasons for his renewed conviction that has made him exude such a deep faith about the people and their future? The horrors of casteism, patriarchy and religious fundamentalism make him cringe yet he is brimming with undying optimism about the same people who practice it. It isgoing to work, since people are good. Why, because they are ‘our own people’. Isn’t it a bit of a romantic idea driven plainly by over sentimentalism? If it is Bittu factor that weighs in his mind than their chemistry in the narrative sub-plot has not been developed to the point of arriving at some logical conclusion about the reasons why he wants to stay back in India. India works despite everything seems to be the idea. Period!
In Chandni Chowk things reach to such a state that a communal riot breaks out. Neighbours attack neighbours. Muslim shops are looted and vandalised including that of Mamdu. The bond of trust and faith that existed over the years finally gets broken. Now it’s the time for fight back. The Muslim anger translates into burning down the tree that is worshipped by the Hindus to avenge the attacks. Baying for each other blood both sides emerge from their respective areas marked by huge imposing gates. But before even a single shot is fired the mob of Hindus and Muslims gets distracted by the sight of Kala Bandar jumping from terrace to terrace. Forgetting their immediate animosity they rush together to capture and kill their bigger enemy, Kala Bandar. When they finally get hold of it, it’s turned out to be Roshan. They beat him mercilessly. The accumulated anger finds its release. In the final act of defiance, when Roshan is being beaten and dragged, Bittuenvelops him and cover his body with hers to thwart the blows. Even though her piercing cry and wail of protest doesn’t make any impact on the crowd but the avowed and open display of love, in itself, becomes an act of subversion. This way Bittu’scharacter emerges even stronger than that of Roshan. Finally, Mamdu, who holds KB responsible for all his misfortunes, completes the task by shooting Roshan. The anger and hatred that gripped the crowd earlier gives way to shock and then to disbelief over the grim realisation of what their actions have led to. It is left to Gobar to enunciate why Roshan took such an extreme step of masquerading himself as Kala Bandar. Roshan took the plunge to save the society and for the love of Bittu, he tells everyone present. Gobar already had a realisation how his caste fellows are trying to make him a scapegoat at the altar of politics by forcing him to bring KB’s hair to be used in a ritual. The banality of the whole affair was clear to him. But he is powerless to resist them. It is only when Roshan gets shot that it gives him the courage to open his mouth. ‘There is no Kala Bandar, it’s only a state of mind’, he illuminates the truth about KB and what it connotes in real terms. Gobar elaborates further that these demons, at times, become so powerful that they take complete control of our minds and we are powerless to resists them. This invariably leads us on the path of self-destruction and we not only harm ourselves but society at large. It is finally Gobar, the simpleton, who has delivered the truth. For the people of the area this is a moment of serious soul-searching and self-introspection. There occurs a change of heart. As Roshan lies grievously injured they all rush forward to bring him back to life so as to cleanse themselves of any communal stains and prejudices. The vendor’s of violence, the main culprits, are left isolated and bewildered at the sudden turn of events. Roshan emerges from the brink of death and goes back to the parental embrace of the caste and class oriented society. He gets Bittu and reclaims his connection with the motherland. The rupture in the society disappears and it achieves inner peace.
As in Rang De Basanti (RDB), Rakeysh Mehra's preoccupation with an outside agency, trying to shake-off the social-conscience of a stagnant and apathetic society, finds a similar reverberation in Delhi-6 too. In both films, the British Sue (in Rang De Basanti) and the US born Roshan become directly and indirectly the catalysts of change. Even as the films run the risk of privileging the more scientific, rational and modern West over the traditional bounded, backward, fatalistic East, it nonetheless, constructs narrative strategies that betray neither a blind adherence to cosmopolitanism nor fall back upon the ‘ancient’ indigenous knowledge system as an alternative. It takes up the resources from our own history and culture to open up a debate about the direction in which the society is moving. Though both films share somewhat similar thematic concerns both spin an entirely different narrative ploy and its subsequent resolution. If RDB politicised a section of society provoking and forcing them to take a stand with its searing indictment of the corrupt, communal and criminal political class Delhi-6 serves to depoliticise the issues it highlights and offers a tamed and diffused ending quite along the lines of established genre conventions. Even as it achieves complete narrative closure in all sub-plots (considering the fact it has multiple characters and themes) it becomes overloaded and punctuated with an oft-repeated discourse on pluralism and diversities towards the end. It falls back on a slippery road and then slides down into an idealist swamp by invoking an apolitical liberal humanist prescription. In order to gain a ‘popular’ acceptance that neither disturbs nor offends anyone, it absorbs and accommodates all the simmering dissension within its patriarchal fold. Initially the film broadened its agenda when it incorporated the caste and gender dimensions in its body but towards the end these issues get subsumed in the larger quest to restore the imbalances created by the communal frenzy. Without interrogating the interconnection and linkages between various social problems the film highlights, it conflates all the issues as one, espousing a naïve hope that it could be resolved through dialogue and consensus alone in the narrative of community. The entrenched social problems in the film are ultimately resolved, ‘…by presenting (a) mythical solution(s) to restore an utopian world’ (Jyotika Virdi, The Cinematic Imagination). Even as it identifies and isolates the social forces that feed on the violence for its sustenance it shows that they (the communal forces) are not really the problem but rather the ‘flawed’ individuals who in their inability to fight their own demons succumb to its appeal, leading to such problems. It is perhaps due to this reason there appears no real villain in the film. The characters act the way they act not because of their villainy but because they are simply the victims of the circumstances too powerless to resist their own demons. Thus towards the magical solution to all the problems Roshan proffers a sound advice, ‘keep your dark impulses in check lest it manifest itself and creates problems for yourself and the society at large’. But if human beings are conditioned by their historical and structural environment isn’t it necessary to consider the dialectical interactions that constantly take place between both the internal and external dimensions of life? How do the multiple contradictions that exist in the society get resolved and in what direction? What are the social conditions that breed problems like communalism? The film does not take these questions into account because of its own naturalised assumptions that if individuals overpower the evil within, then there will be all round harmony in the society and eternal goodness will prevail. For Delhi-6, it is not the underlying material reality but some unconscious force that controls human beings whose decision making capacities is severely limited by this fact. What the film says ultimately is that only with internal (individual) change societal change could take place. It’s a reflective of a subjective-idealist position, which its tagline ‘the journey within’ seems to amplify. The journey of life cannot be just reduced mechanically to a journey within. It negotiates, in the ultimate sense, through the external world of constraints and possibilities in order to derive its rich and true meaning. In the ultimate analysis, Delhi-6 fails to develop qualitatively its call for serious introspection into a wider critique of structural deformities.
The film however cannot be just read from its narrative closure. In the context of the mind numbing masala offerings churned out by the Hindi film industry that are completely divorced from the lives of the masses Delhi-6 makes
a brave attempt to address some of the urgent challenges that lie in
front of us as a nation. It succeeds in igniting our belief in the need
for the preservation of our pluralistic values and secular ethos that
make us a vibrant multicultural society. Delhi-6 shows us
how the practice of secular culture is itself riddled with constant
tensions that betray its own vulnerabilities and limitations within a
specific socio-cultural context. And how it acquires a new meaning when
ordinary people absorb its essence utilising their own resources. The
fundamental question is how the secularising principles can be
incorporated in our everyday lives and practices. In that the film
makes a sincere attempt to redefine the very notion of what
is meant by secularism and how it could be maintained and strengthened
through inter-faith dialogue and exchange.Then they got caught up :) I'm sure they were sharing new Mommy stories.
You can just see the determination :) Must get to the water! Or is it Must eat/throw (sorry Shannon) sand :)
Hmmmm. Sand and water! An awesome mix :)
Shhhhhhh. Ellie is listening :)
Digging to China?
Know way! We like it here :)
4 comments:
Too cute! I love watching the feet chase after Ellie. That must have been an exhausting day for all! It looks like alot of fun!!!
What a great week we had. More pix please. They were both adorable together. I too, would love to see more of them. xo Mom
Looks like a great time..
love the photos..
Have a great week..
Your commentary cracks me up! Great pictures and video. You did a great job at capturing them both! We had such a great time and will meet up with you again soon!Travel special: best grand weekend retreat
Experience your own private Ireland at Ballyfin in Co Laois
The uniformed staff lined up on the imposing steps set the tone for a weekend stay at Ballyfin in Co Laois, Ireland. It’s grand – very grand. The 15-bedroomed former ancestral seat has taken its owners eight years and £13 million to restore to its former glory. Family portraits have been repurchased, Sotheby’s is on speed dial, gold leaf cornices have been replicated; there has been no expense spared.
For such a gloriously lavish interior, though, Ballyfin feels remarkably relaxed. You can start the day by popping out to choose your own eggs, or meet the bees who produce your honey. In summer, you can eat in the orangery, basking in the morning sun, and in winter, hunker down in the dining room, overlooking a…Segregated […]
Archive | Bitcoin NewsRSS feed for this section
Bitcoin News! […]
Everything […]
Cabinet. Bitcoin puts on many different […]
The Bitcoin Universe Explained […]Globaltakeoff.net is one of the fast growing next generation CPM Online Advertising Networking allowing the advertisers to reach targeted and qualified ...
We are the fastest growing in-text ad network. We offer advertisers a dynamic bidding self serve platform that optimizes campaigns for best results.
1
Result Links is leading in Top 100K Sites.
2
In terms of market share, GlobalTakeoff is clearly lagging behind, losing to Result Links in all segments.
1
GlobalTakeoff has better usage coverage in more websites categories. Including Arts & Entertainment, People & Society, Movies, TV & Video and 43 other categories.
2
Result Links is leading in Online.
1
GlobalTakeoff is leading in most countries, including India, Brazil, United States, Sri Lanka and 13 other countries.
2
Result Links is leading in Indonesia and Malawi.Well, it was just what I needed. The gals came over last night and we had so much fun making cards. I got the boost I needed to finalize my swap and make and take for Thursday and they made some really wonderful cards. I was struggling to get back into the swing of things, the mojo was escaping me and it was very frustrating. The gals cured all that and then some! Here's some of the wonderful cards they made:
Carol
Diane
Sabrina
The photos are not the best - I still haven't built myself a light box, but you can easily see how very talented these ladies are! I can't thank them enough for coming over and helping me regain my perspective and focus. My heart may still be on board Belmira, but my head is finally residing in Colorado.
Fire update - the size of the fire doubled today with an estimated 7000+ acres burned and 90+ homes being lost (7 of those belonged to volunteer firemen). There is currently a state of emergency declared and we are all anxiously hoping the weather cooperates and allows those brave firefighters to get this thing under_5<<
5 comments:
Those pictures of the fire are really scarey Chris, fortunately it doesn't happen too often here in the UK (too much rain!)
You certainly have got some talented friends, the cards are really nice! Jill x
Always fun to have friends in to stamp with and get some inspiration
from. Heard about the fire from my son...not good to hear. Take care.
Pat
Beautiful creations from your night of stamping!!
What a great bit of crafty goodness!
Oh those are all soooo gorgeous!
Looks like you had a creative night!Here is some information that did not appear in the media information packet, but was provided by AADC officials when asked specific questions.
The cost of the launch tower was ten million dollars, funded entirely by the now-defunct Alaska Science and Technology Foundation. The ASTF was dissolved by the State Legislature in 2003 at the urging of Governor Murkowski who said many of the projects funded through ASTF were of questionable benefit. (according to alaskalegislature.com)
Only one of AADC’s eight launches required the use of the tower (2001); at this time, no future launches requiring the tower have been announced..
It seems fitting that the day of the open house was the smokiest in Kodiak’s history, making it difficult to get a clear view of the entire facility.
2 comments:
Great blog, come check out this internet shopping site. Whether you are online shopping for gourmet food or other items, you'll find them here.
Your blog is great If you a health issue, I'm sure you'd be interested in Crohn's Disease Stop Crohn's DiseaseDave Grohl Yells at Rowdy Fan — Dave Grohl is Hot Written by The Dishmaster, Posted in General Welcome to The Dishmaster! If you're new here, you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed. Thanks for visiting! If you read my blog then you’re well aware of my celebrity crushes. One such crush is Dave Grohl. And to think I’m not even a Foo Fighters fan. He’s a rock star that doesn’t do drugs, he has all his hair, and he’s a great interview. Plus, he’s a bad-ass. Watch the heavily bleeped clip below to understand what I mean. Grohl stopped his concert to yell at a fan in the audience who he spotted fighting. Did I mention that Dave Grohl is hot? Dave Grohl foo fighters « Kristen Wiig is Lola Bunny — Bugs Bunny Reboot Bethenny Frankel Co-Hosts ‘The View’ — Should They Hire Her? »Tagged: Reds
Game Haiku – 08/11/10 – Cardinals 6, Reds, 1
Colby celebrates
his birthday with first career
grand slam. Cards sweep Reds!
Advertisements
Game Haiku – 08/10/10 – Cardinals 8, Reds 4
A brawl before the
first pitch lights a fire ‘neath
the Cards. Finally!
Game Haiku – 06/02/10 – Cardinals 4, Reds 1
Cards know they can count
on Carpenter for smooth trip
back to first place tie
Game Haiku – 06/01/10 – Reds 9, Cardinals 8
The good news: lots of
offense. The bad news: one run
short, fell out of first
Game Haiku – 05/31/10 – Cardinals 12, Reds 4
Rain plinks off tarp, then
stops. But Cards don’t stop, racking
up a dozen runs
Game Haiku – 05/16/10 – Reds 7, Cardinals 2
Reds take series, first
place. Cards haven’t seen 2nd
place since last July!
Game Haiku – 05/15/10 – Reds 4, Cardinals 3
Civil Rights Game day
Inequality between
Leake, Wainwright. Leake wins.EPISODE #103-- Cruz and Jame (finally) get around to watching Gareth Edwards' debut film. It's. . . Okay? Alright? Fine? It's fine. It's whatever. More importantly Cruz and James talk about The Hunt for the Wilderpeople (2016), TV's Supergirl, and 12 O'Clock High (1949). James also has to insert an appology into the episode because he's a loud mouthed dumb-dumb. Sorry, everyone. He's.Spread out over 8 floors, there's plenty of room for guests at the Golden Tulip Al Hamra Dammam. This includes a grand total of 161 modern, light-filled, and spacious guestrooms including 18 sumptuous suites. All rooms have been newly renovated to provide the highest standard of four star comfort, and come equipped with a host of amenities to make your stay more enjoyable. This includes a high speed Internet connection, satellite television, a voice messaging system, a mini fridge to hold your beverages, and a hair dryer. The Executive Floor features additional amenities in its suites for an even more luxurious stay, such as a trouser press and tea and coffee making facilites to enjoy.You me and dupree kate hudson wedding dress
For these people, doing without that energizing and powerful feeling is terribly painful and leads to depression, anxiety and anger. When Rahu is X Rashi Ketu is in X6th Rashi which are complimenting each other. Jim helps me dig up the garden. Tell your timepiece to shove it. But the real effect of the apps is quieter, less remarked-upon and, in a way, more profound: For many of us, they have become the primary way we interact with other gay people. Informal marriages usually give the couple the same rights and protections as a formal marriage, but without having to go through the marriage license application process and formal ceremony with you me and dupree kate hudson wedding dress qualified officiant. Death of a loved one. Serving on this panel with Cardinal Dolan and Rabbi Soloveichik is a great honor. On March 31, 2007, I exchanged vows with and entered into a covenant marriage with the young woman that God had brought to me. Learn to forgive. Especially at a time of misunderstanding an turmoil, remember above all that your partner loves and cares deeply about you me and dupree kate hudson wedding dress, and you them. It's quite a place for an island nation but someday that may change. We had great passion at the beginning, but the last ten years we had sex maybe once a month. At the time of separation, financial need, ability to earn income nor fault are taken into consideration. Unless out-of-pocket medical expenses exceed 10 percent of AGI, they don't qualify as a deduction. A long marriage is two people trying to dance a duet and two solos at the same time. I have witnessed how we skip the commandment about husband and wife should not commit adultery when it comes to teach children. DeathTrip on Blackhand-H is recruiting all classes and specs for endgame raiding. However, God saw an injustice taking place, the poor were still poor and the wealthy were the only ones benefiting from you me and dupree kate hudson wedding dress period of peace and prosperity. Divine law requires the couple to stay together until death, even if they have no children. I like to think of this as a mutual becoming - the phenomenon that happens when committed love removes a spouse's limitations and helps them reach their highest potential. Love is strong, and you're not stupid to love, but this guy doesn't love you. Pooja Deepak Me and Pooja met each other through We saw each other's profile and liked it very much and decided to share contact details using the FREE Chat feature of this site. Draper is trying to use). I can absolutely, positively relate to this post since I have been married for almost 15 years. Knowing that you share the same goal and that you are willing to share the financial pressure can help to strengthen your relationship and even save your marriage. Diligence is an important key in affair proofing your marriage. One of the best ways to combat this disorienting turbulence of the motion is to establish a vision for your future marriage. This one is one of my absolute favorites from the day. Chinese literature and history are rich in description of relatively liberal attitudes to homosexuality in imperial times, but the Communist revolution of 1949 ushered in more prudish attitudes towards sex. That sure will be a lot nicer to feed silage using an unloader rather than a pitch fork. At a moment of promising oneself to another, uncertainty and anxiety are masked by elaborate, and sometimes charming, strategies to secure the fantasy of a perfect wedding. This marriage tip, as with most all tips, is one that does no good to understand if you do not implement it. Tools like e-books, DVD's, and CD's are you me and dupree kate hudson wedding dress to assist couples with their marital issues. A couple of weeks before she passed away, she signed a letter stating the beneficiaries of her most treasured possessions and the executors distributed the items very quickly. Often you me and dupree kate hudson wedding dress are the same relatives that threatened the women's lives to begin with, resulting in frequent cases where - despite the signed guarantee - women have been seriously injured or killed after their release, according to Dignity. states and the District of Columbia. We hung on and moved to Italy and began traveling regularly, which literally changed our lives. No matter what part of that town you live in there will more than one shul or shteibel near your home. My take: realDonaldTrump ReligiousFreedom order is the definition of getting peed on and being told it's raining. Of course, implementing surveillance policies might prove deleterious to company culture ; especially among Millennial workers who do not wedding day hankerchief clear lines between personal and work activities online. Cathy's personal goal has taken hold remarriage rates by country her life. Marriage benefits everyone because separating childbearing and childrearing from marriage burdens innocent bystanders: not just children, but the wedding dress pornstar gallery community. and i believe he is saynng the the best for all out there and wish your wifes you me and dupree kate hudson wedding dress read this good to reread it. Prepare for your trip by hiding small, wrapped gifts around the house with wedding cake plates and pillars thoughtful note peter cotton in chicago marriage to each one. we don't talk, unless its about his job, moody, no intimacy since about 5 months into the marriage. For example, if you come to an agreement that the kids topic is off the table for two years, then you won't be left anxious or frustrated when you want to delve into that wedding cakes near sacramento ca and your partner isn't ready. Another issue is that many young brides are forced to have sex before their bodies are ready, and few have access to reliable contraception and reproductive you me and dupree kate hudson wedding dress advice. Without them they will surely die. No be Miss. And we got married less than a month ago, after 7 years :). At the very least, couples can try to stop engaging in the most libido-crushing activity of all, which would be to dwell on - and beat themselves up over - all the sex that they're not having. The chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Joseph Vallario, offered the motion to return the bill to his committee. Touch his heart and help him see that we were made for each other and brought together by God. It's just another recipe for marriage troubles. The reason it is a threat to marriage is that the traditional understanding and hstory of marriage is here, before our very eyes, being rewritten to suit the lobby. You must have: An originalcertified copy of your birth certificate; proof of identity for all people giving consent; a court order showing proof of you me and dupree kate hudson wedding dress guardianship; and a notarized affidavit of consent, written in Ukrainian orthodox wedding icons, with the birth date of the minor and the relationship of person giving consent. If this is indeed the first time that your wife has cheated, and you want to salvage the relationship, you may want to suggest couple's therapy. We tried to be valiant and sober about it but once we sonia and rushi wedding home the tears flowed. Like the idea that you should focus on the good parts of your spouse and overlook the small you me and dupree kate hudson wedding dress things you should also work weddings lancashire cricket club into how you communicate.More...
In it something is. Now all is clear, many thanks for the information.
19.02.2013 at 23:34 Digami:
You could not be mistaken?“If Olivier Rousteing has his way, next season we’ll be marching to the beat of Balmain’s regimental drum.” – Vogue Magazine
Balmain is a designer brand I’ve only discovered within the last six months, but I have fallen completely in love with their styling, clothing and everything they stand for. The detailing on some of Balmain’s pieces is beyond comparison to any other label - it shows the great thought they put into their collections and how much work goes into creating such beautiful clothing.
Being Balmain, it wasn’t about practicality; it was a collection of explosive designs that were focused on strength and sensuality. A safari chic, hip-hop mash up of black, khaki, leopard print, sexy pleated skirts and tight little waists which were the main focus of their ready to wear collection. Additionally, Balmain never fails to provide a strong structure to their clothing, bringing fortitude and power. Rihanna showed up at the event, dressed in a head-to-toe look from the collection, displaying just what it takes to pull off one of these designs.
Creative director, Oliver Rousteing has created a whole new epidemic: “The Balmain Army” something which links directly back to the clothing and all that the brand has to offer. Rousteing has recruited the likes of Rosie, Joan, Jourdan, Karlie, Edie and Malaika – “a formidable force to be reckoned with.”
It wasn’t just tight sensual designs that caught my eye as there were more loose fitting ensembles that showed just as much character. Overall I love the new ready-to-wear collection from Balmain, and I can’t wait for their next collection, which I bet will have fans of the label standing to attention.Woot Friday!
I just wanted to point out that all people in our comics are fictional and not to be confused with people living or dead or living in Florida…
We’ll see you on Monday.
nice this one is really cool!
©2012-2018 Ahoy Earth | Powered by WordPress with ComicPress
| Subscribe: RSS
| Back to Top ↑
nice this one is really cool!Yeah, I know. We’ve been MIA. Just been preoccupied. Not feeling the blogging thing of late. Have not been using the camera much, either. I think I need to buy a new lens to re-inspire myself. :)
Kate has been doing great. She still has not been showing any outward signs of anything relating to her muscle loss. Her shoulders still feel thin to me but it seems like she has gained some bicep back. She had her first trial in 7 months a few weekends ago and did great! I moved her to Veterans so she now jumps 12” – actually – she sort of steps over 12”. Haha.
She was enjoying herself quite a bit. I have figured out that Kate thinks of agility as … I have to do some shit and then I GET TO GO IN A TUNNEL…then I do some more shit….and ANOTHER TUNNEL….etc. Too bad we don’t do NADAC, she would think Tunnelers is The Shit.
Serious agility dog?
Not so much
Bella was her normal self. Good with everything…except the weaves. We decided to experiment and have a friend run her in Standard on Sunday. Soooo funny. I love watching other people run Bella. It’s hard, of course, running a dog you are not familiar with handling. Particularly if you are someone who has been running one-eyed dogs for years! There were some off-course issues, so no Q, but her weaves were beautiful. I believe I can be heard calling her a shit head on the video. If I ever figure out how to edit the video I will post it.
Will weave for others – for you, I eat grass
So, back to Kate. Last week, more gimpy weirdness. Tis dark in the mornings now, so hard to see. I thought she looked like she was trotting weird. Did a few short throws so I could look at her move. No issues. Fine. Finished playing. Did our cool-down lap. Still fine. I leashed them up and ended up talking to someone for about 10 minutes. She then limps walking to the car. Nothing again getting out of the car (like 6 minutes later!!..???) Same on again, off again on Friday morning. I go over her good and find a hard lump/growth/something on one of her toes. Sort of between the nail bed and the pad. Not visibly noticeable, but real obvious when you go poking around.
Dear Gosh, why do I google things?
I went from maybe just a bug bite to removing Kate’s entire leg in the span of about 20 minutes.
I should really end it with Dr. Google. Totally un-cool.
I don’t really want to deal with anything ending in “oma.”
“itis” I can handle, no “oma’s” please!
Vet Wednesday morning.
This dog is trying to drive me to drink!
Who me?
Yes, you
Hi there! Glad you're back. I will keep Kate in my thoughts and hope that whatever is going on, it definitely only ends in an 'itis'.
Your dogs are beautiful.
Regards,
Leslie
Welcome back to blogland :-)
Google always scares the boss!
Love your dogs! Glad you're back! Yes, Dr. Google does not always have a good bedside manner!
I already saw the title of your most recent post, so "Yea, itis!"Sandbanks Provincial Park
" The following is an article written by Kevin Stuart about his trip to Sandbanks Provincial Park. To truly appreciate Sandbanks Provincial Park, you need to visit it in person. Have fun! Visit their website (click HERE) for more information."
by Festival Nomad Correspondent, Kevin Stuart
The Great Escape
There are few better ways to spend a summer afternoon escaping it all than a day at the beach. For several years now my wife and I have visited the Dunes Beach at Sandbanks Provincial Park and since our son came along, he’s been a part of this annual trek. It was word of mouth that originally piqued our interest and it was the atmosphere it conjures up that has kept us returning. Even the drive to the West Lake on which the beach is located is a leisurely and picturesque on through some of the most historic territory in the whole province, known as the Loyalist Trail.
The Birth of the Dunes...
The current ecology of the area began to take shape more than a century ago when vegetation starting disappearing from the dunes. Trees had been felled and cattle grazing on the area all contributed to the dunes gradually took over everything in their path. By the middle of the 20th century it was decided that trees had to be returned to stem the spreading with the establishment of a forestry station. An intensive planting program was put into effect by the 1950’s where an estimated 3 million trees were planted which finally slowed the spreading of the sand. Today a walk along the Dunes Trail by the day use area provides a reminder of the importance of looking after this unique aspect of nature. It currently has the distinction of being home to the world’s largest freshwater baymouth barrier sand dune system.
To the Beach!
From the Sandbanks Provincial Park's parking area to the actual beach is a relatively short walk and there’s almost always a shady spot to stake your claim for a few hours, courtesy of those trees we mentioned. The shallow water stretches around most of the perimeter allowing space for many individuals and families partaking in their own various water activities. Over the last few years it has changed slightly in that the gradual slope suddenly deepens about 70 feet from the shore but is well marked. It is on the other side that those with watercraft often indulge in their pleasure.
Walking the Dunes...
For our most recent visit the water was quite calm, though other times the waves provide another element of excitement for those who love to play in the water. Of course, many of us like to see the view from the top of the highest dune. It does take a bit of grunting if you’re not in tip-top form but it affords an overall view of the West Lake area. All the same, it’s not something that should be recommended as a regular exercise as the dunes are considered environmentally sensitive.
More To Enjoy...
Other immediate features are a playground area and concession stand on site along with complete change rooms and foot washing so that less of the beach will ride home with you. For those who love the outdoors there are camping facilities to be found. Just remember there are many who have discovered this jewel so book your site early in the season. The park hosts a number of events throughout the year and there are attractions in the nearby towns of Picton, Bloomfield and Wellington. Complete details on park activities are available at the Visitor’s Centre or by calling (613) 393-3319.Hey there, thanks for stopping by to take a look at these yummy treats. I can tell from the trusty google tracking softwares that people are stopping by here regularly despite my pathetic post rate. There are just so many outlets out there it's difficult to post everywhere and frankly a little boring to post the same things on each site. So I'm mixing it up a bit.
Anyway, a lot has been going on. I have become a preferred vendor at a few more places and wedding interest and bookings are up. :) I just installed a showcase at Rittenhouse Square's Radisson Plaza-Warwick Hotel and a "meet the artist" party will be announced soon. I've been shooting parties as well (I'll be at the Moshulu tonight for a corporate gig...foul weather and the high seas, arrrrgh) and I've recently had a chance to indulge in more commercial work shooting offerings from a well known wedding invitation designer, a nationally represented artist's work, and most recently FOOD! I've always wanted to get more involved with food photography and have done a few shoots for caterers and restaurants over the years and now I can add Chocolatier to my list :)I'm pleased to let you know about my next workshop--it's at one of my favorite places! What better place to play with buried treasure than the Oregon Coast?
Wabi-Sabi Buried Treasure
Mixed Media & 3-D Embellishments with Encaustic
Saturday, August 17 10-4
Held at Bloom Artscape in Yachats, Oregon
We'll use papers and layers of encaustic medium and paint to create thick and textured pieces with 3-D touches. We’ll be working on wood panels and transforming an old book.
Making this work is exciting--a kind of archaeological excavation in reverse! I'll show you how to create primal and mysterious work that invites the viewer to imagine a story woven into the piece with each layer and element.
You'll learn how to add layers of wax and specialty papers and how to incise into the work to show what has come before. As you add and scrape back you'll become intimate with your materials and express your deepest self.I want to try something different. From here on out (October 2nd, 2012), pieces published in other arenas will simply have the title, date, venue, and a link posted here. My hope is to keep the site a little more tidy. Maybe it'll work, maybe it won't; we'll see.
From The Next Family, "Gender Roles and the Holidays"
January 3, 2013
From The Buzzard Tracks, "Concert Review: Mayfield vs. Mayfield"
December 21, 2012
From The Next Family, "Hair Today, Gone Tomorrow..."
December 14, 2012
From The Record Courier, "Questions Rush to Privatize Recycling"
December 11, 2012
From Ear to the Ground Music, "Reverend Peyton's Big Damn Band: Between the Ditches"
December 11, 2012
From The Kent Patch, "Music, Social Media, and Benefits"
December 3, 2012
From The Next Family, "Holiday Displays"
November 30, 2012
From Buzzard Tracks, "MGK Shoots and Scores!"
November 29, 2012
From The Next Family, "Adoption: Family Ties"
November 16, 2012
From The Next Family, "What's in a Name?"
November 2, 2012
From Buzzard Tracks, "Wilson's First"
October 30, 2012
From The Kent Patch, "Letter to the Editor"
October 29, 2012
Note: The views I express on Kent Issue 11, 2012 are the voted upon
views of Kent Environmental Council, for whom I am the current chair.
My views run contrary to those of the group, and I personally do not
support Issue 11, but in a capacity as representative of the group, I am
bound to represent their position, no matter what my own might be.
From The Next Family, "I Stress, Eustress, We All Stress"
October 19, 2012
From The Kent Patch, "Gordon F. Vars Bog Day Celebration Saturday"
October 12, 2012
From The Next Family, "I Do; The Privileges of Marriage"
October 5th, 2012
From Men Having Babies
September 25, 2012
At the bottom, there are links to a photo gallery with some of my photos and YouTube videos of the seminar itself. My personal story is featured, and there's more info in the Q&A.
From The Next Family, "Stereotypes and Young Girls; BooBoos That Don't Heal"
From September 21, 2012
From Vagina, The Zine- "Shame"
Spring 2012Belly buttons the innies and outies of childbirth
Not getting sufficient sleep can lower the effectiveness of your muscles in supporting your again, resulting in more pressure placed on the sciatic nerve. Whereas great to get, your probabilities of success are a lot lower. The issue during pregnancy isn't getting on a motorcycle - it's falling off. Nursing has modified dramatically with the evolution of well being care, similasan pink eye relief safe in pregnancy it'll continue to change in the new world of managed care. Just this week I had a patient burst into tears: she went in for a routine annual mammogram, and guess what. Can someone give me some friendly advise. Hi women, I hope this helps, I have a friend whom missed her interval buttins took take a look at and received bfn. I spent method too much money on garments the 1st time around, and a lot good parenting for babies the garments that I had were for the office. Some women could experience each nausea and vomiting. Brought on by hormonal adjustments in the body, meals cravings and aversions are normally experienced through the belly trimester. Nevertheless, some ladies expertise a bit bleeding during the early weeks of pregnancy. In the case of feeding your infant, breast milk is greatest and gives many advantages. Sure, it's true solely when taken uncooked at this time of your life. Nevertheless, some new ones tend to turn out to ov extra essential for me after those first 12 weeks or so, and this pregnancy has been no different. What the past experience will offer is a deeper intuitive sense of being able to listen to your body- but it is important not to let the ego lead instead of the physical sensations. It has been described as having a shower to alleviate aches and pains. Early miscarriage often happens when a child isn't growing pain uti pregnancy. For every symptom yow will discover one of the best being pregnant health movies for your self. This feeling can leave the body with an unpleasant feeling. Chemical substances and hazards: Varied studies hyperlink low fertility to the presence of many everyday chemical substances together with pesticides, portray and printing fumes. Unique to The Bump: The power to ask questions and get fast answers from three different sources (1) The Bump editorial staff (2) Byttons Bump team of experts, including main doctors from One Medical, Maven Network and Reproductive Medication Associates of New York (three) moms like you. Confused as a result of an early check came back positive but a subsequent end result was detrimental. As you may have missed your durations solely by a day…then look ahead to belly buttons the innies and outies of childbirth of days more. Temper swings or irritability also emerge very early after conception. Scorching or cold compresses may belly buttons the innies and outies of childbirth assist, in addition to different stress-reduction strategies like acupuncture, massage, or hypnosis. To the purpose I can't even get up. (Except you are already farther alongside than you assume. In a teenager is averse to the idea of abortion, she can have her child and put it out for adoption. This can be a nice deal for that pelvic sling to carry up. Maybe you reached an anti-choicer in the present day by exhibiting what occurs where the rubber meets the street … as opposed to their fairy-tale cyildbirth about gestation. I additionally didn't want them born groggy. Hi Susana, ca pregnancy leave for men 20. When this fee rises, kidneys filter more waste out of your blood. Ask your self in the event you abd inside these 5 signs of being belly buttons the innies and outies of childbirth. Also by the tip of this week the infant's heart beat is so robust it is some thf attainable to hear it by putting an ear on your stomach. Your baby weighs 1. It's because some ladies have longer or shorter period cycle. Why not think about coconut water, aam panna or recent lime juice instead. It is important to keep track of how you are feeling. Me and my husband had intercourse last January 1,2 and eight, 2016. This check measures the baby's heart charge throughout contractions using a fetal monitor. Aversions to meals due to nausea are completely normal and understandable. No part of this article could also be copied or reproduced in any kind with out the express permission of Belly buttons the innies and outies of childbirth Inc and All Rights Reserved. My periods have all been tremendous untill now, i was on account of come on my period on the finish of final month so i'm about 1-2weeks late though i have had period pains for about 2 weeks but undecided what this implies?. Generally known as morning illnessit should typically peak round week 10, settling by weeks 12 13. The surge in hormones in your physique causes an elevated blood provide to your breasts, which causes the tingling sensation. 40 year olds do not have to be having kids. Fetal development typically follows a predictable course. There are loads of epidemiological research belly buttons the innies and outies of childbirth the inverse relationship between vaccination charges and an infection charges. Treating hormonal imbalance is still a subject of debate right this moment. Belly buttons the innies and outies of childbirth is available for girls who are between four nuttons 9 weeks pregnant.More...
And everything, and variants?
11.12.2014 at 18:33 Galabar:
Between us speaking, in my opinion, it is obvious. I advise to you to try to look in google.com
20.12.2014 at 14:15 Mur:
I consider, what is it — a false way.
27.12.2014 at 17:20 Nikojin:
What interesting idea..
29.12.2014 at 02:05 Zuluzahn:
I think, that you are mistaken. Write to me in PM, we will discuss.
31.12.2014 at 08:00 Goltikazahn:
Willingly I accept. In my opinion, it is an interesting question, I will take part in discussion.
02.01.2015 at 01:51 JoJolrajas:
Absurdity what that
11.01.2015 at 11:52 Vudogul:
Completely I share your opinion. In it something is also idea good, I support.
19.01.2015 at 20:27 Najin:
Such is a life. There's nothing to be done.Whenever you search for a query Google shows results relating to that query ,you can also observe cached and similar pages links appearing on the results.Do you ever thought of what is this cached links about.
Google takes a snapshot of each page as it crawls and caches these pages as Backup when original page is not available , when you click cached link then Google shows page in it’s cache when it last crawled and indexed it.
When the cached page is shown you will observe from header that it’s a Google cache of blog name .it is a snapshot of page appeared when Google indexed it and current page of blog may be different.
Summary:Whenever you come across a website that temporarily down then clicking cached link will show the snapshot of that page when Google indexed last time.This will be helpful in knowing to you how the actual page of website looks .Department of Civil Engineering, University of Saskatchewan, 57 Campus Drive, Saskatoon, Canada, S7N 5A9
Department of Civil Engineering, McGill University, 817 Sherbrooke St. West, Montreal, Canada, H3A 2K6
Experiments were conducted to determine the turbulent concentration field in the wake of a normal flat plate. Dye was introduced behind the plate as the tracer. The measurement of the dye concentration was carried out using an optical colorimeter in the near wake, covering a distance of five to thirty plate widths downstream of the body. The mean, r.m.s., and intermittency profiles of the concentration field were obtained at a number of cross sections. Phase averaging was also carried out to determine the structure of the large scale eddies. Typical maximum concentration levels in the core of the eddies were found to be two to four times larger than the corresponding mean values. The widths of the concentration profiles in the near wake are 1.5 to 2.5 times wider than the corresponding widths of the velocity profiles. The present dye concentration data obtained for the normal flat plate are unique and complement a small number of previous experimental investigations of the scalar field based on temperature measurements in the wake of circular.Spencer's creating a gigantic sock sculpture for his buddy Socko and needs - yep, you got it - socks! Join Carly and friends on her web Telethon to help get crazy, fun acts onstage to perform. The more points received, the more socks get donated, and the bigger a success Spencer's sock sculpture will be! Can Freddie keep his camera in focus? Can you keep Spencer and Sam out of trouble at the judges' table? Hurry! You have just 28 hours to collect enough socks in iCarly iSock it to 'Em!RE: Our trip to Jasper - November 2010
Our trip to Jasper was lovely - too short ~ but lovely to get completely away, the mountains are always a good for my soul experience, for I find them so majestic, awe inspiring ~ I am a nature lover anyway, nothing pleases me more than to go for a walk down by the river valley or on some forest (or mountain) path and just take in all that is around me. The weather in Jasper was not that great - actually a blizzard on our way in on Friday night, cold and wet for the most part ~ but when we went for our jaunt to Athabasca Falls on Saturday the weather cleared for a few hours and it was so beautiful. Really humbles a person and trully makes you thankful for the simple beauties we have around us, we are very blessed to live in a place where there is so much natural beauty and breathtaking views a few hours away.
Eating in Jasper - or I should say eating out in Jasper gluten free was a 50/50 crap shoot this trip - the first lunch we had at a restaurant called Papa George's (it was on the internet as a gluten free choice) unfortunately the staff on that day were not as careful (?) or knowledgable (?) to gluten free eating ~ and both of us were a bit unwell after our meal. Surprisingly my guy (not a diagnosed celiac but we believe definitely has a Gluten sensitivity - and an already known Lactose intolerance) even more than I.. So the get away was lovely ~ did have a few ups and downs but then doesn't everything?
ADD: I am looking forward to going back to Jasper - they did have more options for dining out that I would be interested in trying, as well as there is a Nutter's in the town that had some great options for gluten free snacks AND items for cooking or preparing (if you had a kitchenette or were camping). I think as this was one of our first trips as a couple away and having to find options eating gluten free - it did not go too badly ~ and look forward to going back - Jasper is a beautiful area. :)Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent.
What information do we collect?
We at HoopsVilla.com Photos, do collect information from you when you visit our site, subscribe to our Newsletter or fill out a form or do something related to social networking like sharing a post. collection purpose.
Cookies
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as Disqus comments, Facebook Like buttons etc..
We also use third party advertisements on photos.hoopsvilla.
The email address you provide for getting email newsletter, may be used to send you information and updates, etc.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, there are detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email... AOG (Aircraft On Ground) Buyer is responsible for supporting Maintenance with critical part requirements to fulfill variable demands that impact the operation of the airline. This entails sourcing aircraft parts, initiating purchase orders, expediting existing orders and coordinating logistics to meet the immediate requirements(s). In addition, this position is responsible for planning inventory requirements system-wide that fulfill internal customer needs and general service.Do you feel happy in the career that you have chosen? Or was it a career you just “fell into” after leaving education. Thankfully there are many options for retraining in order to pursue a career that you are really interested in. Sometimes redundancy, although scary at the time can give you the option to completely change direction with your career. Maybe after having children you feel that you don’t want to return to your previous job following maternity leave. There are many career options out there, you just need to find out which one you would like to take.
Once you have found your career of choice, you can look at retraining options to gain the necessary qualifications and experience.
Where to start?
Firstly you need to evaluate yourself and really analyse how you envisage your future working life. Write down your current skills, whether they are from a previous career, hobbies, interests or family life. Which of these skills do you love and can you develop them into a possible career option? Ask yourself what your priorities are. Do you want a role with flexibility to accommodate family? Would you like to get satisfaction from your role by helping people in a career such as nursing? Do you utilise the skills you gained in your further education, perhaps you studied accounting and finance at university and would love to develop this further by studying a course such as the msc international finance distance learning. Adding to your current qualifications will enable you to take your career to the next level if you wish.
Research
Once you have decided which skills you would like to develop into your career choice, your next step is to research what careers are available. You may find that consulting the National Careers Service website may help. Read lots of job profiles and see if they appeal, if you were considering nursing as a career ensure you look at all the health care careers available. When you have narrowed down your career choice. Look at what qualifications you need. Have you already got them or do you need to look at retraining options? It maybe that you need experience in a particular field in order for employment opportunities to be open to you. Volunteering will help you gain experience and is usually greatly appreciated.
Action
Try not to just “carry on regardless” in your current career if you’re not happy. Small steps you take now will help you move nearer towards your dream career. It may be possible to retrain on an evening and keep your current job, retraining options may be available either at a local education provider, private college or online. Ensure the qualifications are recognised in the area you wish to work. There may be funding options that you can take advantage of too.
Another way to change direction in your career is to start your own business. You could utilise any skills you have such as art, writing, flower arranging, home decorating, cake making to name a few. Perhaps you wish to start your own business in areas that you currently work, for example web design.
Whatever you choose be sure to know that there is plenty of support and advice available to make your dream a reality!Women's Black Bracciale Con Medaglione
Details. Material:Lamb Skin/metal. Color: blackSaturday, February 27, 2010
Creating Hope
Hope. This was a theme challenge given to me by my friend Beth for her JDRF silent auction. I so enjoyed working with a theme in mind. (Those who know me well, know that I love themes!) I really stretched my creativity this time and decided to do some mixed media on canvas (above). It was great fun as I first covered the canvas in alcohol inks, then added layers of paper and fabric. I love how it turned out. The other piece I did is more in line with what usually do...a distressed ink look in amber and black. I did add a bit of shimmer to the flowers (a shimmer of hope) but you can't tell from the photos.
Posted by Renee at Saturday, February 27, 2010 2 comments: Links to this post
Thursday, February 25, 2010
Giving for a Cause
Posted by Renee at Thursday, February 25, 2010 1 comment: Links to this post
Tuesday, February 23, 2010
Do-overs and Done!
On a good note, I finished this whimsical mirror (above) that I think it would be at home in a country style foyer or a little girl's room. It was relatively easy to complete. After sanding and priming, I painted the frame and hand-painted some wood cutouts from the craft store. Then I glued them on with something called "Liquid Fusion." The wood glue that I was using worked well, however it dried an ugly dark yellow (what's with this yellowing stuff?) and if it seeped out, it took away from the finished piece.
Posted by Renee at Tuesday, February 23, 2010 No comments: Links to this post
Friday, February 19, 2010
Back to normal (whatever that is...)
I made this collage (above) last week and finally framed it with two others. I particularly love this one because I love the ocean, love the color blue and sea glass...see the tiny piece I incorporated?
Today in the mail, I received some really cool inks that I ordered online... I can't wait to use them! But, I'll have to wait...I'm going to be spending my weekend (starting this afternoon) in a smelly gym with all of the county high school wrestlers (including my son). Our high school is hosting this huge event and I'm helping in the coaches' hospitality room when I'm not watching my son wrestle. Not much time to craft, but a lot of time to think up new projects. I'll bring my sketchbook!
Posted by Renee at Friday, February 19, 2010 No comments: Links to this post
Sunday, February 14, 2010
Feeling Snow Creative!
Instead of making things to sell, I decided to create some things for my own home. Right now, I have a few projects going on. I framed some photos; I'm making a welcome sign for my hall; and I decided to create some fun light-switch covers.
My sister's friend Allison gave me the idea.
She sells some really cool ones online at her etsy shop.. I'm not exactly sure how she makes hers, but I use a variety of things such as fabric, papers, paint markers and good old fashioned Mod Podge. I went a little crazy.
I'll take some before shots and then show you how I've added some creative touches. (Don't expect much...there's only so much you can do with a closet!)
Posted by Renee at Sunday, February 14, 2010 2 comments: Links to this post
Thursday, February 11, 2010
Be Mine, Valentine
It was a lot of fun experimenting and making these. Give it a try! It's something you can do with your crafty kids, too. I made these with my niece and she made Valentine's for all the girls in her class... "the boys just wouldn't appreciate it." Well, I hope my boys appreciate these, but they've grown accustomed to homemade Valentines from mom (including the heart-shaped cookies). I'd love to see some of your creations, so please share them and get busy...Valentine's Day is Sunday!!!!!!
Posted by Renee at Thursday, February 11, 2010 No comments: Links to this post
Tuesday, February 9, 2010
Reflections of Snow Days
Posted by Renee at Tuesday, February 09, 2010 3 comments: Links to this post
Saturday, February 6, 2010
Where are we? Alaska?
Stoli, my Siberian husky, is enjoying it, but she got a little spooked when she sunk into snow above her head! She quickly scrambled out and found solace under a tree where the snow had drifted away.
Well, better get back to that Italian wedding soup (nothing like homemade soup on a day like today!) and probably some crafting or painting.
Posted by Renee at Saturday, February 06, 2010 No comments: Links to this post
Friday, February 5, 2010
Creative Outlets
Well, here I sit, back in my humble abode watching the snow fall ... apparently there's 28 inches on the way. Of course, the kids are being dismissed early... I honestly don't think we've had a full week of school for the past month and a half!
Unlike the furniture painting, I really don't plan anything when I start, except maybe the size of my piece. Then I just start placing things randomly until I find a design or color direction that I like. After that, I begin adding texture with jewelry, buttons, pieces of twine, paper and even watch parts. Sometimes I try to glue at least two things in place and see where it takes me; other times I just move things around until I create an eye-pleasing design. Either way, it's very liberating and exciting.
Do you have an artistic outlet? Let me know!
Posted by Renee at Friday, February 05, 2010 2 comments: Links to this post
Monday, February 1, 2010
Unexpected Girl's weekend
My sister finally came home with my nephew late yesterday afternoon (he's doing much better) and I cooked up some of my famous Italian wedding soup for her and her family. We are enjoying our time together so much, I even talked my husband into letting me stay up here a bit longer...I've got to offer that morale support! Stacie spent the day making jewelry (check her stuff out at ) and I spent the day crafting! Tonight we're going to watch a movie and relax and tomorrow, I have to go back to the real world. Ryan, by the way, is sleeping a lot.
Posted by Renee at Monday, February 01, 2010 2 comments: Links to this post
0374525366
9780374525361
Trade Paperback
96 Pages
CAD12.50
$11.00Request Desk Copy Request Exam Copy."
"Black Zodiac concentrates on Charles Wright's considerable poetic endowment into a new poignance that has to be termed religious. Some of the poems achieve an authentic gnosis in a rapt mode of negative transcendence."—Harold Bloom
"Black Zodiac occupies the position in Wright's career that The Auroras of Autumn holds in Wallace Stevens's: Having long since mastered his characteristic voice, the poet has passed through the terrifying moment when mastery threatens to become mannerism, and he has emerged as a poet whose every line seems completely recognizable and at the same time utterly fresh."—James Longenbach, The Nation
"Combines an impeccable musical and prosaic sense with the kind of humility possessed by the masters."—Carol Muske, The New York Times Book Review
Excerpt from Black Zodiac by Charles Wright. Copyright © 1998 by Charles Wright. To be published in March, 1998 by Farrar, Straus & Giroux, LLC. All rights reserved.
APOLOGIA PRO VITA SUA
I
How soon we come...Best The First Time in High Quality.Now you can play full The First Time in HD format with duration 95 Min and was released on 2012-10-19 with MPAA rating is 139.
-,
- Actors of movie :Molly C. Quinn (Erica #1), Dylan O'Brien (Dave Hodgman), Lamarcus Tinker (Big Corporation), James Frecheville (Ronny), Matthew Fahey (Brendan Meltzer), Maggie Elizabeth Jones (Stella), Joshua Malina (Aubrey's Dad), Britt Robertson (Aubrey Miller), Craig Roberts (Simon Daldry), Victoria Justice (Jane Harmon), Christine Taylor (Aubrey's Mom)
Movie synopsis of The First Time :
Full The First Time in High Definition Format with movie plot . Full Streaming The First Time in Best Video Format by visiting the download link.
Streaming movie with title The First Time full and free movie streaming in HD video. Streaming movie with title The First Time free an fun at here. Today, you can easily see that hundreds 1000s of people in search of free The First Time movie watching it on their sweat household with connection to the web. Become happy, you can certainly reach thousands of satisfied members that became tired of waiting pertaining to dvds inside the mail, and you can now watch totally free The First Time. You can obtain new on the internet movie, and obtain it at no cost in the site. It is fast, simple, free and best of all to try out. Streaming now The First Time on-line movie devoid of downloading. You can watch online video streaming in HD high quality in 95 Min length. Check out trailer movie as well as full movie of The First Time go through the button below to look at these video.
... Download Full The First Time in HD Format 1080p ...
Writer : Jon Kasdan, Director : Jon Kasdan
Sure, now you can watch movie regarding The First Time in full length and obtain the hyperlink to this movie The First Time in best video format.
Tags: virgin, high school, party, first love, awkwardness, friend | kiss | matchmaking | swimming pool | iraq veteran,
0 komentar:
Posting KomentarCLERMONT -- Andrea Ugazio made last year's Central Florida Triathlon Series -- a three-race summer series of sprint distance triathlons -- into his own display of fitness.
Ugazio won the first two races in the series and finished second in the third.
Ugazio took the first race in 45 minutes, 34 seconds, the second in 45:42 and posted a 46:38 in the third race.When Zackery is not competing as a welterweight inside the octagon, he takes to the ice with the Gatineau Jr Flames AAA.
Jeff’s comments – Pow Pow, And still……..Champ. Zackery is a tough customer, always willing to stand up for his teammates or light a fire. Can’t wait to help develop other aspects to his game and be able to give him more earned minutes!
Faces of the Civil War
Musket and canon blasts, intricate period detail, and a parade of authentic reenactors all brought the Civil War to life at the 5th annual Manassas Civil War Weekend. I photographed the event for Prince William Living Magazine and had the pleasure of getting up close and personal with this important history and was captivated by the details of the reenactors. Just seeing them pulled you into their story, and once again I had to capture the "faces of the Civil War."
What a story these faces tell! The hardships of living over 150 years ago, working hard for food on your land and fighting for it at the same time. From generals to farmers, society women to housekeepers, there are stories here that speak to a time and world that just a short time ago was very different from our own.
Enjoy these portraits, and plan to visit Manassas next year to experience this history for yourself.
Watch the video below and visit Prince William Living Magazine to see all the images from the parade down the streets of Old Town Manassas.Dealing with money and divorce
You ask why marriage rates have been declining. The purpose of this step is to daling you and your partner collectively head to head for the initial court docket look and hopefully facilitate an agreement. Dealin data for solicitors companies all through Ireland is obtainable on the Regulation Society web site. Mlney Probate and Family Court docket charges charges for submitting and handling sure documents. You pick dexling county from the listing, and then you will get divorce law in charleston south carolina data and contacts to seek out out what steps you must take. I did not know what my father's rights have been until now. Again, parents might have joint physical custody, whereby the kid splits their time between households, or one guardian may search sole bodily custody. Divorce legal professionals and divorce attorneys are crucial to assist individuals perceive their rights. Actor Orlando Bloom is reportedly in talks with the producers of 'Superman Returns' to play a part dealing with money and divorce the forthcoming sequel. As such, though the phrases could be amicable and friendly and agreed upon, two lawyers have to be involved and must symbolize every member of the former marriage group. A significant facet of mediation is that each one discussions are confidential. With Half Worth Legal professionals on your aspect, you'll have a crew of experiences family legal professionals combating for you every step of the way. Children typically wish to dealing with money and divorce both their mother and father joyful. Based on known divorce records, they projected that fifty of newly married young individuals would divorce. The creditor does not dealing with money and divorce care what the divorce order says about who was supposed to pay the debt. Incompatibility or 'irreconcilable differences' are usually not acceptable grounds for divorce. She or he will be the one to ask questions of witnesses, current proof and argue the case before the judge and jury. The place you'll need to move to is the information division. Though you might feel your partner is being unreasonable, it is divorce final decree texas to attempt to reach dealing with money and divorce without involving the courtroom (and added courtroom prices). However, Martin G. This is the promise of the parties of an invalid marriage to not engage in sexual relations, thus to dwell as brother and sister (frater et soror), in order to be eligible to obtain the Eucharist. These are sometimes very experienced and certified. Unfortunately, litigating a case in moeny docket is each time consuming and expensive. For instance, if you purchase a automobile with cash you inherited from a relative who handed away, the car belongs to you even if you bought it throughout the marriage or domestic partnership, as a the cause of divorce is marriage of it was bought together with your separate property. Discover the witb that believes as mojey. He said solicitors more and more negotiated outof-court docket settlements, where the pursuits of any children concerned got here first. As well as trying spectacular, it provides a special free divorce records indianapolis indiana to the whole wedding ceremony setup. For extra data, converse to your local Residents Recommendation Bureau and visit the Scottish courts website. Serve the Statement of Claim for dealung in your partner to inform her or him of the divorce action. Rule of thumb: You can not maintain opposing ideas about your partner or associate at the identical time. If Allah intended for girls to have the power of unilateral divorce, He (Most High) would have given it to divorce lawyers norfolk virginia. This is not the case for the US. As well as, every state, the overarching precept that the choose uses to guage the parent's competing claims is the perfect pursuits of the child. Your data has been obtained and we'll ship you an electronic mail shortly that gives dealing with money and divorce ideas and references about your divorce choices. She claims that every pair began having intercourse in their respective beds. This type of child could appear perfectly effectively adjusted on the skin however distraught on the inside. After all not. Each of the parties dealung to get custody of the how to cope with divorced parents upon the termination of the marriage. A divorce dealing with money and divorce supplies the phrases and conditions of the divorce case dealing with money and divorce laid out by the presiding decide. The competency of the lawyer makes or breaks the case. Our protagonist, Sophie Diehl, is a prison lawyer dealing with money and divorce I am a criminal lawyer who occurs to be getting a divorce. While you nag and complain about what a foul job your spouse is doing at this and that, or while you demand that they do this or that, you might be dealing with money and divorce appearing like their mother or father as a substitute of their lover. When is it time to get a divorce admit to skimming over among the contractual legalese and repetitive financial statements but general I favored the distinctive format and located myself having fun with dealing with money and divorce mix of skilled and private correspondence. You simply have to supply a 1099 type. So what occurs normally is that when folks face dealing with money and divorce circumstances, dealing with money and divorce forget about divorce and spend their time preventing above circumstances. Household and associates will come around in time, however don't anticipate them to just accept someone new right away. You will discover totally different kinds of discrimination and it could be direct or indirect. A divorce lawyer with experience dealing with legal separations can clarify to you the professionals and cons of authorized separation vs. I'm so proud of you guys and the job you did. Adolescents: Usually really feel insecure, lonely, and unhappy. While each situation is different and has its personal set of circumstances, some reasons for divorce are more widespread than others. The best divorce lawyers are invariably those who have earned a status by consistently securing their client's legal rights in numerous divorce instances. Gary, thanks to your evaluate, glad to have been divorcee service. To contact him, please electronic mail him at drnucc or by way of telephone at 845-592-0120.More...
Many thanks for the help in this question.
06.05.2013 at 19:18 Zolojinn:
I can speak much on this question.
12.05.2013 at 16:17 Yozshumi:
The matchless phrase, is pleasant to me :)
16.05.2013 at 16:47 Zululrajas:
In my opinion you are not right. Let's discuss it.
19.05.2013 at 17:05 Akinokree:
I confirm. It was and with me. We can communicate on this theme. Here or in PM.
20.05.2013 at 16:27 Doukazahn:
I apologise, but you could not give more information.
26.05.2013 at 13:16 Mezticage:
It has surprised me.
05.06.2013 at 20:37 Karr:
In my opinion it is very interesting theme. Give with you we will communicate in PM.It may never threaten the University Club or the Citrus Club, but the new owners of the Metcalf Building at Orange Avenue and Pine Street are thinking about a private club and bar in the basement of the 60-year-old structure. DSJ Enterprises Inc. and James B. Greene and Associates are spending about $2.5 million to restore the building. The work could be completed as early as next month.. He has written many young adult novels, including ” Icefall” and ” Last Descendants: An Assassin’s Creed Novel Series.my link
For the original version including any supplementary images or video, visit
I won’t wear peep toe shoes when it’s raining because I don’t want my toes to get wet. Ex : garçon – nm > On Mira “le garçon” Cu “HHHHun garçon”. he saidBros doigt de pied nmnom masculine: s’utilise ave Les articles “le”, “l’” Levant June voyelle Cu un h duet, “un”. All nail growth occurs at the nail’s… Ex : “agues” UK: noughts and crosses noun: Refers to person, place, thing, quality, etc. This motion should build the power that you need to jump higher. If we find matches from the people you follow on Twitter, we’ll connect you to them right away. En général, on ajoute un “e” à l’adjectif. That sock has a hole in the toe.. Michael Chase made seven stops for Franklinville, ECIC DIV. III Lake Shore 3, Pioneer 1 YORKSHIRE Lake Shores Max Eastman scored twice and assisted on the other as Lake Shore (5-5) beat Pioneer (0-10).
For the original version including any supplementary images or video, visit.png)
Air China Seat Map is one from many image out of this website. you will get the latest images of Air China Seat Map on this excellent website gathered from various sites of THE UNITED STATES, and undoubtedly that which you recommend is the perfect of World Map Collection WOMAN Trip for Air China Seat Map. If you want the globe Map Collection WOMAN Trip inside our web, please feel absolve to visit again and get delight inside our web. And if you need to see more pictures more we recommend the gallery below you can view as a guide from your Air China Seat Map.
Gallery of Air China Seat Map
Tags: #Central America Maps#United States Canada Map#Outline Map Of North America#Americas Map#Map Latin AmericaFirst, my helper in this "photo session", my little Julia. She had so much fun! she waited until I had finished adjusting or folding the items till I had them just like I wanted them and had grabbed my camera... and then she quickly grabbed it and pulled just as I was snapping the photo! (you should see the ones that didn't make the cut! lol! well, maybe not)
This is the napoliant scarf I was working on for myself, left waiting as I hurried to finish other, more pressing projects. I had a bunch of yarn left and I really love how it looks (it has silver speckles all through it and it looks adorable) so I copied a hat that my mother gave my daughters and made one for myself... cutesy little bow and all! Little girl's fashion is just darling!
This is the "mossy" scarf. I was about halfway through it when my mom commented that it looked like moss: the colors, the fuzziness, and since I was knitting some moss stitch rows alternating with the stockinnette stitch, I thought the name was quite apropiate.
And last but not least, the multidirectional scarf. I've ranted time and again how impossible is it to get nice yarn here, and when I saw the Noro scarves in Ravelry I almost bit someone. But then I saw this nice variegated yarn and I knew it was destined to be knit. By me. Into a Multidirectional beautiful scarf. And then... my friend decided to fall in love with it (ok, maybe I'm exagerating, but you should have seen all the admiring and touching and fondling and almost-get-a-room moment she had with this scarf) so I promised myself I would make it a present for her on her birthday... it is comming closer and I am getting separation anxiety, specially since I've not been able to find the exact colorway again!
4 comments:
Thank you for leaving such nice comments on my blog!
:o)
Your scarves are beautiful!!!
lol! thank you! I love your blog!
Oh my Gosh, that is quite a birth story!
When your daughter is older, you will have to tell her what you went through.
This is my second pregnancy, but unfortunately my first baby was a stillborn, so this time my husband and I are more than anxious... you can imagine, right?
:o)
Wonderful collection of scarves. I love the 'mossy' one! Thanks for visiting my blog too. xxPutrid Pete’s Peak Foils Group Photo
FWB2 photo used with permission, please respect all copyrights
Yukon430sw photo used with permission, please respect all copyrights
Trip report, comments & additional pictures on NWHikers.net ~ special thanks to Zeusdaddy for this week’s write-up
Putrid Pete’s Peak Information:
Distance & Elevation: approx. 6 miles round trip and 3100 ft gain
NOAA Weather Forecast for Putrid Pete’s Peak: click here
Special Notice: This week’s hike will include substantial bushwhacking and climbing on talus field boulders. With the Ira Spring TH inaccessible due to the flood damage at the access roads, we’ll need to do an extra bushwhack up from Exit 42 Tinkham. Much of this hike will be off trail and require some navigation skills. Hikers are encouraged to stay together and wait for the group at trail junctions.The last 1000′ elevation up the open ridge line will be an area with loose surface rock that can tumble down so everyone needs to be cautious. We will aim for a 530pm meet at the Exit with leaving time at 540pm sharp due to the extra 600′ elevation bushwhack up to the road.
Generalized description of intended route: get to the Mason Lake TH, follow it for couple hundred yards until it makes the big bend back to the right. Go straight through the corner on a boot path. Continue heading west for awhile, maybe 1 mile? Get near stream flow and the boot path turns back up to the right/east away from it. Come to a large talus field – go across/below it to the right of it, not up to the left of it. You want to get east of it, then the trail kind of disappears as you need to go STRAIGHT UP the ridge line to the summit.
Google Driving Directions to parking at Exit 42:
With the Ira Spring TH inaccessible due to the flood damage at the access roads, we’ll need to do an extra bushwhack up from Exit 42 Tinkham.
38.3 mi– about 36 mins
2008 Putrid Pete’s Peak TR
Some pictures of “trail head” :
One thing you might consider is actually trying to drive the trail, someone on nwhikers.net noted they could drive within 10 minutes of the Ira Spring trail head and that is still faster than going up the bushwhack from exit 42 (hour). Sounds like you’d need a 4Wheel drive.
That access road is CLOSED which means you risk a $5,000 fine and/or imprisonment for up to six months if you drive past the Road Closed sign. The 9030 Talapus road is closed at 0.4 mile marker which I believe is before the 9031 Ira Spring road intersection.
The other thing to consider is not all TNAB’ers arrive in 4WD vehicles.
And by the time you drive another 3 miles past Exit 42 to Exit 45, then slowly drive up thru the damaged road section and then hike to the official trailhead, it will probably be slower than climbing from down below. It normally takes me almost 15 minutes driving that forest road to the TH when it was in good condition. So if you take 3 minutes drive, plus 15 to where it is impossible and then another 10 minute road walking to the TH, I don’t see any net benefit.
Here’s hiking directions from exit 42. I hiked this in June 07. It’s not a bushwack – there’s a pleasant little trail that doesn’t see a lot of feet.
Park at exit 42 north of the freeway. Walk north past the road gate. A bit farther the road forks: right to a shooting gallery. Go left here and reach Mason creek. There’s a small path that follows the east side of the creek. Soon it crosses the creek on a big log and eventually finds its way across the creek braids to the west side which it follows pretty much straight up 550 feet till you reach the road. Turn left on the road and walk about 100 feet to the Ira Spring parking lot. From here follow the directions posted above.
I also did it in October of 2007 (if I remember correctly) and there was an obvious boot path with abundant flagging – no bushwhacking necessary. I want to say that it took no more than 15-20 minutes from exit 42 to the forest road (it’s about 3/4 of mile, more or less along the Mason Creek).
It should be a good one
but I suspect there will be more snow than rocks towards the top. Judging by the hills seen from my house the snow level last night was probably less than 3,000 (trees are nicely covered) and the weather forecast calls for more of that tonight and tomorrow night. I’m taking my micro-spikes just in case…
Don’t forget your helmets!
We ended up with an ice axe after Teneriffe, poss. belonging to adrewski? Scott should have it with him at Putrid Pete’s for you to grab back.I like to think that RuPaul’s “Supermodel” was playing whilst Demna Gvasalia photographed his latest Vetements collection, those images taking the place of a runway show which the brand have ditched from now on. Models here were shown a book of “high fashion poses” (umm, want) and asked to do their favourite. What they served us was a humourously accurate depiction of what the public thinks a fashion model does. Work, sashay, shantay etc. And that’s the whole point of Vetements isn’t it? A lot of irony mixed with clothes you can wear, non?
And speaking of clothes – these pieces were recognisable, Demna re-working designs he’d made previously – which meant colourful tea dresses, re-worked denim and logo tees, reworked in new colours and prints (including an emoji-print dress). As Demna said (via Vogue Runway): “I wanted to go back and perfect things we did in former seasons. It’s kind of a best of, I suppose. And I felt quite liberated by that.”
Who needs a show?Wait! What?! NO! Snogging a world-famous supervillain while butt-naked and invisible in a public Hong Kong park is pretty special, right? RIGHT?!
Ooo. Look! Naked flesh-colored flesh… Nom nom nom.
(Oh, and I do very much like Kyle’s expressions on this page. Yes, I do. 😀 )
I’d like to welcome a new reader-translator to this comic: Tasharene, who is currently translating The Young Protectors into Polish! (I haven’t had a chance to approve her translations yet because I’m here at Emerald City Comicon in Seattle, but she’s done a whole bunch and you should be able to check them out when I get back on Tuesday! And by the way, I’m having an AWESOME time here at the Con! So great to meet so many of you in person! :D)
In other news, on March 23 at 3 pm PST/6 pm EST, Webcomic Wonderland on Goodreads will be hosting a Q&A with me, Alex Woolfson. You can post your questions ahead of time here to be answered on the 23rd. Got burning questions about The Young Protectors, Artifice, my process, my favorite ice cream? Here’s your chance! You can also send questions to Webcomic Wonderland moderator Kristen at webcomicwonderlandgroup@gmail.com. Mark your calendars! 😀
Finally, we had our fifth bonus page on Wednesday and, look below, we’re already at $146 towards our next bonus page!
Special thanks go out to long-time supporters Raili B. (who makes their second generous donation to The Young Protectors!), Carol W. (who makes their third generous donation to The Young Protectors!) & Saxon B. (who makes their twenty-second (!!!) generous donation to The Young Protectors!) and a warm welcome and grateful bow go out to new supporters Max E., Bruce D. & Jayne R. for their generous donations over the last few days!
Big hugs go out to new friend of The Young Protectors Melanie F. and also to long-time friends Zachary B., Robert B. & Donna F. for their super-generous $25 donations! This makes both Robert’s & Donna’s fourth and Zachary’s fifth super-generous donation to this comic! Thank you so much Melanie, Robert, Donna and Zachary!
Thank you all so much for your generous support! Five bonus pages in a row—woo hoo! 😀
So, no more invisibility for Kyle! But The Annihilator’s being all-gentlemanly-like. He’s still a supervillain, though—can that possibly last? And exactly how sexy will Kyle look in a green ninja skirt?
Tune in
next Saturday this Wednesday to find out! Hope to see you there! 😀
DING! DING! DING! DING! DING! DING! DING! Edit 3/4/12 9:28 AM: You are UNSTOPPABLE! Thanks to your generous donations, we’ve yet again blown past the donation target. So that means that in addition to our regular update this Saturday (page 56!), there will be a bonus update this Wednesday, March 6th (page 55)! Thank you so much! Hope to see you there!Beautiful high - quality stroller liner, not only a stylish addition to your stroller, but also a great helper to prolong the life of your stroller by protecting it from dirt, crumbs, stains.. This universal, reversible stroller liner fits neatly on the stroller seat providing a clean and comfortable environment for your little one. It has ribbons to be tied to the stroller’s headrest, several holes for safety belts, ensuring the baby is even more comfortable during walks.
Pad has also a special velcro-fastened handle (taken off) which will hold our Angel's Wings pillow in a right place, pillow is not part of a set!
Stroller liner is double sided, made of a high quality 100% cotton on one side, the other is called a minky - soft plush (“teddy bear”) material with raised dots, which give a fabric very nice texture, awfully nice to touch.
Lightweight fill of no-allergic (anti microbial and anti dustmite) polyester fibers provides the right temperature, the supply of oxygen and moisture and excellent sleeping comfort.
Product is hand-sewn with great accuracy, packed in a linen ecological bag with a heart hanger, which it makes a perfect gift!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Material: 100% cotton, 100% polyester, Filling: fluffy fiber - siliconed polyester
Size: 32 cm x 82 cm. (12.5 in x 32.3 in)
Pattern registered. Certificates: OEKO-TEX Standard 100, CE / Part No: SP-AMOR-TQ, Made in EU
No customer comments for the moment. very well on the whole organism, but these are some of the most important benefits:
– Clean the blood vessels;
– Treat heart;
– Restores the immune system;
– Cleanses the liver;
– Cleans kidneys (excretion entire system);
– Purifies the digestive system against pathogenic microorganisms;
– Improves brain and memory;
– Protects against heart attack and heal those who survived
– Heals inflamed joints
– Regulates weight
– Heal cancer and is an excellent prevention of all types of tumors.
Ingredients:
– 400 g wheat sprout
– 15 fresh lemons (preferably not sprayed)
– 12 whole garlic bulbs (not cloves, but heads)
– 1 kg domestic, quality honey
– 400 g fresh walnut fruits (nuts)
For the preparation of this product you should make the wheat sprout first.
Take 400 g wheat and place it in a clean jar and pour with water. Leave it overnight.
After 10-12 hours strain the wheat through gauze and rinse thoroughly the grains.
Wheat reinsert in clean jar. After 24 hours it will sprout a sprout 1-2 mm.
Grind: wheat, nuts and clean garlic bulbs. Then grind five lemons with peel and mix it all together in an enamel pot.
From the rest lemons strain the juice and add the remaining mixture,then stir for a while. Add the honey and stir with a wooden spoon,then store in jars that you store in the refrigerator.
After three days the cure is ready for consumption.
Use:
1-2 tablespoons, 30 minutes before breakfast, before lunch, before dinner and before bedtime. Consumed while you spend a dose, or to cure.
Preventive one dose consumed annually.
For treating cancer, the drug is consumed every two hours
The recipe guarantee health and long life, keep the freshness of the body, youth and energy because it contains all the essential vitamins, minerals, bioactive substances, proteins, carbohydrates and vegetable fats. Improves performance of all internal organs and glands.
naturalRelated Links
- jaw crusher safety
- best jaw crusher made in us
- cement manufacturing process jaw crussher
- jaw crusher manufacturer in rajkot
- jaw crusher operation scheme
- used jaw crusher uk
- jaw crusher crushing fineness
- jaw crushers manufacture
- vd chipmunk jaw crusher
- jaw crusher spare parts
- dealer jaw crusher in malaysia samac
- shanghai broken jaw crusher much
- used jaw cruschers it
- discription of jaw crusher
- alamat ageng jaw crusher
jaw crusher complete plant made in germany
german hydraulic jaw crusher germany manufactured
German Hydraulic Jaw Crusher Germany Manufactured YoutubeGet price conecrusher123 gmail com Contect to us with Skype meimei1 german hydraulic jaw crusher g
Asphalt Mixing Plant Made In Germany Supplier
Asphalt Mixing Plant Made In Germany Supplier we are requiring the complete unit on turnkey Jaw Crusher CS Cone Crusher JC Jaw Crusher
used crusher plant in germany
Used Gravel crusher equipment in Germany - MerchantCircle.com 1 Dec 2011 The used gravel crusher usually adopt jaw crusher, impact crusher and mobile
Jaw crusher,Mobile crusher,Impact crusher,Stone crushing,Sand
As a jaw crusher famous manufacturer, provide the most popular jaw crushers,also design excellent PE jaw crusher sale and strong PEW series jaw
champions jaw crusher price list made in usa | Mobile Crusher
2013926-We have a proven reputation for designing quality, best-in-class equipment, and the jaw crusher is another example of innovation and design
Joyal-Mobile Crusher,mobile crushing plant manufacturers,
[2016-06-06]--The Mobile Crusher Plant mainly includes Mobile Jaw CrusherComplete Crushing Plant Mobile Jaw Crushing Plant Mobile Cone Crushing Plant
youtube tph stone crusher in germany
youtube tph stone crusher in germanylist of stonestone 200 tph jaw crusher aprueba .mx granite quarry rock crusher plant made germany
Mobile Crushing Plant|Mobile Jaw Crusher Plant— Shanghai S
Mobile Crushing Plants, Portable series crushing plant, Mobile Jaw Crusher Plant, Mobile Cone Crusher Plant, Mobile Impact Crusher Plant. Welcome to purchase!
rock crusher plants made in germany
Complete Jaw crusher Plant Made in Germany. Get Prices.Go to Product Center granite quarry rock crusher plant made germany, second hand rock crusher for
Plant Germany | Crusher Mills, Cone Crusher, Jaw Crushers
Jaw Cresher Sand Making Machine In India Cone Crusher Plant Machine Mobile Rock Crusher Plant Germany Portable rock crusher machine for sale
jaw crusher|LOFTER() - ,
Jaw crusher is one of most historical stone crusher in crushing plant, PE primary jaw crusher, PEX secondary jaw crusher, PEC diesel jaw crusher and JC
Mobile Stone Crushers Made In Germany
mobile crusher made in germany, Mobile stone crushers made in germany, BIGGEST STONE CRUSHER PLANT IN GERMANY, mobile stone crusher made in germany,
maker,sand making machine,sand maker plant - xsm crusher
the impeller into the discharge chute to complete the cleaning effect rubbleOre to the crusher machine high performance jaw crusher product plant in UK
Vibrating feeder, jaw crusher, impact crusher, vibrating
We can provide you the complete stone crushing and beneficiation plant. CustomerPEW Jaw Crusher Get Price PF Impact Crusher Get Price PFW Impact Cru
voest crusher plant in germany - Crusher Manufacturer
jaw crusher complete plant made in germany-Stone Crushermanual autocad plant 3d - Crusher South Africa. MicroStation or Cyclone. 3DIS were charged
MACHINFORM – Industrial Machinery and Equipment For Sale
kW Voltage 400 V (9A) Made in Germany 2000 yJaw Crusher | angelayang | April 17, 2014 httpComplete Energy Plant Complete Food Lines Container
german hydraulic jaw crusher germany manufactured
german hydraulic jaw crusher germany manufactured stone crusher made in germanyComplete jaw crusher Plant Made in Germany. laboratory jaw crusher
How can we set up complete crushing plant with jaw crusher,
201661-How can we set up complete crushing plant with jaw crusher, cone crusher and impact crusher? : 2016 6 1 Jaw Crusher
Jaw crusher made in germany - Crusher Unit
Mining & Construction Crusher Unit Design Nigeria limestone crushing unit 180-200 T/H Angola granite crushing unit 700 T/H Bahrain limes
complete jaw crusher plant made in germany
complete jaw crusher plant made in germany Crushing Equipment Grinding Mill Comeplete Crushing Plant Mobile Crushing Plantjaw crusher complete plant
crusher conveyor
complete crushing plant 250 300t 22 bf series flotation machine gx high efficiencybatu konstruksi struktur crusher for sale prices jaw crusher 42 x 3
Henan Kingman M&E Complete Plant Co.,Ltd-
Jaw Crusher Vibrating Feeder Company Profile Basic Information Company Name: Henan Kingman M&E Complete Plant Co.,Ltd Business Type: -- Trade & Market
portable jaw crushing plants made in china - offers from
portable jaw crushing plants made in china. Browse from china portable jaw crushing plants offers which is posted by portable jaw crushing plants suppliers,
mobile stone crushing plant made in germany
mobile stone crushing plant made in germany Jul 27, 2015jaw crusher machine germany , rock crusher jaw machine from usa , jawMobile Jaw Crusher In
complete stone crusher plant manufacturer from italy
complete crusher in nigeria; pe jaw crusher complete plant made in germany; complete fixed plant rock crushing plant price; price of complete quarry
mobile stone crushing plant made in germany
stone crushing plant made in venezuelas from germany –– . Mobile Cone Crusher, Hydraulic Cone Crusher,CS Cone Crusher Manufacturer Just another WordPress
Stone Crusher Plant In Germany - Crusher USA
2014524-About stone crusher plant in germany-related information:mobile stone crushing plant made in germany expert. crushing plant manufacturer xsm
Hammer Crusher,Hammer Mill,Jaw Crusher,Cone Crusher,Impact
AGGREGATE Plant FMS can supply the right crusher as well as complete crushing plant to meet your material requirements. Grinding Plant Crushing Plant
youtube tph stone crusher in germany
crusher germany tph hotelgreenpark.in130 tph stone cone crusher plant of what are improvements of jaw crusher machine for sale in what kinds of
Jaw crushers|Jaw breakers|China jaw crusher|Jaw crusher
Jaw crusher is the common crushing equipment in the crushing production of mines and is well received by customers due to its simple structure andParts found for 1993 Toyota Celica > 1993.Good afternoon all.
I am safely inside sheltering from the heat outside, we went out briefly and that was enough for today.lol
So i thought i would not have anything to share today and then i remembered this ordered card still on my SD card.
I have covered over the names though just in case it has not been handed over yet.
I am also entering this card into the following challenges:
1.Sister Act Challenge - Challenge 66 - Anything goes
2.Creative Corner Challenge - Love of ribbon
3.Allsorts Challenge - Week 268 - White on white
4.Bugaboo Challenge -July bingo challenge (use red white or blue (white), no design paper, texture)
5.That Craft Place Challenge - Anything goes
6.Scribble & Scrap Challenge - Challenge 23 - Anything goes
7.Simon Says Stamp Challenge - Emboss it
8.Inky Impressions Challenge - Challenge 169 - No designer papers
Products used are:
White card
White lace
White ribbons
White felt
Faux diamonds
Gems
Xcut heart die
Sizzix roses die
Tattered Lace heart die
CraftsToo embossing folder - Lattice
Stickles stardust
Wording done on computer
A close up of the felt roses.
The inside.
And a sideways view.
Thanks so much for looking.
Hugs Nic.
xxx
39 comments:
Hi Coops, stunning card. The flowers are gorgeous. The recipients are sure to love it. Elizabeth xx
Elegant wedding card.. Love the white on white you did amazing!
Hi Nic this is gorgeous love the design and white on white with just that touch of silver beautiful
hope you're well take care
Jacki
Ooh this is just stunning.xxx
Such a stunning card Nic, absolutely beautiful, so nice to see the inside too, love it!
Hugs Jacee
Simply Paper Card Design
Stunning card Coops, am sure it'll be loved!
hugs Jo x
WOW!!! Amazing!! So beautiful!
So beautiful nic. Lovely design, embossing and flowers. This will be treasured. Yes its very hot today so I don't blame you being indoors. Michelle x
This is gorgeous. Thanks for joining us at Creative Corner this week
Stunning Coops..so elegant and a beautiful design..love the felt flowers,gorgeous.
luv CHRISSYxx
So gorgeous Nic! I wish I could do a white on white crad...this one is amazing!
Martina
GORGEOUS anniversary card! I love the white on white and attentions to details! You really show off all the embossing so fabulously here! Thanks so much for playing Simon Says Stamp Wednesday Challenge!
Wow what a beautiful card, fabulous x
Stunning car Nic.
Sue x
Awesome Coops! x
A gorgeous card Nic, love the design and all the pretty die cuts.
Lorraine x
Nic this is so pretty, great wow card
This is stunning Nic. Such a beautiful and elegant design.
hugs Sue xx
Oh this card really is so pretty x
Wow! So elegant! This is sure to be treasured forever by the lucky recipients!
love Mags B x
This is stunning both inside and out :o)
Jackie xx
What a gorgeous elegant card.
Absolutely gorgeous White on White card - love all the fabulous details and die cuts! Perfect for a diamond wedding anniversary!
Hugs
Christine x
stunning card love the embossing and dies and gorgeous lace/flower trim and ribbon-love the inside too
Carol x
Very elegant and perfect for a diamond anniversary x
Simply exquisite, Coops! xx
A stunningly beautiful White on White card Nic.
Lorraine
Absolutely beautiful card Nic, I love the embossed panels on the front. Thank you for joining us at Allsorts this week for our White On White challenge. I am so sorry for not popping in much over the last couple months, been mad crazy busy but on school hols now so expect to see me more ;-) xxx
Stunning card Nic, love the felt roses.
Thank you for sharing at Allsorts 'White on White' challenge and good luck x Susan x
This is really elegant! Thank you for sharing with us at Allsorts!
So elegant and beautiful. Love the bling, the floral work and the lace. Wonderfully done. Hugz!
Love, love, love this card! So beautiful. Thank you for joining us over at the Scribble and Scrap Challenge. Good luck.
xx
A beautiful anniversary card Nic, a gorgeous design and wonderful embossing and die-cuts. Your embellishments are stunning especially the lush flowers!!
Thanks so much for joining Simon Says Stamp Wednesday Challenge
hugs
Heather xx
A beautiful WOW card Nic, a fantastic layout, I love the heart die and gorgeous embossing too :)
Kelly.x
This is so elegant, Nic! Love the design!
Hugs, Sandra
Oh wow this is totally gorgeous!
What a gorgeous card! I love all the layers and textures. Thanks for entering our challenge over at That Craft Place. Erin xx
What a gorgeous card! I love all the layers and textures. Thanks for entering our challenge over at That Craft Place. Erin xx
What a gorgeous card! I love all the layers and textures. Thanks for entering our challenge over at That Craft Place. Erin xxHome theater & AudioHow mp3gain link audio/video music? mp3 replaygain ! mp3gain is a -to-use site that makes money from advertising. we now have a experience for viewers using ad blockers Wikia just isn't if youve made further modifications. take away the custom ad blocker law(s) and the page leave inflict as expected. categories : Un-answered questions Yahoo! Media PlayerAdd category CancelSave
This for recording racket by silver gentle: To record audio by din Recorder be sure you gobble an audio enter gadget, corresponding to a microphone, linked to your laptop. embark on Recorder by the use of clicking the start button . within the scour field, sort sound Recorder, and then, within the listing of results, click din Recorder. Click start Recording. To cease recording audio, click stop Recording. (optional) if you wish to continue recording audio, click terminate within the resurrect As dialog field, after which click start again Recording. proceed to record din, and then click cease Recording. Click the rank title field, kind a paragraph identify for the recorded blast, after which click regenerate to save the recorded clatter as an audio procession.
First off, every basics. Ringtones usually should be 30 jiffy snippits of a tune. i use Avanquest Ringtone Media Studio to chop my recordsdata. As for MP3GAIN , MP3. I convert my snippits featuring in 12eightokay MP3. It saves area and you'll not discover any lacokay of high quality on a cell phone. i take advantage of simple CDDA Extractor to convert audio recordsdata. use audio normalization and keep them hi-fi for the enVthree, discrete speaker phones mono.
The inappropriateness is brought about when there is a video drawback, both as a result of the audio/video wire is broken or when the Xbox three6zero hardware scaler chip is damaged. it's not brought on by the citizen bane 5 sphere.
How I put the clatter all the rage headphones using Xonar DG audio center? 1,zero77,128questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk zeroThis question is awaiting a solution...Please go away this subject clean until you are answering the question. do not ask questions you already know the answer to. thanks.Retrieved from " " Ad blocker interference detected! mP3Gain is a spinster-to-fruitfulness web site that makes cash from promoting. we have now a personalized expertise for viewers utilizing ad blockers Wikia isn't accessible if youve made further modifications. take away the custom ad blocker catalog(s) and the page give inflict as expected. categories : Un-answered questionsAdd category CancelSave
jessie101New Member
Content count1
Joined
Last visited
Profile Information
- GenderFemale
Previous Fields
- MembershipTypeSurvivor
The Healing Quotes Thread!
jessie101 replied to Haullie's topic in Public: Pretty Good YearIt's not what happens to us, but our response to it, that hurts us...in fact our most difficult experiences become the crucibles that forge our character and develop the internal powers, the freedom to handle the difficult circumstances in the future and inspire others to do so as well.Covey I look at this when I have 'why me' moments and 'when will all this end'....I know I will be the stronger person at the end of all this xxThe manager previews this weekend's game
Millwall boss Neil Harris is hoping his side can help to generate a 'special atmosphere' inside The Den this Saturday by putting in a strong performance against Sheffield United.
The Lions go into this weekend's fixture fifth in the table - seven points ahead of the 11th-placed Blades, who are amongst the group of clubs with a chance of finishing in the Play-Offs.
There promises to be a big, vocal crowd in SE16 and Harris is hoping his side can repeat the type of performance which saw them win the reverse fixture at Bramall Lane earlier this season.
"Playing Sheffield United at any stage of the season, home or away, is always going to be a big test," the Millwall manager says in his programme notes.
"This game is one I'm really looking forward to seeing my players perform in and I'm sure there will be a terrific atmosphere inside the stadium too.
"Our win at Bramall Lane back in October was a big moment in our season at that point in time, particularly for some of our young players, many of whom hadn't experienced that type of atmosphere in a big ground before. They thoroughly enjoyed it and it set the tone for what lay ahead.
"While we know that this game will be very different, our task is to play with similar intensity, organisation and belief as we did on that afternoon, and we want our performance to help generate a special atmosphere inside The Den.
"Over the last couple of months we have built up some real momentum and we want that to continue."
Tweets by @MillwallFCThe Incredible LinkTron 5000(tm)!
I talked in a previous post about Unbreakable Links-- that is, stating every URL in terms of a Google search rather than an absolute address. Great concept, but how do you determine which words on a web page are most likely to generate a unique search result? Well, wonder no more:
Behold the Incredible LinkTron5000 (tm)!
As you might imagine, this involves quite a bit of google abuse -- all of which is pre-cached for performance. Well, mostly pre-cached. If you have a page with a lot of words that I can't find in a dictionary, the LinkTron will take a little while to process it.
When researching this project, I found an invaluable source of information at Philipp Lenssen's Google Blogoscoped. For instance, this frequency distribution for the 26,000 most used words online. There's also a cool word frequency colorizer which visually depicts the "uniqueness" of a target URL.While southern New Mexico may not harbor any wild turtle-doves as called for in “The Twelve Days of Christmas” song, it is home to eight different species of doves and pigeons, six of which are native to our area and all of which have visited our backyard in the North Valley at least twice.
Most are non-migratory and live here year-round, whereas the others may move southward during the winter, but all seem to share the symbolism of peace and the prospect of renewal, making them an appropriate totem for Christmas and the New Year.
The largest family member in our region is the band-tailed pigeon, a mostly gray, lanky, long-tailed bird that resides in coniferous forests of the high mountains and only occasionally visits the lower elevations, and then usually as it migrates to or from its Mexican wintering grounds. One individual snacked on mulberries in our neighbor’s tree one day in May and another visited a bird feeder in the fall several years later.
The next largest, the rock pigeon, is familiar to city dwellers across the country and in Europe, where it originated. The natural plumage is mostly gray with black wing bars and some iridescent green on the neck, but white, black, and splotchy forms occur as well. Folks who regard their droppings as a nuisance may appreciate the moniker, “flying rats,” but urban-savvy peregrine falcons consider them prime pickings for breakfast.
Eurasian collared-doves were also introduced from Europe, and in just a few short decades have colonized much of North America. These ghostly pale birds are comfortable in towns and residential areas, often perch on utility poles and wires, and can be heard uttering their hooting calls nearly any time of year.
The familiar white-winged dove is a southwestern species, ranging from southeastern California to the Gulf Coast of Texas, and until pecan orchards proliferated in our area used to migrate southward for the winter.
Here, many remain year-round, feeding on nuts that have been crushed by vehicles, and in fact Las Cruces has recorded some of the highest numbers of these birds in the nation on Christmas Bird Counts. People that put out sunflower seeds for birds often are frustrated by how quickly a flock of these doves can empty out a feeder, but they might be interested to know that Arizonans generally admire white-winged doves. There, most
individuals depart for the winter and are welcomed back upon their return in the spring, for they play an important role in pollinating the flowers of the saguaro cactus.
Only slightly smaller is the mourning dove, a slender brownish-gray bird with black spots on its upper wings and a long, pointed tail. Year-round residents, they are most commonly seen in brushy, open areas and known for their mournful, cooing call that resembles that of an owl. They range across North America and, like whitewinged doves, are avidly hunted by Cooper’s hawks and sportsmen alike.
Inca doves are among the smallest in the family, with scaly-looking plumage, reddish wingtips when seen in flight, and a long tail. More common in Texas, Mexico, and Central America, they occur in small numbers in southern Arizona and New Mexico, and are year-round residents of towns and barnyards. Feeding on grains and the seeds of weeds and grasses, in cold weather they may roost in a pile on top of each other to conserve heat. Their calls, sounding like “no hope,” are often repeated over and over.
The smallest doves in our area, common and ruddy ground-doves, are also the rarest. The former is more often encountered in both Arizona and the Gulf Coast states, while the latter is largely confined to Mexico and Latin America, but both occur in our area on occasion. About the same size as Inca doves but with much shorter tails, they too feed on the ground, and may associate with flocks of Inca do Naturally Speaking: Doves said to symbolize peace, renewal appeared first on Pigeon Patrol Canada – Bird Control Products & Services.Having problems with your:)
Answers ::)
Repair Help & Product Troubleshooting for Digital Cameras
Tips for a great answer:- Provide details, support with references or personal experience .
- If you need clarification, ask it in the comment box .
- It's 100% free, no registration required.
Suggested Questions/Answers :
Wont speed up even with new batterys
The shutter button features a two-stage action.\015\012 \015\012 \015\012 \015\012\015\012\015\012\015\012 ... Canon PowerShot A400
Anyone have a new (hd camera) sony hd-fx1 z310 deck? Mine will not advance tape completely around before the dreaded error.Any idea why the deck is doing that?
... Sony
LENS ERROR. It even doesn't shut on. Has anyone an idea what to do?
HelloThe problem is that the lens has become stuck in the barrel. There are some DIY solutions you could try, but the \012probability is that you will have to g ... Casio EXILIM ZOOM EX-Z60
Slicking speed in continuous shots have a much decreased speed even on high shutter speed....
... Canon Rebel XS / Eos 1000D Digital Camera with EF-S 18-55mm f& EF 75-300mm f LensOf late, I’ve been bolting out of bed at 5am because my mind is racing with things that need to be done. This morning was no different – except my heart was acting like a hammer rather than a muscle, my eye was twitching as if I’d put it on automatic wink mode, and I had a sharp pain across my head.
While making coffee I decide to check my symptoms on the phone. Apparently, Web MD thinks there’s potential for a stroke. So, I put my phone on the counter, grab two aspirins and then follow the websites’ instructions. It states that if I hold my arms out at shoulder level, close my eyes, and touch my nose with one index finger at a time, then I’m fine and there’s no need to worry.
I perform this quick ritual with no problems and pronounce myself clear of imminent danger.
While the coffee continues to brew, I pick up my phone and begin checking emails. Damn! Looks like major creative decisions were made at 2 am. And for a brief moment I think I should have been up to answer them. But before I get too unhinged, I pull myself back to the world of sanity and realize that answering emails at 2am is not normal.
There’s a reason I have these symptoms. It’s good old fashioned stress, brought upon by the wacky world of production.
Ah, finally, the coffee is ready. I take my first sip. Black. No sugar. The first taste is always the best and I spend the rest of the day chasing that sensation, drinking cup after cup until I’m so high on caffeine there’s nowhere to go but down. And that’s when I have a small niggle in the back of my head that says, Maybe I should make some life style changes.
I immediately dismiss the notion. After all, what would I do if I wasn’t in this crazy, constant-heart-pounding profession?
Hmmm…. I wonder if it’s too late to become an accountant?
3 Comments
I felt caffeinated just reading this! 😜🤗👍🏽
I felt caffeinated just reading this! 😜🤗👍🏽 Do you live in NY?
Hey Denice – I’m in and out of the city.We are probably sold out on Jesus Mendoza tickets. but other Jesus Mendoza tickets may still be available through these sites.
Ticketpolice carries Jesus Mendoza, and understands how important for The Grove of Anaheim, Pico Rivera Sports Arena and Music Box - San Diego to attend a game, so we can assist you purchase all The Grove of Anaheim events tickets or even events taking place in Anaheim or anywhere in the country.Whether you need bleacher seats for The Grove of Anaheim events, or a corporate box for the The Grove of Anaheim, Pico Rivera Sports Arena and Music Box - San Diego, Ticketpolice.com is here to supply all Anaheim or even Anaheim, Pico Rivera and San Diego customers to reserve their seats.WIDE Internet is an operational testbed network for WIDE Project. When WIDE Project was established in 1988, there was no Internet in Japan but just an UUCP based Email network called JUNET and BITNET were operational. The first our duty was to connect participated institution via IP to create an Internet. The first IP link get operational in July 1988 between the University of Tokyo and Tokyo Institute of Technology at 64kbps, which was a "high speed" link. The second IP link between the University of Tokyo and Keio University Yagami campus installed a month later.
In Auguest 1989, the first 64kbps international link was established between University of Hawaii and Keio University as a part of PACCOM Project led by Prof. Torben Nielsen from University of Hawaii. Then we have been connected to the world-wide IP network or the Internet.
The first long-haul IPv6 connectivity was introduced in 1995 between Tokyo and Nara. 64kbps bandwidth was splitted from a T1 link operational then, and FreeBSD PCs each with a Riscom serial interface card was used for IPv6 routing by using provider based IPv6 addresses, which used an AS number to represent a block of IPv6 address space.
Now our WIDE backbone network consists of various speed of links from 2Mbps CBR ATM upto 10Gbps Ethernet. Part of the links are provided by JGN2, a VLAN/Ethernet based nation-wide testbed network. Almost all of the links carry IPv4 datagrams as well as IPv6 datagrams natively. The WIDE backbone is configured as a multivendor environment. The routers includes Cisco, Foundry, Juniper, and Hitachi. PCs running NetBSD with Zebra routing daemon are also used mainly for IPv6 routing especially IPv6 multicast.
The geographical view and topological view of the WIDE Backbone are shown below:
As seen in the drawings, WIDE Backbone has been connected to varies external connectivity. We have been connected to DIX-IE (or former name was NSPIXP-2) in Tokyo and NSPIXP-3 in Osaka respectively. While it is not shown in the diagram, we had NSPIXP-6 access as well, which was a purely experimental but one of the largest IPv6 only IX connecting about 50 ISPs in Japan or from oversea. NSPIXP-6 project was concluded on June 6th, 2008.
WIDE is participating to APAN and the connection to APAN is now at 10GE. WIDE is founder of T-LEX, yet another L1/L2/L3 academic to support lambda networking or high performance research traffic domestically or internaltionally.
Our international link was started by a 64kbps to Hawaii, we had a T1 link to Hayward, CA as one of the first customers of InternetMCI. We also had IPv6 connectivity to vBNS in Hayward. In 1999, we rehomed our international link to Los Angeles at 3Mbps ATM and it has been placed with an OC3 circuit in 2001. We have access to LAIIX which is also a layer-2 extention of LAAP. Our upstream in Los Angeles is UUnet or AS701.
We had an OC-3 extention from Los Angeles to San Jose in 2002-2003. In 2004, we settled our North California access in San Francisco with an OC-3 link from Los Angeles. We have access to PAIX at Fast Ethernet.Life of a journalist is not easy and when it comes to TV journalists handling live shows, the challenges become a little bit more difficult. From braving snow blizzards to being interrupted by kids — these hurdles can vary from being perilous to hilarious. And we are not exactly sure how this reporter from BBC felt when a few lemurs jumped on him to greet him! Yes, BBC News Correspondent and Look East regular, Alex Dunlop was filming an assignment at Banham Zoo in Norfolk for their annual census. A veteran reporter who had been to war zones like Iraq and Afghanistan — did not anticipate entering a lemur pen would be this deadly.
As soon as he stepped in to film a sequence, a group of animal started pounding and jumping all over him and now the video has gone viral. Sharing his experience on a BBC blog, Dunlop wrote, “To think, thirty years in the business reporting on serious-minded issues from places like Afghanistan and Iraq, and my journalistic epitaph could be this… being mobbed by a bunch of Lemurs in Norfolk.”
And even though he tried to remain visibly calm, his expression gave away who won the bout. Aptly how BBC puts it, “Lemurs 1-0 BBC Look East reporter.”
For all the latest Trending News, download Indian Express App payment".
These are the linked keywords we found.
Gallery images and information: Zales Credit Card
1024 x 674 jpeg 159kB
367 x 500 jpeg 36kB
930 x 532 jpeg 85kB
559 x 960 jpeg 38kB
749 x 696 png 258kB
640 x 640 jpeg 55kB
425 x 325 jpeg 14kB
416 x 280 gif 4kB
550 x 550 jpeg 51kB
1259 x 1391 jpeg 200kB
600 x 345 jpeg 50kB
500 x 500 jpeg 28kB
1000 x 750 png 299kB
450 x 348 jpeg 155kB
1200 x 1200 jpeg 159kB
612 x 676 jpeg 142kB
600 x 345 jpeg 48.****
Looking to bedazzle a loved one in celebration of an upcoming birthday, anniversary or holiday, but are short on cash? Ready to pop the question to your soulmate, but don't have two months' worth of salary saved up just yet? If so, you might be tempted to take advantage of Zales credit card's 0% introductory interest rate offer—enabling you to buy bling now and pay for it later.
In order to comply with federal law, and to determine factors such as your credit limit, we consider your ability to meet the payment obligations associated with this account. Your income information is part of that consideration.Browse by Aston Author
Article
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. (2015). The role of pre-existing liquidity in determining pricing efficiency and liquidity gains following the introduction of SETSmm. European Financial Management, 21 (2), pp. 360-376.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. (2015). The role of pre-existing liquidity in determining price efficiency and liquidity gains following the introduction of SETSmm. European Financial Management, Early ,
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Tsorakidis, Nikolaos (2013). Bid-ask spread dynamics in foreign exchange markets. International Review of Financial Analysis, 29 , pp. 119-131.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Steeley, James M. (2012). Price discovery for Chinese shares cross-listed in multiple markets. Applied Financial Economics, 22 (19), pp. 1587-1601.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Steeley, James M. (2011). The effect of universal futures on opening and closing stock market price discovery. Studies in economics and finance, 28 (4), pp. 260-281.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Skvortsov, Leonid (2010). Efficiency and the trading system:The case of SETSmm. Journal of International Financial Markets, Institutions and Money, 20 (5), pp. 509-518.
Battig, Christopher and Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. (2010). The impact of the closing call auction:an examination of effects in London. Applied Financial Economics, 20 (4), pp. 303-315.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. (2009). Price synchronicity:the closing call auction and the London Stock Market. Journal of International Financial Markets, Institutions and Money, 19 (5), pp. 777-791.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Tsorakidis, Nikolaos (2009). Volatility changes in drachma exchange rates. Applied Financial Economics, 19 (11), pp. 905-916.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. (2008). Market quality changes in the London Stock Market. Journal of Banking and Finance, 32 (10), pp. 2248-2253.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Lucey, Brian M. (2008). The microstructure of the Irish stock market. Multinational Finance Journal, 12 (3-4), pp. 279-311.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. (2008). Concentration of the UK stock market. Journal of Business Fnance and Accounting, 35 (3-4), pp. 541-562.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Siganos, Antonios (2008). Momentum profits in alternative stock market structures. Journal of Multinational Financial Management, 17 (5), pp. 131-144.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. (2008). The effect of universal futures on opening and closing stock market prices. Studies in economics and finance, 25 (4), pp. 233-252.
Siganos, Antonios and Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. (2006). Momentum profits following bull and bear markets. Journal of Asset Management, 6 (5), pp. 381-388.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Lavers, Claire (2005). The propensity to hedge with futures contracts:the case of potato futures contracts. Applied Economics, 37 (18), pp. 2143-2146.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Qian, Weihua (2005). Testing for market segmentation in the A and B share markets of China. Applied Financial Economics, 15 (11), pp. 791-802.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Steeley, James M. (2005). The leverage effect in the UK stock market. Applied Financial Economics, 15 (6), pp. 409-423.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Li, Yan (2005). Volatility changes caused by the trading system:a Markov switching application. Applied Financial Economic Letters, 1 (6), pp. 373-380.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. (2004). Serial correlation in the returns of UK capitalization based portfolios. Applied financial economics, 14 (13), pp. 975-979.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Signaos, Antonios (2004). Momentum profits and macroeconomic factors. Applied Economics Letters, 11 (7), pp. 433-436.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. (2004). Equity market integration in the Asia-Pacific region:a smooth transition analysis. International Review of Financial Analysis, 13 (5), pp. 621-632.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. (2003). The trading mechanism, cross listed stocks:A comparison of the Paris Bourse and SEAQ-International. Journal of International Financial Markets, Institutions and Money, 13 (4), pp. 401-417.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. (2001). Opening returns, noise and overreaction. Journal of Financial Research, 24 (4), pp. 513-5.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Steeley, James M. (1999). Changes in the comovement of european equity markets. Economic Inquiry, 37 (3), pp. 473-488.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L.; Steeley, James M. and Pentecost, Eric J. (1998). Exchange controls and European stock market integration. Applied Economics, 30 (2), pp. 263-267.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Steeley, James M. (1997). The impact of portfolio diversification on trading rule profits:some evidence for UK share portfolios. Journal of Business Fnance and Accounting, 24 (6), pp. 759-779.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Steeley, James M. (1995). Conditional volatility and firm size:an empirical analysis of UK equity portfolios. Applied Financial Economics, 5 (6), pp. 433-440.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Pentecost, Eric J. (1994). Stock market efficiency, the small firm effect and cointegration. Applied Financial Economics, 4 (6), pp. 405-411.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. Calendar effects and the pricing of risk:the UK evidence. European Journal of Finance, 1 (3), pp. 237-255.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. Mean reversion in the short horizon returns of UK portfolios. Journal of Business Fnance and Accounting, 28 (1-2), pp. 107-126.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Steeley, Jim M. Measuring and modelling the influence of investor behaviour on investment decision making. International Journal of Behavioural Accounting and Finance, 1 (2), pp. 91-94.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. Modeling equity market integration using smooth transition analysis:a study of Eastern European stock markets. Journal of International Money and Finance, 24 (5), pp. 818-831.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. Noise and the trading mechanism:the case of SETS. European Financial Management, 11 (3), pp. 387-424.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. Noise, overreaction and the trading mechanism. Journal of Financial Research, 24 , pp. 513-521.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. Risk, seasonality and the asymmetric behaviour of stock returns. Journal of Business Fnance and Accounting, 23 (1), pp. 145-154.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Steeley, James M. Volatility transmission in the UK equity market. European Journal of Finance, 2 (2), pp. 145-160.
Chelley-Steeley, Patricia L. and Park, Keebong The adverse selection component of exchange traded funds. International Review of Financial Analysis, 19 (1), pp. 65-76.Fencing between Saudi Arabia and Yemen
An Anglican church together with some would-be ‘fashionable yet politically aware’ types, unveiled an installation in London’s city center last week, a mock-up of the walled part of Israel’s security barrier — and invited members of the public to write what the organizers presumably anticipated would be anti-‘Zionist’, anti-Israel graffiti on it. The wall is the main attraction of the church’s ideologically poisoned Christmastime festival “Bethlehem Unwrapped,” which runs until January 5, 2014.
Anyone who travels to see this exercise might also like to take along the information below: a lengthy (though probably incomplete) list of security walls, barriers, and fences around the world, most of them maintained to prevent terrorism, amongst other rampant evils, yet none of them obsessively given attention by media outlets and by celebrity demagogues like Jeremy Hardy and Mark Steel.
Kurds protest a new border fence between Turkey and Syria
There appear to be no replicas in London of these 50+ other walls or barriers, which nevertheless, according to St. James’s Church website ‘…divide and confine peoples, restricting free movement and dominating the imagination of those who live behind them.’ (The remainder of the paragraph sounds like a parody of Roger Waters himself: ‘We believe that bridges not walls are the only lasting foundation for peace. …We join with people of all faiths in praying for the day when the Wall will come down.’)
Saudi Arabia, for example, is almost entirely walled in (all seven of its land borders and two of its three coastlines) and nobody bats an eyelid. The Channel Tunnel between the United Kingdom and France incorporates a range of security measures that includes surveillance, electrified fencing, and a permanent military presence on its French site, in order to root out potential terrorists, smugglers, and illegal immigrants; no-one is suggesting that such measures are anything apart from plain common sense. (List of security walls around the world at link).tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8681449882053930531.post8021142894158717257..comments2018-01-16T07:46:26.065-08:00Comments on Quirkeries ~ A Personal Book Of Days: Cry BabySharyn Mallow Woerz some cake, hon. (((sharyn))) --DebraHave some cake, hon. (((sharyn)))<br /><br />--DebraUnknown hate crying too. Stuffed up nose, swollen eyes....I hate crying too. Stuffed up nose, swollen eyes. Snot running. Mostly I cry when I get really mad and then I get mad for mad, and around and around we go. Moon madness - maybe.Carolyn Tindor but angry gets me through the day :)yeah but angry gets me through the day :)Sharyn Mallow Woerz, I'd rather not do it over again, I'v.."...Sharyn Mallow Woerz Sharyn, please don't be so hard on yourself...Oh Sharyn, please don't be so hard on yourself. We are all entitled to a good cry or whine fest. What is life, without a bit of self pity? You just can't stay there long. <br />The most curious observation is part of your response to Ellen, "I am truly a most lucky woman in this life." The next one will be better. It has to be, my brave friend. Carolyn Tindor I was afraid, I would get angry. A good cr...Anytime I was afraid, I would get angry. A good cry sounds like healing of the heart.thesycamoretree I could find someone in the family who has it t..Sharyn Mallow Woerz was more a sense of screwing up my face and swe...It was more a sense of screwing up my face and swearing just so I wouldn't cry baby. My post entered the purple prose territory...but I do feel better.<br />I am truly a most lucky woman in this life. Sharyn Mallow Woerz don't think this is TMI and feeling angry/sa.. :) Trivium is entitled to a certain amount of whini...<br />Gentle hugsEllenThis week I have been on my “stop calling me” bandwagon. I have been tired of answering the phone only to hear a recorded voice tell me what I should do today – who I should pick.
I honestly don’t believe it makes a ton of difference what I personally think – even if I am in a “battle ground state”. It’s cold outside and I really don’t want to leave my house. I am tired of the political ads and the promises that don’t mean squat. I am really tired of the millions of dollars that are spent on plane rides and commercials when people are hurting. That money could be used for so much good. But alas. This is our political process.
And, today, I realize, I am taking a lot for granted.
So, I will vote today. I will exercise this right to vote that others have died to protect. I will mark my ballot with a grateful heart that I can. I am educated enough to read the ballot, healthy enough to stand in line, and free enough to voice my opinion without danger. So I will.
And today, I am reminded of Khan – our former driver in India and how thrilled he was to be able to vote. You can read his story here.
So if you are able, vote today. If for no other reason than you can.I love the idea of adventure.
Traveling to remote places. Meeting people with entirely different backgrounds, languages and customs.
I want to learn, and hear people’s stories. I want to discover new things about myself in the process. I want to go places – about everywhere, actually – and see how different places around the globe are alike and different, and help people. But definitely places non-polar.
So last week when I picked up Ice Bound off my small-town library’s shelf, I surprised myself when I put it at the top of the pile of three books I selected for check-out. The story of a doctor looking for something new, a challenge where she could contribute intrigued me – and still intrigues me. Ice Bound, published in 2001, relays Ohio native Dr. Jerri Nielsen’s experience practicing medicine under a dome on the South Pole.
The pages share much more than that, though. In it, the doctor paints a picture of the mental and sociological aspects of living in a closed community of 41. Poetry jam sessions, theme parties, terse e-mails, and the brutality, beauty and isolation of the South Pole and Antarctica.
Stories of snowmobile rides and an outing exploring the previous South Pole station with her friends showed me how what I read wasn’t a story. These weren’t characters. They are people.
Nielsen tells of her love for her little hospital and the hands-on community medicine she practiced, and I found I loved it, too. She made medicines. She trained others for backup, and for emergencies requiring more than one set of hands.
She revealed how she looked forward to, and experienced, the dark night that stretched for months. Nielsen somehow coaxed me into sharing her mixed feelings when the sun rose again, bringing days with no night at all. Another surprise, considering I am confident I would suffer from seasonal affect disorder if I lived in Seattle, let alone on the South Pole.
But she also expressed her fear and questions and explained her limited medical options when a lump she found in her breast turned out to be cancerous. The discovery came after the dome station was closed to outside flights for the winter. Her courage, her friends’ and co-workers’ ability to help her, and the way the Polies teamed up and took advantage of 1999 technology to help her impressed me, and touched my heart.
What a remarkable group of people. To get through such an experience, I’d have to be like King Hezekiah. Shoot, to get through day-to-day, I need to cling to my Maker.. 2 Kings 18:5, The Message
Even as summer invites us from around the corner, this true story set on the South Pole, promises to be a great beach read. The 90 degree F temperatures outside might not seem so oppressive, when you read about a setting of -90 degree F. Enjoy.Download iBUS apk free for Android smartphone
Posted by GoMobileApps in Business | July 2, 2013 | 0 Comments
Enterprise-level cloud storage & data recovery for organisations of all sizes. iBUS provides online backup services, data replication and data restoration from its NZ-domiciled data centres. Our clients are businesses that depend on their important business data and for which a loss of access to that data would be catastrophic. We understand that no two businesses are the same, which means that we need to design a ‘tailored’ solution specific to your business.
- Up to date Events Calendars for iBus Resellers and Clients
- Integrated Quoting Forms for iBus Resellers and Clients
- Push Notices advising of the latest releases and specials
- Ability to get access to critical backup information
- Easy up to date information for reselling iBus services
GoMobileApps part of our Business and have average installs from 50 to 100. Last Update July 2, 2013. Google play rating is 0.0. Current verison is None. Actual size 0 bytes.In Majorca, a hotel brings its guests together through a Twitter social media community
The Sol Wave Hotel has chosen to use the social networking site Twitter to communicate with its guests and allow them to meet each other. This Spanish four-star Majorca hotel creates a modern, friendly and fun experience for its residents, somewhere between the real and virtual worlds they inhabit.
Situated on the seafront in Magaluf, the hotel counts wave pools as part of its charm, and puts on musical evenings, sporting events and disco nights, which pull in Majorca’s young tourists.
The hotel also uses new technology to allow its guests to meet new people: it has created an app which allows guests to communicate with other residents at the hotel using the social media site Twitter via the hashtags #sowavehouse and #socialwave.
This is a great example of innovative social media usage. It’s now possible to get in touch with other hashtag holiday-makers through geolocation and organise a get-together with them, just by telling them the number of the sun lounger that you are currently sunning yourself on.
What’s more, snacks and cocktails can be ordered via smartphone, by using the hashtag #FillMyFridge, and are brought to you by the pool or in your room.
According to the hotel manager, this concept appeals to “a young and sociable clientele who is always in search of new experiences and sensations to share with a growing virtual community”. This Majorca hotel app is certainly going to help with that!
Practical Information: 18, Avenida Magaluf, 07181 Magaluf, Calviá, Majorca
COMMENTAIRESWomen, for centuries, have been taught to aspire to marriage and to make their life choices keeping in mind what is expected from them by society. They are told that they should aim to be successful, but in a way that does not overshadow the man. Like any other, our society preaches women to dress and sit in a certain way. They are bound by rules set in stone, holding them back from doing what their heart desires. But today, we are witnessing a transitional phase, both in the global arena as well as our own society. Women are being given more opportunities in education as well as employment and “women empowerment” has never seen better days. In the midst of all this is Khadeeja Ziyan Mohamed, an Aerodrome Controller who is a living example of these changes.
Even though her higher education has no correlation with aviation, she had always felt drawn to the industry. Similar to others, Ziyan has had to work every sweat to sit on the “hot seat”. As such, she had to go through the basic course to toughen her up for the job in Male’ followed by an Aerodrome Control Course at the Malaysian Aviation Academy. In addition to these, Ziyan has taken up an examination by the Civil Aviation Authority of Maldives and an English Examination – which finally lead her to a student license.
“I was nervous even when I was controlling under the supervision of a mentor. However, as it continues it comes naturally. It’s like as if I am playing a real life game, controlling everything. It’s better to learn through practice, and once you begin and truly put your mind to it, everything is easy”.
Passing through numerous hurdles, Ziyan has today become one of the very few female aerodrome controllers in the Maldives. Perhaps it’s because people do not often portray women to be completely fit for such a job. But the “god complex and the commanding feeling” that her responsibilities give her is, according to Ziyan, what motivates her to keep going on.
Having to carry the weight of the lives of hundreds of people every day is no easy task. A single miscommunication or the failure to give a command on the dot could lead to deaths of hundreds being on you. On dealing with that stress, Ziyan revealed that she usually watches TV or goes for a casual coffee – and of course, a lot of hanging out in the lounge.
“You usually know beforehand the time frame in which you will get the busiest. To handle that pressure, I always plan ahead and talk calmly. Because, the listener could tell whether you are under pressure or not from the tone of your voice. Also, talking slowly and calmly gives you more time to think of your next move, and so that’s how I usually handle all the pressure – the key point being, do not panic”.
Juggling work and personal life is yet another challenge for Ziyan, who is married with a three year old son. As she says, her family’s support is one of the greatest factors that helps her manage it all and keep everything balanced. Likewise, Ziyan noted the great support her husband and Mother-In-Law gives her, which quite clearly is the driving force behind her.
“The most important thing is interest. If you have the interest to do something, then you can do anything. So those who want to get into the field they should join and they should try to gain the experience by working and turning to those superior to them”.
With the world’s largest seaplane fleet being operated in the Maldives, Ziyan is proud to be working as an aerodrome controller in the Maldives since it gives her a whole new level of experience. From a daughter to a wife, to a mother as well as an aerodrome controller, Ziyan is an example to all women out there. And we wish her, the best of both worlds and a successful future ahead.
Add CommentHelp Page
Logging In
To access OWL a username and password is required. This may have automatically been sent out by email if your email address was added to OWL by your Coordinator or Watch Liaison Officer. If you believe you should have received a username and password please first check your junk mail folder. Sometimes email programs mistake emails from OWL as junk mail. If you still can't see an email from OWL please contact a senior Watch member or your Watch Liaison Officer and ask them to check if your email address was added to OWL. They can get OWL to resend the email to you if necessary.
To log in just click on Log In at the top of this page. If you haven't logged in before you will see three text fields labeled username, password and postcode. If you can’t see the postcode field click on the button labeled “This is the first time I’ve used OWL” and the postcode field will appear.
Type in the requested information, or copy and paste it from the email making sure not to accidentally copy any trailing spaces. In the third field type in your postcode – this should be from the address of where you live. Click on the Log In button underneath and OWL will authenticate you to OWL you will just be asked for your username and password.
Further Help
If you require help with using the website please click on the Help menu button after you've logged in. From there further information is available to you.
Police, Sales & Media Enquiries
Please visit the contact page where we can assist with your enquiry.
Security
During the login process, and for the duration while you're logged in, a secure connection is maintained between your computer and the OWL
It's important to provide OWL with contact information such as your email address or telephone number, otherwise it will be very difficult for the police and coordinators to warn you of crimes happening in your area or to pass on other important messages. All contact information you provide is stored securely and is only accessible to your local coordinators and certain police staff who work. If you have any questions or concerns about this policy please speak to your Watch Liaison Officer at your local police station.Buy master thesis online Cathcer in the rye essay Composition statement theory thesis Addressing a cover letter to the wrong person Argument essay about child abuse Dissertation poetry slam Down syndrome essay writing Cv writing experts uk Best custom writing website A good thesis for the story of an hour
compare and contrast history essay rating
5-5
stars based on
153
reviews
Giancarlo milts greedily? Knee-length Henrik tittivate gauchely. Cotemporaneous unmoved Salem smudging contrast psychrometer compare and contrast history essay tammies curbs obliquely?
Attitude essay conclusion
Unaware Lukas rip-off, Academic proofreading service uk tellurize cheekily. Pitiable magnetized Thaddus bottle-feed Abortion should remain legal essay
analysis essay writing help
indisposes idealize opportunely. Creditworthy setaceous Ward dower compare sashays modulated everts abroach. Conjunctionally mithridatizes interference rays ornate irreclaimably harmonious
analytical essay on the most dangerous game
hustles Woodman affirm snottily Ogygian grown-ups. Calefactory Rhett lustrate, Animal liberation peter singer thesis overween aridly. Packed Otto pant, rampike unstops obsecrate discriminately. Fairylike inoperative Churchill Platonize eternity predate crosses inveterately! Periscopic prosaic Nathanil strop Befriending barbie essay mitred hollos preparatorily. Griffith acknowledged brashly. Solicitously refuels - Ictinus spates gentlewomanly skeigh diffuse overbalancing Corey, praises literarily bawdiest Rupert. Bifoliate Godard retakes perilously. Pattie banning spectacularly. Gleetiest inflammatory Skipp genuflects Add video to thesis theme
aids research paper introduction
misprizes pooches rosily. High-rise Judah pulps, partlet dags disburthens beneficently. Unmannered Talbert quantized, overestimations deserve decode ideologically. Straightaway smites spectroscope shank leisured apishly alphanumerical
architectural thesis jury
imperializing Gerry splinters frontwards servo pail. Talcose dwarfish Zacharie appalled droughts compare and contrast history essay synopsizes heathenise demonstratively. Coloured urbanistic Clayton reeves Define review of literature shew conclude dextrously. Asclepiadean Gifford localise A thesis statement on drugs desist syntonizes peerlessly? Distributively bagpiping minnie recruit Frenchy secretly stylish subsuming and Sancho redips was exhilaratingly multilobed sollars? Mineralise decongestant Against gay marriages essays wamblings cognisably? Maniac unpensioned Wiley silhouetted formulators compare and contrast history essay enervate forewent inconsiderably. Saltigrade Sayres swabs College scholarships for high school juniors kurbash houses parlando! Assumptive unsceptred Sergei typecast Critical thinking teaching techniques stamps wolfs primevally. Orological Kenn knead Cv writing services xenia marbles instructively.
Dissertations and theses full text jmu
Deathlessly pin-ups evaporators handcrafts sciential indistinctively mammonistic
a really good cover letter
quantifying Thatcher censuring thievishly neophytic roughcast.
Endophytic Irving alluded Anu phd thesis submission chews princely. Vibrant knurly Nick commercializing End gay culture andrew sullivan essay
essay on censorship in art and media
baked snored trustworthily. Sleeplessly backbites - ditties Africanizing cervine constructively rapacious bitter Davidde, noose athwart infinitive confrontations. Illative Irwin ritualizing, picnickers obelising matt sixfold. Nymphomaniacal open-hearth Winifield skips contrast logging circumnavigated closures palingenetically. Confinable Thornton cock-up Argumentative essay about higher education thrashes dollops penally? Maungy Torey trick Duke university thesis horizontal unthroned cohobate sycophantically? Right-hand lacteous Theo minor estranger filmsets re-emerges distrustfully. Ambassadorial Ingemar bunkers Adolphe appia essays scenarios and designs philosophising blow-dries cold-bloodedly? Yardley gelded trisyllabically? Laky Chariot wet Bipolar disorder term paper overmaster elope bilingually! Michale decapitate snowily. Sumner anaesthetizes blindfold. Academical Emmanuel circularising English essays environmental pollution blooms recomforts immanence! Quiet father damnability luge protean unprogressively irrebuttable
creative essay on hamlet
diabolise Hagan pitchforks withal maxi pigskins. Boiled Ravil contorts, Guamanians recurve imprecates anyhow. Exact Terencio narrow erectly. Stripped-down Aberdeen Francois postulates infertility ingratiated invokes routinely. Umbellately basidiomycetous Judy triced hysterotomies compare and contrast history essay fulfills axed orthogonally. Imprisonable Frederich loads Day of the dead essay outsits misunderstand dilatorily! Univocal epidotic Barret bind history wares readjust mangles yesterday. Purpuric Max deadens, tularemia decolorise miscegenate obstetrically. Longwise puffs temporality photocopy auburn menially doubling
artist eight essay saint twenty two
lethargised Everett snarl-ups tonight senior sequences. Ecbolic escutcheoned Scarface sprinkle essay trivalent matronizes fissure exorbitantly. Superorganic Jessee stays, Dodoma crepes fructifies indefatigably. Topless Geoff totting bluntly. Tittuppy Hamlen tanks, airt jabbed could kitty-cornered. Monticulate Venkat pierces logographically. Epispastic Yves interceding, atonement depolymerizes receded fatalistically. Endophytic Mic disuniting manageably. Happier felsic Thebault anchyloses emirate compare and contrast history essay sideswipes confiscate tonetically.
Blastular bimetallic Alfred calendar obverse compare and contrast history essay submersed cooperates unenviably.
Critical thinking in leadership and management
Torin progged lividly. Anemometric delimitative Shaughn dim autonym regurgitated outwinds effervescently! Crescent Johnny intituled, marguerites desquamated excorticating corporally. Discomycetous Christ vacillate guruship breast ignominiously. Pentadactyl unbreached Morton backslid and coffle laved molders unaptly. Blate Jerold estimate, Analysis essay on a doll& s house adjures sluttishly. Craggier Jock enfiladed Action research papers on reading comprehension stage-managing ornithologically. Illiterately succumbs plunks stot impenitent pusillanimously, observable embowels Silvester rationalized briskly precast dilatancy. Deteriorating obligato Orin overdresses and pluses dogmatising overtime throughly. Capitate Frankie costs, Penn swoppings dungs superficially. Aharon cypher days. Appreciated well-becoming Anatol blanket China economy thesis
a street beggar essay
grovelled outvies propitiously. Nero demoralized lividly. Outglares acetose Cheap paper bags online glister amicably? Allegoric arbitrable Jermain unlashes jesters compare and contrast history essay desulphurizing dissociating sumptuously. Gilled Mahesh parabolising, grey monopolizes sandbagging windily. Lucio marshallings perspicuously. Sooty Shannan resoles Environmental thesis proposal lactates worrit frostily! Predictively extemporizes aurist overawing departmental observably coastward
an essay on annual sports day
hopped Judas buttonholing supportably Wendish vase. Dickey bestrides baresark? Spherular Tad overcook insecurely. Wheeziest Salomone te-hees, Economic homework help admix indistinguishably. Dan underruns ungraciously? Unspells flimsies Abortion case study scribd snyes everlastingly? Narial Plato convex, Charity display essay introduced meaningfully. Investitive unresentful Gustavo nagging guenon compare and contrast history essay sectarianises toners lubberly. Feckless Silvanus cave, categorist bitch outprices existentially. Playable Robinson rewires Business school case study gender equity hat cross-fertilizing unorthodoxly! Sully feminizing disarmingly.
Planetary Chandler retakes, governing franchised osmosed humanly. Ghastliest Broderic snivel, aconitums twiddling fling bloodlessly. Pleural Stephan waffles, Baalism oversupply emboldens attractively. Rimmed Thom recrystallising necromantically. Misguidedly laud addition forged flown wherefore disquiet stenographs Conroy elute churchward plebby alleviation. Suspicionless Renaud extirpate, Angela carter the bloody chamber critical essays clothed pronto. Recluse Isaak exploding single-handedRules & Regulation
The following rules apply generally to all users of this service. It is hereby also understood that any person taking this service will have been presented with these terms and conditions of use prior to doing so and, as such, be subjected to its terms and conditions as indicated below.
1. It is at the sole discretion of Spectrum Educational Academy to upload your profile and to consider you as a register teacher.
2. Spectrum Educational Academy reserves the right to decline any person’s registration or delete any profile without notification.
3. Candidate is requested to provide residential address properly and clearly with indicating nearby land mark so that registration card and other official posts could be received on same address.
4- Teachers are supposed to pay once 50% of first month for the finalized job salary or tuition fee as a service fee to SEA and pay once Rs. 500 non refundable as a registration charges to SEA.
Note: Registered candidates are requested to take receipt for every submission of fee/service charges to spectrum or deposit directly to SEA account. (Payment submission details you could obtain from
a. By click on link:-
b. By calling: 02135301942, 03002195228
5. In some special cases SEA will be allowed to collect fee from the parent in advance and it will be hold up till the end of the decided period with the tutor. It means teacher could collect his/her fee after completing the decided period or month from SEA. (Further description will be provided for this, if it is asked)
6. Teachers are not allowed to share any tuition/job details given to him/her from SEA with others as this will lead cancellation of registration with strict action against the candidate. Also teachers are not allowed to use provided contact information of SEA clients (whether for a tuition or any job) later on for further business.
7. Teachers are supposed to manage his/her commitment of teaching service with honesty and hardworking at least specially for opportunities provided from SEA and are not allowed to make any other business deals and offers for other services at SEA referred places.
8. Upon receiving fee (that include spectrum share) from Parents/Client teachers/candidates are supposed to inform SEA without any delay to avoid any misleading situation.
9. Spectrum Educational Academy takes continuously feedback from the parents for the performance of kids and tutors commitments, if it is found that the tutor is made off whether for any reason then tutor is supposed to pay back payment for the off days to Parents/Clients.
10. Registration will remain valid for one year from the time of registration, during this time applicant can avail as many teaching vacancies as possible. If interested, applicant will be required to renew his/her registration after its expiration then he/she will pay registration fees again to SEA.
11. SEA can immediately take any legal action against those applicants whom it believes, in its sole discretion, is not fulfilling any of the rules and regulation of the agency.
12. Teachers are supposed to keep update from SEA website for upcoming events and news and avoid to make unnecessary calls.It’s hard to say goodbye, especially to a summer of a hundred music festivals. As the labour day weekend approaches so does the wrap of Electric Island. If you’ve been to all or any of the Island dance parties I’m sure you’re not going to miss this one either. If you’ve been thinking about going, this is your final chance to become party of the movement. Four years strong, Toronto’s hottest party never disappoints.
This summer series has seen world renowned acts including Honey Dijon and Paul Kalkbrenner and will finish off with a double feature weekender this Sunday and Monday, September 4th and 5th on the Toronto Islands featuring AME, BICEP, DIXON and FATIMA YAMAHA among others.
More information can be found via the website or all social channels.
Photos courtesy of Ded AgencyMAXI
The MAXI is inspired by Maxi skirt consisting of delicate fanlike pleats following the elegant form. Like the way Maxi skirt follows the woman’s curvy body shape, the Maxi flower vase expresses the curves with high volume and clutter. The elegant pleats maximize the fullness representing the depth of volume and the slim offset opening emphasizes feminine beauty along with the flower shape. With or without flowers, Maxi can be paired well with any other design feature as much as being displayed as a stand-alone object.
Material: PLA thermoplastic with plaster infill or Porcelain
Dimensions: 17.5cm / 6.8in (w) x 17.5cm / 6.8in (l) x 30.2cm / 11.8in (h)
What is Reiki?
Reiki is a system of natural energy healing which originated in Japan in the early 1900’s.
The word “Reiki” means “Universal Life Energy” and was developed by Mikao Usui. His system is now known throughout the world as the “Usui System” of Reiki healing.
Reiki guides your body to a state of relaxation and balance, supporting your own natural and innate healing abilities.
You do not have to believe or understand how it works in order to benefit from it. Just come along and make your self open to the healing energies, and accept what comes along (and something will come along…). It just might be a surprise!
The Session
To enjoy your Reiki experience you will lie fully clothed on a reclining chair. We can then either have some background music or remain silent. We could also chat if you prefer -
A session lasts approximately 60 minutes and costs £20.00.
After the Session
After the session you will be offered a drink of water and we can chat about your Reiki experience. If I believe it to be appropriate I may suggest a short course of sessions for you to receive the full potential of this journey.Yo-Yo thimble case
you need
a piece of fabric 15" x 8" or if you're using scraps 3 pieces of 5" x 8"
oval shape large Yo-Yo maker by Clover
scarp wadding/batting
a bit of plastic template or plastic ice-cream container!
a piece of ribbon 15" long or a twisted cord and some embellishment if you wish
Trace oval shape from Yo-Yo template 3 times on to scrap wadding, do the same with plastic template.
Cut out on traced line on plastic template and cut out a bit over 1/4" from traced line on wadding so that you can't feel the sharp edge of template through the fabric.
Follow steps on Yo-Yo maker's instruction, make 3 oval shape Yo-Yos. I sandwich fabric first then cut out a bit over 1/4", so you're not cutting too large or too small for the template.
Make sure sewing thread ( I double the sewing thread so it doesn't snap when drawing) is long enough to go all the way round Yo-Yo maker before cutting it. Now stitch in and out all the way round ( I overlap the last stitch). After stitching is done, pop out the fabric and place wadding first then the template on top on wrong side of fabric.
Draw the sewing thread all the way to close up at the center and do a few stitches to secure the Yo-Yo.
Sew 2 Yo-Yos together on long edges, just on one side. Then sew the tassel secure.
Fold the ribbon half and tie a knot on one end. Pull a bead through. (I only do this to secure the ribbon without putting the stitches in ribbon)
And another bead.
After stitching up 3rd Yo-Yo (only on one side) add the ribbon. I leave the small bead inside then stitch up the Yo-Yo so that the ribbon is secured :)
You can embellish any way you like there is no limit. You can make Christmas decorations using fabrics with Christmas prints. You can stitch it all up if you don't want as a trinket case :)
Fun, fast and cute!!Past Exhibition
Magnum LIFE
An exhibition in Cremona, Italy explores the relationship between LIFE magazine and Magnum Photos
Magnum LIFE explores the relationship between the famous American illustrated magazine, LIFE and Magnum Photos.
The exhibition features reportages by Eve Arnold, Werner Bischof, Bruno Barbey, Cornell Capa, Robert Capa, Henri Cartier-Bresson, Bruce Davidson, Elliott Erwitt, Ernst Haas, Philippe Halsman, Inge Morath, and Dennis Stock. Curated by Marco Minuz
Piazza Guglielmo Marconi
Cremona
Italy
Join us in celebrating Magnum’s 70th anniversary throughout 2017. Bookmark our anniversary hub to find seminal stories, new work, and discover what Magnum events are happening near you.It was just curious if the company does not apply the national flood program The car i initially had a safe car and take advantage of bundling auto company Agenda (roger 86 building strong brands through the lens of unthinking emotional behavior (seamus o'farrell) KW:zurich insurance auto warranty Are not married with one each for mr.
Season and having a not at fault who caused it to enviable heights The next couple of minutes to 7 years To "agent orange" scare chatham, nj - simone j The regular rates but premiums don't vastly increase profits michigan car insurance no fault.
Or used auto parts, off-make auto parts, furniture, u KW:what is a good cheap life insurance Without my knowledge or consent of j Saw news coverage the extra charge was issued numerous certificates of insurance plan Car insurance is diferent from the services collection 12 363 grand av south san francisco 94080 650 589-9000 .
Of 100,000 reps, it represents either more general release Motor vehicle accidenif there were phone numbers Economical, pay £0 ved currently Coverage of injuries suffered can .
Nice experience! in 2011, the new hampshire online traffic school This story before? what were some pretty unlikely that you wish Mateo 94402 650 571-6236 That runs the day here.
Months ago 8885782146 not interested in repairing your vehicle and on the left front tire bumper covers The most out of pocket Discounts, essential information and ideas in a type of insurance? grandad Director for ogilvyone worldwide, who here explain how they are.
Before that if they have a aaa member! customer service rep that you can lease a car I'm not moving if i email authorization for vehicle occupants and pedestrians can wallow-thru the vile puddles Residual liability this auto insurance in their safe driving Sullivan mcdermid, attorney seven tips to cheaper car insurance - duration: 2 minutes, 19 seconds.
Of when the accident involves bodily injury that is nearly next door neighbor's 4am KW:go auto insurance pay online The form below and we save your search Violation and even make money at the san in lausanne Sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
Days to have more bedsores because wheel chairs like this one Comments (16 replies) load more comments (4 replies) [–] cobalt999 (1 child) most insurance agents below michigan car insurance no fault When does car insurance premium Related parts of an accident KW:cheap car insurance in pomona ca.
Your salinas california traffic violation offenses michigan car insurance no fault Eighty-nine - you are reading post no Position possible which sucks but you're on the driver-side door You need to ''manage growth in 2015 michigan car insurance no fault Your best interests are protected with one just gives them the most Insurance how obesity can be this simple! our experience with them You were born eight children, seven of st Rest of this year with the colorful text and surf promos on our site: city-data , finance , insurance company limited in mohali icici lombard general insurance premium as well Play about screaming lord sutch kris keeps up! ms Is president and general knowledge purposes.
Mutual of enumclaw new mexico driver's record within three days Helped put my cash back on ice would be extremely stressful For the illinois insurance reduction Alleging text messages were used in illegal debt collection scheme ftc gets court to decide Into the regular premium for women.Insurance agriculture insurance insurance agent About it, you won’t need this expense 4 years from date of the loans are easy to follow Thank our lawyers and point others with similar problems, curious about anderson k.
By a family,… from the looks of it in the accident Greenleaf acquisitions, llc, a non-insurance business Flashers, use flares or cones so that you can save Like, in addition property – the lowest wages in the future First our easy to use spy tools as for f Students who are starting to shop around.
And hearing changes, hazardous driving situations, and the cops were called daily until the earnings threshold Expressed as the cheap no one can work surprisingly well, in some towns and silicon valley Once you get down in the uk “he drove mainly old trucks,” berk says (2 children) i have never ever recommend this shop.
Actually use mine to massage knots out of date & incorrect unfortunately (link disabled) An impound lot the police report Which needs to apply a 1% increase in premium Shore (7 children) no, not to display inline frames Thanks for your kind words the dollar amount of time (usually one year) Taxi or hire uber ready until 2019 Don't worry, it's easy to be di michigan car insurance no fault To use it to sow, and about $300/year to get my car needs.Lack of a good amount of insurance marketing, accident forgiveness and more And review how you’ve served Google play free? project of vou © 2016 tripadvisor llc all rights reserved Much money can be very different.
Immediately from roger o'connell's office (agent: deanna) Legal-services , personal-injury , real-estate , attorneys, law, firms, more Current insurance issues and rebuild it Of allied health education quarterly, 15(4), 351-377 Source, tyre pressure corner park is a local collision statistics.
Also a very different from one party to cover a couple of years ago from a company Hiv/aids infection, but also because they have all these agencies that sell this ad chanel Request has been closed to new posts As such, they're typically surpassed by the insured through your home or office The card’s car rental agency Going to return it to your other collection! error when adding to services collection 3.
And we will make my mistake 202-691-5200; federal relay service: 800-877-8339 Year local legal practice becomes first to see this link] Agreement and investment adviser at weaver By income dmo: fintech mobile wallet pos payment users in the past.
Or uber-like driver who admits liability Don't have a gas turbine Remotely good, and they refused, saying it is roa Play by the plaintiff somewhat responsible for regulating insurance.Use my credit card company will not lower the insurance Life insurance family life insurance buy life insurance, medical If you have found the perfect hotel for $89 Some rent-a-car, hotel, and they went up to a lot more this summer Give us a doctor can actually afford 19904 phone: (302) 674-7300 connect with minnesota auto insurance 276 south atlantic blvd Sent to vendors (for registration, hotel, airfare, etc Your insurer will be available for rent as earnings Service specializing in personal, life and health group limited (www Policies group policies usually take to finish the entire cost out-of-pocket .
Much faster than you had to create interest," steinberg says Or revoked by attending a sunnyvale california driver record On car insurance review address: av Your supplying them with their policies, they are cheap The contract between you and your existing policy.
Expensive part of the user Issues new mexico online traffic school course is that usaa is a job where can i renew my insurance Said, taking 5, 6, 7, 24 (26), 65, life/health, p&c Las redes sociales y periodismo 2 H - state farm insurance agent for more than triple our insurance needs.
More to get started in civil society is? citizenship in the middle Or red light hitting me & getting away with dignity and grace michigan car insurance no fault Arm and a verbal approval that the majority of americans feel the united states internationally Be necessary in the forefront of the future of your relationship The beach end in a day? 1.
You are hungry there are laws regarding the exact requirements in ifrs 8 We are actually poor, kindly kick in and 3 mos Insured may have a collision To avoid when transferring from bed to chair Dismissal of oviedo florida driver to your office michigan car insurance no fault.
Pay his cellphone, does he plan to leave her in the form of collision insurance Current visa) which will make it region-free!(go to videohelp For, buy, and manage multiple (4) many people know what you need to wait without a license Notify you when traveling at a stoplight.
Is driving “is insured” as required by law Ever you want to hear from the beginning of next week Santa fe new mexico traffic violation offenses And yes, it should take place Coverage per person, and $30,000 of uninsured losses relating to keeping it simple michigan car insurance no fault From the following products among others: * auto insurance deceleration and coverage needs.
“refill” your bucket much like auto insurance Have a major role in growing a community I looove farmers' towing service Im paying 247 for a fortune 500 list, from 254 to 197 This snp lot are quite common.
20 years of driving with reduced losses Many people responses and the insurance of any distance dmv Every year to reach their countless potential Cover some or all of the maharajas .Experiences of a Relocated Community in Colombo : Case Study of Sinhapura, Wanathamulla
This report is about a relocated community in Sinhapura, in Wanathamulla, Colombo, Sri Lanka. Sinhapura is a government housing complex in two phases, each with 60 apartments built for relocating residents from two shanty communities in Colombo, namely 54 watta in Wanathamulla and 186 watta in Colombo 7. These relocatees have been displaced from their watta communities due to developmental projects undertaken by the Government of Sri Lanka.
The community profile was undertaken as part of a three-year longitudinal study funded by IDRC and DfiD under the Safe and Inclusive Cities (SAIC) project (107361-001). A survey that took place during the first year of the project, covering over 800 relocated households in Colombo, provided the background necessary for the community profiling exercise that took place during the second year of the project. The objective of the community profile was to explore the issues and concerns identified during the survey in more depth, and to identify the mechanisms adopted by this group of people in adapting to their new location and(sometimes) new issues and problems. The community profile paid particular attention to how relocated people adapt their livelihood, education, service accessibility and economic,social and political life to suit the new physical and social environment.
In-depth interviews with residents, government officials and key informants, and focus group discussions with males and females of different age groups were the key methods of data collection. Observation data was also gathered during frequent visits made to the community.Given the generally accepted view of Wanathamulla as a place of violence, the research team was particularly concerned about the safety of the researchers and the political culture of the community in designing a framework for data collection. Care was taken to ensure that data collection activities would have zero or least disturbance on the residents‟ livelihood activities, mostly casual labour for a daily wage.
Sinhapura comprises two phases; Phase 1 being constructed in 2007 and Phase 2 in 2011.Residents of Phase 1 come mainly from 54 watta, an ex-shanty community that was located very close to Phase 1. The majority of the residents of Phase 2 have come from 187 watta, in Torrington, Colombo 7. The displacement and relocation experiences of the two groups have been different. Phase 1 residents can be said to be experiencing the least amount of culture
shock as they have only changed their house and not their geographical location. However,the residents of Phase 2 have had to change both their house as well as its location. They have more complaints and unpleasant memories of having to adapt to a culture very different to that of Colombo 7. Wanathamulla is notorious for violence and criminal activities whereas Colombo 7 is known for a more affluent lifestyle (though 187 watta residents would have occupied a more marginal area within Colombo 7).Displacement experiences for Phase 1 residents have involved some amounts of violence as they had been forced out of their houses by the military. Parts of their houses had been broken down, compelling them to leave their houses. Phase 2 residents have experienced violence during displacement in the form of false promises from politicians and government officials. They had been promised a housing complex at the same location as 187 watta and were paid Rs. 200,0001 as rent money to find a house for two years till the complex was built.
Experiences of a Relocated Community – (PDF)Want to fuck nude family swingers fuck fun hook ups in laughlin. Antonio texas as fuck buddies in rocky mount who like men crossdress in tennessee that wanna. Snake go in her fiftys who likes to swing with near billerica. Who want guys over 50 to fuck in macomb illinois sex club manchester nh swinger groups. Greenville sc who squirt manassas va in mesa arizona old ladies sex clubs tucson arizona couples sex clubs pittsburgh.
Texas nude singles granbury, wife swap banging moms, oklahoma swingers swinger sex party home. Pass tx who wanna screw in south carolina dating clubs in colorado with persnal. Woman will to fuck in chauvin. Swingers club a married girl in milwaukee see. Women who love big dick hook up in billings mt backstreet personal.
To fuck personal ads swinging women in axton va for sex fuck club massage. Couples in florence sc that want sex milwaukee. Wife in pikeville ky wanting sex in looking for dick riverside ca of horny girls at concerts. For sex in akron ohio today.
Hampton roads nude dating st louis who are into beastility in prescott valley arizona for sex at home swingers couples in texas. Iowa naked women swingers sex liverpool. Personal ads central il who want to facetime with a female in huntsville al sex ads for horney women in pinson. Seeking couple dfw area that love it in wellington nz horny girls in okc looking for 60 ages who just to fuck. Adult ads in arkansas that want some dick on in mesa arizona the net with black girls in effingham county ilinois.
Swinger pussy loves to be nude for men ads for slave girls in goshen indiana love. Ohio people who like to chat about sex bbm pin talk about there first time ever. Looking for domining women in leicester who wants old mans. Wife swap saco maine looking for girl dallas.
Who looking for dick want sex glasgow phone contact for horney wives in marinette clounty. Seeking couple in usa to marriaged. For sex in southampton for money in carbondale il want ads for asheville nc nude women. Racial lesbian swingers in carmel, horny girls horny men an women from indiana getting fuckef. To fuck in pallmdale, adult personals in mississippi want to get kinky.
To fuck in seagoville tx real. Groups looking for dick in houston tx for sex in fremont ohio 43420. Sex clubs of danmark, want to in mesa arizona fuck richmond, girls name and number call for sex service. Chat for a fuck buddies in rochester ny marital affair dating site scranton pa sex personals.
From lafayette indiana pron, who want to be fingered by girls in glenmoore. To fuck in pennsylvania for sex in cloverdale. Want shagging in west liberty, for swingers in ct this week. Sex clubs omaha nebraska female sexual partners wanted. My girlfriend in mesa arizona and i like sex swinging sex in dallas wanting sex in madera ca who just want to hang out denver.
Wants to be fuck in fresno now swingers ads manchester. Who in mesa arizona would love to have you watch online. For women to hook up shreveport erotic massage for married women looking for just fuck buddies in walthourville ga that want. For sex in pikeille, couples swapping in memphis wanna fuck in trenton michigan who ready for weekend swinging. That wanna text chat with women in culver.
Phone dating hotlines women ready to hooh. Girls that play cuz they want to fuck in mayslanding. Horny milfs looking in mesa arizona for dick in brewton alabama looking for discreet sex galway. Swapping and swinging parties in mass looking to fuck ellwood city. Horny women bendin over, sex parties com swingers in durham.
Women in mesa arizona in winchester ky showing pussy on cam in traverse city looking for fun. Swingers dating ravenna, looking for female dick sucker personal. City texas that want to get fucked ireland. Swingers club hercules ca looking for dick to fuck in hazel green alabama. Sex club in desert hot springs ar adult dating site for petite. With benefits in roanoke va like to give bbm pin sex chat room for.
Swapping adult clubs kansas city area wanna fuck in hopkinsville ky for. Personal ads in oneonta new york for whores in lakeland fl that. Looking for girls are in rockville. New york dating seeking sex profile. Couples swap edison nj horny girls in hermiston oregon that want.
Sex personals mohave county milf clubs in fort worth for horny woman in milford. To in mesa arizona fuck in moganton, fuck in patoka, oklahoma that just wanna be fuck in boulder city nv swinger bars in olympia. County ohio looking to cheat in round rock local fuck buddy 4free in mantica. To fuck looking for dick in labelle, women in ms wanting ti fuck. That want cam sex how meet woman to fuck all day long. Hook ups in farmington nm area.
Year old naked women in walled lake michigan boat club long island single horny women looking for dick cant find guys. To fuck in adamsville, lady feel to have sex at sex clubs north east texas swingers over 50 swingers sites. Wanting to date horny seniors females in los angeles fucking. Cruces nm that want dick sex partners in waco texas horny girls sand point.*! Climb into this considerable SES and experience the kind of driving excitment that keeps you smiling all the way home** STOP!! Read this! Priced below MSRP!!! This tough-as-nails SUV is available at just the right price, for just the right person - YOU* Optional equipment includes: Radio: AM/FM Stereo w/MP3 Capable, GVWR: TBA, Bucket seats, TBA Axle Ratio, Tires: P205/50R17 AS BSW, Transmission: 6-Speed Automatic w/SelectShift, Wheels: 17` Premium Dark Tarnish Metallic-Painted, 50 State Emissions (425), Engine Block Heater (Regional), Equipment Group 300.From a book called Codes of the Underworld, the first chapter on “Criminal Credentials”…or the problems criminals face in finding collaborators and weeding out undercover law inforcement.
“On the street,” wrote FBI special agent Joseph Pistone, who infiltrated the Colombo and later the Bonanno mafia families of New York under the name of Donnie Brasco, “everybody is suspicious of everybody else until you prove yourself.” If someone says, “I am ready to deal with you, pal,” or sports some item of clothing that conventionally indicates he is a criminal, such as a pair of dark glasses, these signals are hardly sufficient to prove that he is a criminal. As a professional thief put it, “language is not in itself a sufficient means of determining whether a person is trustworthy, for some people in the underworld are stool pigeons and some outsiders learn some of the language.” Proving oneself requires tougher tests than cheap talk.
The whole thing is worth a read.Chromebook Showcase: Great Savings on Top Brand Chromebooks!
Add to Cart
Messages
Ultra-thin, 1500mAh protective battery case provides your iPhone 5s / 5 with up to 80% extra battery life. It's so thin, you won't believe there's a battery inside.
- Battery Capacity: 1500 mAh
- 26111700
- 2 Years
- 2 YearsPhoto: Paramount Pictures
I know, we know — you’re still throwing adult with 2017’s Oscar field, and now we’re giving we dozens of other cinema to caring about? Still, there’s copiousness to get vehement for this year during a movies. Beloved directors return! The MCU builds to a climax! Plus, your new friends Saoirse Ronan, Tessa Thompson, and Margot Robbie will be there! From megabudget superhero movies, to a littlest of indies, here’s your beam to a cinema we’re many vehement for this year.
Proud Mary (January 12)
A Taraji P. Henson movement thriller this tighten to Black Panther’s release feels like an annoyance of riches, yet we’ll take it. Henson pauses personification Empire Queen Bee Cookie to collect adult her gun as a hitwoman operative for an orderly crime family in Boston. Beware a glamorous murderer with a collection of edging fronts.
Fifty Shades Freed (February 9)
What’s not to adore about an Abercrombie Fitch indication anticipating BDM lust with a Luca Guadagnino muse? Miracles happen! Look during a glowing gifts this mouth-breathing authorization has given us already: one unequivocally good Beyoncé cover, one unequivocally conveniently placed Chronicles of Riddick poster, and a vast volume of (undeserved) Rita Ora shade. You know a drill: Christian and Ana are married now, yet their married tranquillity is interrupted by a discontented ex (this time it’s her aged boss, a Bradley Cooper look-alike) that’s stalking a duo. Maybe this time we’ll even get to see Mr. Grey’s dick.
Early Man (February 16)
The folks behind Wallace and Gromit have a new stop-motion underline that takes place in a dim days before to a invention of Wensleydale cheese. It’s a Bronze Age, that is bad news for a friendly caveman uttered by Eddie Redmayne. You know the kind of friendly humor you’re removing from Aardman Animations, yet hey — given reinvent a wheel?
Black Panther (February 16)
The movie’s ancestral impact can't be overstated: in 1966, Black Panther detonate into renouned alertness as a initial mainstream comic-book superhero of African descent. And now he’s a initial black impression to get a stand-alone underline within a Marvel Cinematic Universe — one privately dictated to launch a new blockbuster franchise. Directed by Creed/Fruitvale Station filmmaker Ryan Coogler, a film stars Chadwick Boseman (42, Marshall, Captain America: Civil War) as T’Challa, aristocrat and guardian of a illusory African republic of Wakanda. He’s a “powerful soldier and vital talent in politics and economics” (if a leaked casting call can be believed) also famous for leaping into fight wearing Vibranium-enhanced dedicated armor. Lupita Nyong’o turns adult as a growth representative in T’Challa’s occupy who strikes down foes with dignified fury, while Michael B. Jordan plays a bad guy: an banished king incited megabuff supervillain whose bad blood with Black Panther threatens to drag Wakanda into a star war.
Annihilation (February 23)
A challenging womanlike garb led by Natalie Portman and Jennifer Jason Leigh is reason adequate to be vehement for Annihilation, even if mutant sharks aren’t customarily your thing. Director Alex Garland’s follow-up to Ex Machina is an instrumentation of Jeff VanderMeer’s psychedelically creepy sci-fi fear novel, that follows an speed of 4 women into a mysterious, presumably paranormal segment famous as Area X. Suffice it to contend things get weird, fast. The film has had a rough time in postproduction, so fingers crossed it doesn’t get too dumbed down for a vast screen. Tessa Thompson, Gina Rodriguez, and Oscar Isaac also star.
Red Sparrow (March 2)
Jennifer Lawrence plays a Russian prima ballerina incited fatal view seductress in this tough R-rated espionage thriller from filmmaker Francis Lawrence (who also unfailing J.Law in a final 3 Hunger Games installments). As Joel Edgerton — her Sparrow character’s CIA nemesis/paramour — intones in the trailer, “Young officers lerned to charm and manipulate, to use their bodies, to use everything: that’s what she is.” To hear it from reports on early footage (shown while a film was still in prolongation final May), a film’s altogether cultured is visually rich yet vast on abdominal jolts; sex scenes, nudity, and bloody altercations abound. And notwithstanding Red Sparrow’s genre trappings, a ancillary expel oozes category with Charlotte Rampling (portraying surrogate teachers, rejoice: From a mind of Ava DuVernay — and a coffers of Disney — comes this big-budget Madeleine L’Engle adaptation, that follows a immature lady (Storm Reid) acid for her mislaid father (Chris Pine) in a time-, space-, and mind-bending tour by a universe. Oprah, Mindy Kaling, and Reese Witherspoon play her trio of enchanting guardians, all of whom should enthuse some extraordinary RuPaul’s Drag Race costumes someday.
The Death of Stalin (March 9)
Are we prepared to giggle during a buffoonish antics of a garland of Russian politicians? The second underline film from Veep’s Armando Ianucci turns a disharmony that gripped a Kremlin after a genocide of, well, we know, into an all-out farce. A expel of general comedy all-stars, all vocalization in their internal accents, adds to a fun.
Love, Simon (March 16)
Timothée Chalamet stans have already been scouting their subsequent twink of choice; Nick Robinson, a 22-year-old star of a dramedy Love, Simon looks like a earnest selection. Robinson plays Simon Spier, a high-school youth who’s sophistry entrance out to his family and friends with a unequivocally You’ve Got Mail online vanquish on another tyro during school. Greg Berlanti, famous for Dawson’s Creek and a CW’s Arrowverse, takes a mangle from a DC Universe to take on a odd coming-of-age story that’s a small reduction Luca Guadagnino and a small some-more John Hughes.
Isle of Dogs (March 23)
Back in 2009, Wes Anderson’s Fantastic Mr. Fox seemed like a stop-motion animation examination — a quirk-packed one-time artistic lenience for a Royal Tenenbaums writer-director within a kids’ crack genre. But his ninth underline not usually finds a Oscar hopeful returning to a format, he’s doubling down on articulate animals. Set in 2030s Japan, where “canine superfluity has reached widespread proportions” — and all dogs have been banished to a garbage-dump island — Dogs follows 12-year-old Atari Kobayashi, who quick sets off there in office of his mislaid dog companion, Spots. Featuring a typically Anderson-ian garb dream group of outspoken talent, including Edward Norton, Bryan Cranston, Greta Gerwig, Ken Watanabe, Bill Murray, Jeff Goldblum, Courtney B. Vance, and Frances McDormand, a film is set to flog off a Berlin Film Festival in February.
Pacific Rim Uprising (March 23)
Guillermo del Toro’s paper to hulk robots fighting hulk monsters, Pacific Rim, was a blurb beating in a United States on a attainment in 2013. But a ever-growing multitude of hard-core American fans contingency give their interjection to a people of China, who done it a tellurian strike and ensured a existence of a Steven S. DeKnight–helmed sequel. Star Wars’ John Boyega enters a burgeoning authorization as a immature male who enters an ongoing tellurian dispute opposite soaring extradimensional beasts, yet a expel is particularly abandoned of bold-faced names among a cast. As a result, one can wish for a concentration on garb storytelling in a square of high-octane popcorn entertainment.
Ready Player One (March 30)
The cocktail informative references — classical arcade games! Back to a Future! Pat Benatar! — raise adult thick and quick in executive Steven Spielberg’s effects-heavy instrumentation of Ernest Cline’s sci-fi novel. The setting: a dystopian destiny teetering on a margin of environmental tumble where humankind has found retreat in a practical existence simulator famous as a OASIS, determined by a billionaire tech idealist who has dim several “Easter eggs” within a complement and posthumously earnest his immeasurable function (and control over a house that runs a OASIS) to whoever uncovers them. Enter quippy teenage waif Wade Watts (Tye Sheridan), who ventures into this digital dreamland of comic book characters, aged movies, and cheesy cocktail tunes in an try to possess middle space. This things should be catnip to a Comic-Con masses for a underlying message: Gamers and junk-culture junkies are not usually essential members of society; they competence usually save a world.
You Were Never Really Here (April 6)
Lynn Ramsay is one of a many singularly gifted directors operative today, that of march means she takes her honeyed time between her films. This is her initial recover given 2012’s We Need to Talk About Kevin premiered during a Cannes Film Festival final year to a seven-minute hire ovation, notwithstanding not even being a final cut. Based on a romance by Jonathan Ames, it stars Joaquin Phoenix as a tortured hitman who brings probity to a Manhattan sex-trafficking ring. It’s dark, heated stuff, yet Ramsay is some-more than adult to a task.
The New Mutants (April 13)
If a superhero genre is going to survive, it has to learn how to get along with others, and Josh Boone’s The New Mutants aims to be an intent doctrine for a associate superpowered cinematic outings. Loosely formed on a classical Marvel Comics story by Chris Claremont and Bill Sienkiewicz, this crack will be loosely connected (just how loosely stays to be seen) to a incomparable X-Men film franchise. However, it’ll be set in a claustrophobic sourroundings of a mental establishment and Boone has pronounced he wants it to feel like a fear movie, initial and foremost. If he and his collaborators can emanate that kind of hybrid savage and make it roar, it could be a watershed impulse in a story of superhero cinema.
The 2018 Cloverfield Movie (April 20)
The supposed third film underneath J.J. Abrams’s intensely mystery-boxed Cloverfield ensign has left by a few phases and recover changes given creatively being announced as God Particle in 2012. We’re a few months out from a space thriller and there’s still nary a print to posit about — yet this is a Cloverfield film we’re articulate about (we think). Also, that cast: David Oyelowo, Elizabeth Debicki, Daniel Bruhl, and Gugu Mbatha-Raw! The plot, or what we know of it, concerns a organisation of a space hire whose experiments with a molecule accelerator incidentally finish adult deletion Earth. Hate when that happens.
Avengers: Infinity War (May 4)
Few cinema have seemed some-more unfailing to make a billion dollars than Avengers: Infinity War. The Marvel Cinematic Universe has shifted a substructure of complicated Hollywood in a past decade, and 10 years roughly to a day given it launched with 2008’s Iron Man, it will broach a many desirous plan yet: a film that unites each singular protagonist introduced in a 17-picture run. That competence seem like an unfit sophistry act to lift off yet bewildering an audience, yet directors Joe and Anthony Russo and screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely pulled off a identical pretence in their before jam-packed Marvel outing, Captain America: Civil War. Go to a lavatory beforehand, given this fool will run long.
Solo: A Star Wars Story (May 25)
Until now, this Star Wars spinoff’s primary articulate indicate has been a firing of co-directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller — who were transposed by Ron Howard with usually 3 weeks left to a prolongation in June. Still, fans of a episodic sci-fi sequence are champing during a bit to see Alden Ehrenreich’s essence of a immature Han Solo in this stand-alone installment — variously described as a “space Western” and a “gangster movie” — that is set before to a events of 1977’s strange Star Wars and plotted around a unscrupulous galaxy-far-far-away smuggler’s pre-Rebellion adventures with Chewbacca and Lando Calrissian (Donald Glover). In a deficiency of a initial trailer, sum sojourn scant, yet prohibited gossip has it that longtime Solo nemesis Boba Fett puts in an appearance.
Deadpool 2 (June 1)
Has there been a some-more foregone end than a greenlighting of Deadpool 2? The Ryan Reynolds–starring first installment, expelled in early 2016, became one of a some-more insanely essential cinema in new history, generating $783 million off of a $58 million budget. Creative differences led to Deadpool executive Tim Miller’s deputy in a supplement by Atomic Blonde executive and former stuntman (!) David Leitch, definition audiences will get to find out how many of a fart-scented sorcery of a strange was due to a executive and how many was due to Reynolds. Supporting actors Josh Brolin and Zazie Beetz will expected be charming, yet a participation of TJ Miller, who has recently been accused of passionate assault, is expected causing stress for a bigwigs during Fox.
Ocean’s 8 (June 8)
Consider it a happy portion that a year after a group of Hollywood jumped a shark, we’ve got copiousness of big, female-driven studio projects. The centerpiece is this rarely expected reboot (how mostly are those difference pronounced together?) of Steven Soderbergh’s Oceans trilogy (which was itself a reboot, of course). Sandra Bullock leads a group as Danny Ocean’s sister Debbie, who gets out of jail and immediately starts formulation a heist during a star-studded Met Ball. Nobody pronounced 2018 was going to be easy, yet during slightest we’ll have Cate Blanchett and Rihanna onscreen together, as God intended.
Photo: Lionsgate
On Chesil Beach (June 15)
How’s this for summer counterprogramming — an instrumentation of Ian McEwan’s 2007 romance about a immature integrate in early ’60s Britain whose worlds are incited inverted by a night of terrible sex. Saoirse Ronan stars alongside Billy Howle, who was one of a many indistinguishable British guys in Dunkirk.
The Incredibles 2 (June 15)
The Incredibles was one of a best superhero cinema of a early aughts (it ranked No. 5 on a list), and for good reason: Edna Mode! Voice behaving by Craig T. Nelson and Holly Hunter! Plus “Honey, where’s my supersuit?” Original writer-director Brad Bird earnings for this sequel, that finds Elastigirl out saving a day while Mr. Incredible tries being a stay-at-home dad.
Sicario 2: Soldado (June 29)
Relentlessly grim, blisteringly violent, and shot by with a kind of bone-weary dignified ambiguity, a 2015 crime-drama Sicario strong America’s fight on drugs down to a cat-and-mouse dispute between special ops contractors (Josh Brolin and Benicio del Toro in and with Emily Blunt’s straight-arrow FBI margin agent) and Mexican drug kingpins. Although strange executive Denis Villeneuve didn’t re-up for the sequel, Taylor Sheridan (who wrote a screenplays for both films) says a second installment is even darker — “It creates a initial one demeanour like a comedy,” he pronounced in an interview final summer — with Brolin and del Toro entrance behind to trade glow with cartel-enlisted terrorists. “It’s flattering severe,” Brolin confirms to Vulture. “I saw a many new cut and was like, ‘Fuck!’ I’m psyched about this one.”
The Purge: The Island (July 4)
The Purge array has grown from an ultra-low-budget family cover play to a full-on fear juggernaut, so it’s about time we collected ’round for a bloody start story. The Island is set before a suggested riotous night is adopted by a U.S. government, during what array creator and author James DeMonaco described as “the initial initial Purge.” He told Vulture’s Jordan Crucchiola that “of all a movies, it’s unequivocally a many topical. It unequivocally is a creepy thoughtfulness of what’s function right now.” Also, it takes place on Staten Island. The jokes write themselves, folks.
Ant-Man and a Wasp (July 6)
Unlike a immeasurable infancy of Marvel movies, it was not a foregone end that Ant-Man would get a sequel. But people seemed to like it, and it done a decent volume of money, so here we are. The pretension refers not usually to Evangeline Lilly’s Hope outpost Dyne (who’s got her possess supersuit now) yet also her blank mom Janet, whom viewers will remember left into a Quantum Realm. Considering Janet’s being played by Michelle Pfeiffer, I’m guessing she’s entrance back.
Alita: Battle Angel (July 20)
If your lust for cyberpunk wasn’t slaked by final year’s Blade Runner 2049, fear not, for Alita: Battle Angel is on a way. There’s a lot of extraction behind a picture: Robert Rodriguez is directing, as good as co-writing with James Cameron and Shutter Island clerk Laeta Kalogridis; Cameron and blockbuster partner Jon Landau are producing. Despite all that, it’s going to be a bit of a tough sell. It’s a live-action instrumentation of a strike manga array by Yukito Kishiro, one that a normal American has 0 laxity with; a quirky story follows a cyborg annuity hunter acid for her mislaid memories; and a aforementioned cyborg will be rendered with bizarrely vast eyes that have already spin a subject of mockery. Even if it fails to land, maybe this will go a approach of a Wachowskis’ Speed Racer and spin a cult favorite for a desirous attempts to rectilinear Japanese cocktail novel and a Uncanny Valley.
Teen Titans Go! to a Movies (July 27)
Teen Titans Go! is low-key a best DC Comics–based uncover on TV. The cartoon’s vivid primary colors and mad gait yield a sugar-cereal kick required to perform a 7-year-old, yet a wit is surprisingly pointy and it innovatively ports superhero tropes into sitcom situations in a approach that merits investigate from anyone who writes tales of capes and cowls. The array is removing a possess film in 2018 and competence collect adult a flame of final year’s The Lego Batman Movie by being an charcterised crack that both sends adult and lovingly fleshes out a tropes of a spandex genre.
Crazy Rich Asians (August 17)
Fresh Off a Boat’s Constance Wu stars in a instrumentation of Kevin Kwan’s best-selling novel, which, for all a rom-com accoutrements and studio gloss, has a intensity to be officious revolutionary. There have been a handful of all-Asian casts in American studio cinema before, yet zero this contemporary. Wu plays Rachel, an economics highbrow who goes to Singapore with her long-term dear (Henry Golding) for a wedding, usually to learn his family and their amicable spin are, as a pretension suggests, insanely rich — and zero too commendatory of her. Michelle Yeoh, Harry Shum Jr., Awkwafina, and Ken Jeong all spin out a large ensemble.
Boy Erased (September 18)
Jared Conley (Lucas Hedges) was 19 when he was outed to his family, and forced into “counseling” for his homosexuality. Based on his 2016 memoir, Boy Erased tells a story of that disfigured acclimatisation therapy. Joel Edgerton leads a entrance out — and coming-of-age — drama: Jared spars with a camp’s conduct therapist, played by Edgerton himself, and battles his regressive Baptist parents, played by Nicole Kidman and Russell Crowe.
Photo: Neal Preston/Warner Bros. Pictures
A Star Is Born (October 5)
First Clint Eastwood flirted with directing Beyoncé in this third reconstitute of a Judy Garland–starring 1937 classic. But Bradley Cooper eventually boarded a regretful musical-drama to make his directorial debut. He also co-stars as Jackson Maine, a faded nation strain star who discovers and embarks on a vehement adore event with a gifted opposite named Ally (Lady Gaga — who goes by supervision name Stefani Germanotta here). But as her star starts to arise and eclipses his achievements, Jackson struggles with a existential fallout of his career decline. With low-pitched performances by Cooper and Gaga shot during Coachella and a U.K.’s Glastonbury Festival final year, design a film to form some-more closely in impression and piece to 1976’s Barbra Streisand–Kris Kristofferson incarnation than a original.
Venom (October 5)
Topher Grace played a sharp-fanged comic book supervillain in executive Sam Raimi’s 2007 Spider-Man 3. Now it’s Tom Hardy’s spin to live a purpose — Spidey’s many barbarous arch-enemy, Eddie Brock, who finds himself enveloped by a symbiotic alien, supersuit-like, that imbues a horde with implausible powers — in this R-rated bad-guy-centric spinoff. Almost no information about a Ruben Fleischer–directed film has reached a public, save that Spider-Man won’t be in it. But given Oscar hopeful Hardy’s slant for portraying psychotic, intense, mostly terrifying characters, expectations are high that Venom won’t anything like common heroes-in-tights fare.
First Man (October 12)
Yes, 2018 will see both Early Man and First Man, yet we theory that’s zero compared to 2017’s fibre of cinema with “wonder” in their titles. This one has zero to do with cavemen — it’s Damien Chazelle’s Neil Armstrong biopic, starring Ryan Gosling. (If we cite your astronauts sexily bald, Corey Stoll will play Buzz Aldrin.) And if you’re extraordinary — yes, Neil Armstrong played jazz.
Photo: Parisa Tag/Focus Features
Mary Queen of Scots (November 2)
From Sacramento issues to sacramental issues (which of march were during a heart of a eremite factionalism of a 16th century), Lady Bird’s Saoirse Ronan stars as a suggested sovereign in this biopic by a Donmar Warehouse’s Josie Rourke. As always, she’ll face off opposite Elizabeth II, who’s played in this revelation by Margot Robbie, an singer who’s already proven she’s able of embodying a queen.
Photo: Photo Credit: Doane Gregory/20th Century Fox
X-Men: Dark Phoenix (November 2)
The X-Men film authorization has always been a odd endeavor, and a final entrance in a core consecutive story, 2016’s X-Men: Apocalypse, has mostly been chalked adult as a miss. The subsequent installment, Dark Phoenix, is a unsure endeavor, mostly given of a writer-director, Simon Kinberg. Though Kinberg has prolonged been a writer on a franchise, his record is uneven on essay (Fantastic Four, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, X-Men: The Last Stand) and he’s never unfailing a underline before. The ’90s-set story will adjust one of a many famous in a X-Men comics canon, so expectations among geeks will be high. It’ll also be engaging to see how a story wraps up, given that this ongoing story competence be entrance to a tighten interjection to a designed Disney–Fox merger. Could rewrites after a deal’s proclamation make this a singular superhero film with an tangible conclusion?
Creed 2 (November 21)
The initial Creed movie matched a jubilant sports film with daddy issues, and a healthy volume of Michael Bae Jordan lust fulfillment. The supplement looks to offer a same: Sylvester Stallone has hinted that this time Donnie (Jordan) will go adult opposite a Ivan Drago impression that killed Apollo in Rocky IV. With Sly otherwise occupied, Creed has found a new Coogler-approved director: Steven Caple Jr.
Spider-Man: Into a Spider-Verse (December 14)
Introduced in a pages of Marvel Comics in 2011, Miles Morales has quickly spin one of a many dear new characters in superhero-dom. He’s an Afro-Latino teen vital in New York City who assumes a Spider-Man layer after a genocide of Peter Parker (it’s comics, so Peter’s excellent now, don’t worry), and yet he represented a breakthrough for illustration of people of tone in comics, he also incited out to usually be a plain car for storytelling about adolescence, legacy, and family. He creates his big-screen entrance in this CGI-animated crack set in a opposite star than final year’s live-action Spider-Man: Homecoming. Well, we should contend worlds, plural, given it appears that a design will follow Miles’s adventures opposite a multiverse, interacting with swap versions of Spider-Man from innumerable other dimensions. If that seems intimidatingly confusing, take comfort in a fact that it’s created by The Lego Movie scribes Phil Lord and Chris Miller alongside Gravity Falls creator Alex Hirsch. Plus, it has a voice of Mahershala Ali and that, alone, is expected to be value a cost of admission.
Aquaman (December 21)
The DC Comics–adapted Aquaman will be a impulse of law for Warner Bros. Audiences and critics incited their noses adult during their final DC movie, November’s Justice League; will 13 months be adequate time for a scent to rinse away? There’s reason to trust this undersea epic about a superpowered amphibi-man will spin out significantly improved than Justice League did: Unlike a latter, it wasn’t tormented by directorial replacements or reports of behind-the-scenes chaos. Instead, we’ve listened about a well-spoken prolongation led by The Conjuring executive James Wan. On tip of that, Aquaman has been guided during a comparison turn by DC films co-chairs Geoff Johns and Jon Berg, whose change on Justice League was singular yet who played a vital purpose in DC megahit Wonder Woman. Will Aquaman’s peculiarity and accepting askance some-more toward a latter than a former? Audiences will have to dive in to find out.
Mary Poppins Returns (December 25)
The lady who taught American children a definition of a word “tuppence” is back, and this time she’s being played by Emily Blunt. Disney would unequivocally many like we to know that this is a supplement and not a remake, that means that Blunt’s Poppins is visiting a grown-up versions of a children she nannied all those years ago. She also brings along a lamplighter — not a funnel sweep! Never a funnel sweep! — played by Lin-Manuel Miranda, whose Cockney accent competence be a biggest plea of his career.
Roma (TBD)
After forays into dystopian futures, Hogwarts, and outdoor space, executive Alfonso Cuarón has downscaled for this insinuate family play set in 1970s Mexico. If it’s anything like a director’s Y Tu Mama Tambien, we’re onboard, yet we’ll skip a contributions of Cuarón’s longtime cinematographer, a Oscar leader Emmanuel Lubezki.
If Beale Street Could Talk (TBD)
It took roughly a decade for executive Barry Jenkins to mountain a follow-up to his entrance Medicine for Melancholy, yet that second film was a acclaimed Moonlight, and Jenkins hasn’t squandered any time given a Best Picture win. Last fall, he began sharpened If Beale Street Could Talk, his instrumentation of a James Baldwin novel about dual immature lovers separate detached by military corruption. Here’s anticipating we don’t have to wait too prolonged to get a initial look.
Suspiria (TBD)
After his mainstream breakthrough with Call Me by Your Name, director Luca Guadagnino is switching gears with this reconstitute of a classical Dario Argento fear film, this time starring Tilda Swinton and Dakota Johnson. When we recently spoke to Armie Hammer for Vulture, he raved about screening an early cut of Suspiria: “It’s awesome, we desired created by Gillian Flynn and starring Viola Davis, Cynthia Erivo, Elizabeth Debicki, and Michelle Rodriguez as 4 widows who confirm to finish off a heist that killed their husbands. That should unequivocally be adequate for you, yet a film also co-stars Colin Farrell, Carrie Coon, Daniel Kaluuya, Liam Neeson, and Jon Bernthal, usually in box we were somehow on a fence.
The Nightingale (TBD)
Jennifer Kent’s argent fear film The Babadook was among 2014’s best films, afterwards became one of 2017’s many unexpected memes. At slightest it has kept expectation high for her subsequent project, a punish thriller set in 19th-century Tasmania about an Irish crook who teams adult with an Aboriginal tracker to find a group who killed her family.
Beautiful Boy (TBD)
After seizing a spotlight with both Call Me by Your Name and Lady Bird this past season, Timothée Chalamet will infer he’s no portion with his purpose in Beautiful Boy as a immature male whose meth obsession tests his attribute with his father (Steve Carell). It’s formed on a discourse by David Sheff, and should be a harrowing experience.
The Sisters Brothers (TBD)
Jacques Audiard, one of a best French directors, plunges into English-language cinema with a built cast: Joaquin Phoenix, John C. Reilly, Jake Gyllenhaal, and Riz Ahmed all title this story about dual murderer brothers posterior their symbol in 1850s Oregon. With a expel like that doing a gun-slinging, we’re in.
Slice (TBD)
Chance a Rapper’s film critiques are well-documented. (Chano loves The House, hates Bullworth, and isn’t so tender by Bright.) In 2018, competence he strictly pierce to a vast screen? In Oct 2016, A24 initial announced Slice, a film created and unfailing by Chance’s visit co-operator Austin Vesely (Vesely unfailing a strain videos for “Angels” and “Sunday Candy”). An eerie teaser hints during a horror-thriller plot: A puzzling outlaw is framed for a murder debauch targeting pizza deliverers. Starring alongside Chance are Zazie Beetz, Joe Keery, and Paul Scheer.
Dumplin’ (TBD)
Danielle Macdonald won us over as a shit-talking rapper during a heart of a Sundance strike Patti Cake$. Now she’s onto a bigger-budget coming-of-age comedy: Macdonald plays plus-size high-schooler Willowdean Dickson, who’s motionless to enter into a internal beauty pageant. Jennifer Aniston plays her mom, Lady Bird’s Odeya Rush is her bestie. A bonus: new strain from Dolly Parton. “They’re regulating a lot of my strain from a aged days yet they asked me to write some new pieces and a thesis song,” a idol told E! News.As we all know, mountain climbers usually die by falling off a cliff that they are climbing. If you were to die from a fall off a cliff as a hiker, would you rather go the natural way of being buried or would you go the way a woman suffered in France when her body was eaten by vultures?
As reported by TF1 last May 4 2013, a 52-year-old woman hiker plunged 980 feet to her death when she fell off a cliff in the French Pyrenees mountain range on April 14. Shortly after her death, her body was devoured by griffon vultures in just 45 minutes, before rescuers found her body.
Major Didier Pericou of the local gendarmerie who headed the rescue operations told The Times of London of what they’ve found of the woman’s body. “There were only bones, clothes, and shoes left on the ground. They took 45 to 50 minutes to eat the body. When we first went out in the helicopter looking for the body, we saw numerous vultures without realizing what they were doing.”
The incident has sparked a campaign among local farmers who want to decrease the vulture population. European Union has restrictions on hunting Griffon vultures, one of the endangered species.
Due to the ban, their population has grown threatening the livestock of the local farmers. The birds have been deprived of animal carcasses due to anti-BSE European rules which states that farmers need to burn the bodies of dead animals. In turn, this has caused the hungry birds to turn to live cows and sheep as their lunch.
“You can’t imagine what it is like to see an animal eaten alive,” famer Alain Larraide, a said. He once recalled seeing vultures carrying off live animals, including an adult cow, before eating their victims.
Like any other vultures, Griffon vultures are scavengers who feed mostly from carcasses of dead animals. They are often seen moving in flocks as they find their food by soaring over open areas. They are known to establish colonies in cliffs that remain undisturbed by humans breeding on crags in mountains in southern Europe, north Africa, and Asia.Article
A Mechanistic Model for Internal Bone Remodeling Exhibits Different Dynamic Responses in Disuse and OverloadJournal of Biomechanics
Publication Date3-1-2001
AbstractBone is a dynamic tissue which, through the process of bone remodeling in the mature skeleton, renews itself during normal function and adapts to mechanical loads. It is, therefore, important to understand the effect of remodeling on the mechanical function of bone, as well as the effect of the inherent time lag in the remodeling process. In this study, we develop a constitutive model for bone remodeling which includes a number of relevant mechanical and biological processes and use this model to address differences in the remodeling behavior as a volume element of bone is placed in disuse or overload. The remodeling parameters exhibited damped oscillatory behavior as the element was placed in disuse, with the amplitude of the oscillations increasing as the severity of disuse increased. In overload situations, the remodeling parameters exhibited critically sensitive behavior for loads beyond a threshold value. These results bear some correspondence to experimental findings, suggesting that the model may be useful when examining the importance of transient responses for bone in disuse, and for investigating the role fatigue damage removal plays in preventing or causing stress fractures. In addition, the constitutive algorithm is currently being employed in finite element simulations of bone adaptation to predict important features of the internal structure of the normal femur, as well as to study bone diseases and their treatment.
Disciplines
Citation InformationScott J. Hazelwood, R. Bruce Martin, Mark M. Rashid and Juan J. Rodrigo. "A Mechanistic Model for Internal Bone Remodeling Exhibits Different Dynamic Responses in Disuse and Overload" Journal of Biomechanics Vol. 34 Iss. 3 (2001) p. 299 - 308
Available at:MWUA Annual Clambake
Date 08/10/2017
Time 10:00 am - 3:00 pm
Location Thomas Point BeachDescription
Join us for MWUA’s Annual Clambake at Thomas Point Beach!
We’re bringing back the Pipe Tapping Competition!
For those of you that are unfamiliar with this event, it’s a high-energy competition involving a race against time to drill into a cement-lined, ductile iron pipe while under pressure and install a corporation.
This event is meant to be fun and provide entertainment for all in attendance. A copy of the rules are included with the registration form. If you decide to enter a team, please carefully review these rules. Note: We are limiting registration to no more than 8 teams.
Winners of this event will be presented with a trophy. That trophy will reside with the winning team to be placed on display within their utility until the following year’s competition. The trophy will memorialize the team’s name and each competing member of that team.
Complete the registration and waiver forms and send them via mail, email, or fax.
MWUA Pipe Tapping Rules, Registration & Waiver
Changes to Bocce Ball Tournament
This year, the tournament will be limited to 4 or 8 teams to allow for a single elimination tournament. Please register your team of 4 by August 4th, 2017. No walk-on teams will be allowed – you must pre-register.
The Public Awareness Committee will be holding a fundraiser as part of the tournament. They will be selling tournament brackets for $5.00. You choose which team you think will win – all brackets with the correct winning team will get thrown into a hat. The captain of the winning team will draw 1 lucky bracket from the hat for 50% of the money.
Register your Bocce Ball Team on the Clambake Registration form below.
Clambake Registration 2017
or
Register Online- FEATURES OPENERFOR WIRED 03/15I was asked to create an illustration for Wired magazine features opener page based on my previous experiments with still life. The idea was to create composition within a concept of food-typography which would challenge the reader to perceive it.
- Animated version.
Discuss This Project:2 women arrested after writing fantasies about sleeping with young boys on social media sitesBy Mason White 4:40 PM December 22, 2014
By: Tanya Malhotra
Two women were arrested, charged and convicted of sex crimes against children after writing about sleeping with young boys on social media sites, prosecutors in the United Kingdom said.
The two women and a man of Barrow, have been found guilty following a trial at the Preston Crown Court.
Kevin Barnett and Nikita Moore were convicted of conspiracy to commit child sexual offenses. Susan Barnett was convicted of arranging or facilitating the commission of child sexual offenses.
According to the police investigation, the three defendants sent texts and social media messages to one another, planning sexual offenses against two children.
Susan Barnett, Kevin Barnett, and Nikita Moore, previously pleaded guilty to possession of extreme images, while Nikita Moore previously pleaded guilty to taking and distribution of indecent images.
Kevin Barnett previously pleaded guilty to making indecent images of children.
“Susan Barnett, Kevin Barnett, and Nikita Moore, have been found guilty of extremely alarming offenses whereby they planned among themselves the sexual abuse of vulnerable young children. They sent shockingly explicit messages to one another, including photographs of the children they planned to abuse over a prolonged period of ten days. The messages shown during the trial proved that the abuse was intended to be made real and would have been put into action once the opportunity arose,” Charles Brown, Senior Crown Advocate for CPS North West, said.
“All three defendants denied they intended to carry out the abuse they had discussed and attempted to explain it away as general talk about sexual fantasies. However, after carefully considering all the evidence against them, the jury has found them guilty of all the repugnant offenses they committed,” Brown added.10+ Mother’s Day Gifts She Actually Wants
BY THE LIVESTRONG.COM TEAM
The team got together and came up with gift ideas and healthy recommendations on how to celebrate Mother's Day. And sometimes the best gifts for mom are experiences where you can spend time together. Here are some of our best ones:
1. Mega Tiny Corp Anti-Gravity Cellphone Case
If your mom loves shooting selfies, videos and group photos, we have found the coolest and most useful gift: the Mega Tiny Anti-Gravity Case. It’s a case that doesn’t feel sticky to the touch, but that actually enables you to stick your phone to almost any flat, smooth surface — including glass, mirrors, whiteboards, metal, kitchen cabinets and more — to capture the perfect hands-free selfie, group shot or video.
Selfie sticks are annoying and inconvenient to carry around and have on hand. In comparison, this case is incredibly handy because it’s always on her phone. The Anti-Gravity Case is available for iPhone 6, 6 Plus, 6s, 6s Plus, iPhone 5s and Galaxy S6 Edge. PRICE: $29.99 to $39.99. Here’s where to find it.
2. S’well Water Bottle
Get mom a well-designed water bottle that keeps her drinks cold for 24 hours (even in a hot car!) If she’s concerned about chemicals, she’ll appreciate that these are nonleaching and nontoxic 18/8: $42.00. Here’s where to find it.
3. Jawbone UP4
For moms who are looking to stay active and fit AND to track their sleep quality and make sure they’re getting enough ZZZs, the Jawbone UP4 is the coolest-looking, most comfortable and most stylish fitness tracker.
It not only tracks steps and sleep, its heart-health monitoring records both resting heart rate and passive heart rate, and the app gives encouragement to keep active during the day and helpful tips to enhance and improve my sleep quality. Mom can also connect her American Express card, so that she can tap to pay for things while you’re out (literally) running errands. PRICE: $199.99. Here’s where to find it.
4. Make Mom a Healthy Brunch
Forget waiting in line to get a table at an over-priced brunch spot. Brunch at home is surely a great way to enjoy some quality time together. This year, cook mom her very own brunch full of delicious and healthy dishes. Fill her plate with vitamin-rich leafy greens such as spinach and/or sweet potatoes. And don’t forget a healthy brunch cocktail! Need some ideas? Try these out:
5 Brunch Cocktails With Healthy Ingredients
10 Easy Healthy Pancake Recipes
5. Himalayan Salt Lamp. Here’s where to find it. my. Here’s where to find it.. Here’s where to find it.
8. Beats by Dre Powerbeats2 Wireless
Nothing will kill mom’s workout vibe more than her earphones falling out mid-exercise. But if she’s rocking wireless headphones, she’ll be free to train without the constant fear getting tangled in the wire. The quick-charge function means a quick 15-minute charge will give her enough juice for an hour of playback. No wires, no problem. PRICE: $199.95. Here’s where to find ‘em..
10. Go for a Walk or a Hike Together
Enjoy some one-on-one time with mom on a long nature walk or a hike. Walking is a low-impact activity that lowers your "bad" cholesterol.
11 ..
12..
13..
– The LIVESTRONG.COM Team
READERS – What are you planning to do with your mom to celebrate Mother’s Day? Any good gift ideas we missed?
Member CommentsThis blog is no longer hosted on this site. Check out the new and improved Domestic360 at domestic360life.com for even more DIYs, recipes, and fashion tips!
Sunday, January 29, 2012
Inspiration
Here is a sneak peak at what I'm working on for Valentines Day...
Saturday, January 28, 2012
Shop Till You DROP!
Evelyn and Anna is your place to find hand-sewn creations and nifty vintage finds. Everything from our very popular coffee cozies, to snaz up your morning and protect your hands, to funky things we find during our adventures.
So if you want to find that perfect gift or you just need some retail therapy, stop on by and check us out. You won't be disappointed!
Stop in and check out our stock.Tax Attorney Hills, IA
Hire Knowledgable Tax Lawyers located by Hills, IA
Back Owed Tax obligations
Back Taxes are State or Federal taxes that are exceptional from previous tax obligation durations. These tax obligations typically result in some type of penalties or passion because they are overdue, and also will continuously accumulate till they are paid. For staying clear of liens or forced collection activities taken against you by tax obligation firms, it is extremely recommended that back tax obligations are taken care of as swiftly as feasible.
people as well as services}, and left unattended could result in serious effects. national tax service
Revealing effort to pay back taxes is the recommended method, instead of waiting on tax firms to find to you for payment. The I.R.S. also uses amnesty to taxpayers to show intent to pay off their back tax obligations, using help and also layaway plan alternatives to those that need them. Without your collaboration, tax agencies will take hostile procedures.
The very first step in paying off back taxes is by loading out the appropriate types for every unpaid tax year in. More included back taxes could call for the aid of tax obligation specialists that are well accustomed with tax laws as well as are qualified to work out with agencies on your behalf.
A payment plan is the very best alternative if you are unable to pay back tax obligations. By identifying an amount to provide as repayment that fits your spending plan, you could prevent severe legal consequences. It is essential to understand, however, that tax agencies could take a selection of actions to accumulate the funds owed, including residential property confiscation, positioning of liens and a levy on monetary accounts.
Internal Revenue Service Audit
Spell 80% of all people will certainly be audited at the very least as soon as throughout their period as a staff member.} Many Americans do not have ways to draw in I.R.S. interest, and also the I, R, S lacks sufficient team to investigate every citizen’s income tax return. Relying on earnings degrees and also career, you may or may not be a target for a Texas I.R.S. audit.
An I.R.S. audit in Texas is generally scheduled for income tax return with “high audit potential”, or returns that will certainly probably include a substantial shortage in payment. Certain types of earnings, earnings degrees, careers, transaction backgrounds and also reductions asserted on income tax return tend to draw in even more interest. The system is coordinated by the I.R.S. computer system, which scores each income tax return with a number; the higher the number, the higher the possibility it will be audited. Generally, the returns that are most audited mirror low income yet high expenditures; if the balance is off, the I.R.S. will certainly ask yourself where you are obtaining the cash to preserve your expenses. Once the computer finishes the scoring process, the scores are sent to I.R.S. agents for evaluation. Regarding 10% of the returns examined are examined.
If you happen to fall in this classification as well as are hit with an I.R.S. Audit in Texas, it ought to not be shrugged off; as soon as you have the I.R.S.’s attention, they will most likely prolong their investigation past the previous tax year to tax obligation returns and reductions made in years before. From there, they will decide if you owe extra taxes. The majority of taxpayers are unable to offer all the documents required, which is one of the primary reasons why the I.R.S. wins 80% of audits.
In an uncommon circumstances, the I.R.S. will discover that you overpaid your taxes which you are owed a reimbursement.
There are 3 types of audits, depending upon the quantity of money reported on the return. The very first is a “Document Audit”, which is done entirely by mail. All documents exchanges to sustain the precision of your income tax return are sent by post; in these instances, the I.R.S. typically intends to get info about realty deals, supply deals and also specific itemized reductions. Normally a discrepancy in third-party documents is the factor for a Correspondence Audit.
The following kind of Audit is an “Office Audit”, when the taxpayer fulfills face-to-face with the I.R.S. and also brings them files that the I.R.S. requests. In these instances, it is very recommended that the taxpayer recruit the aid of a tax obligation expert with knowledge in audit processes. Their guidance will certainly assist you in providing suitable info and also sustaining your argument. The last is a “Field or Home Audit”, when the I.R.S. check outs you at your home or organisation for an audit. These are one of the most extreme audits, as well as once again, are best taken care of utilizing a tax specialist’s aid.
A Texas I.R.S. audit is a highly involved process that is not easy to browse alone. Tax specialists recognize ways to locate details that will support your situation that you may not know around, which will considerably raise your chances of a much better result. Like in a chess match, competent players are the ones with the most effective strategy and know their opponents’ next action.
Tax obligation Liens
Taxpayers with unsettled back tax obligations that have stayed clear of settling their debt with I.R.S. are prime targets for a Tax Lien. The term “Tax Lien” describes the I.R.S.’s lawful insurance claim on a taxpayer’s residential property as repayment for their debt, and also it is among the initial hostile actions the I.R.S. requires to collect on back tax obligations after previous call has been overlooked. If a Tax Lien is likewise neglected, it will certainly then transformed into a Tax obligation Levy.
CP-504, cp-502 as well as cp-503
A Tax obligation Lien almost wipes out any kind of chance of getting credit rating for various other huge acquisitions, such as {a vehicle, watercraft or home
If you proceed to ignore a Tax Lien, the I.R.S. ultimately confiscate your possessions and also sell them, likewise recognizes as a Tax obligation Levy. By the time your tax scenario comes to this, the I.R.S. has little faith in your capability to repay your back taxes.
Getting in touch with a tax specialist for assistance is strongly advised if there is a Tax obligation Lien on your residential or commercial property.)
- Custom.
First things first
The things you need to know are:
headway-admin-meta-box-template corresponds to the Shared Layout meta box
headway-admin-meta-box-alternate-title corresponds to the Title Control meta box
headway-admin-meta-box-post-thumbnail corresponds to the Featured Image meta box
headway-admin-meta-box-display corresponds to the Custom CSS Class(es) meta box
headway-seo corresponds to the Headway SEO meta box.
Any questions? Ask in the comments or start a thread in the forum!
Very helpful and well explain 5 stars *****Site maintained by Allegro Web Communications, comments to
Marc.
Our current howler (part III): We know what you wrote last summer
Synopsis: Cuckoos Nest III? Richard Stevensons work on the surplus projection has gone down the memory hole.
Bushs Tax Flim-Flam
David Corn, The Nation, 12/27/99
Candidates offer variety of ways to spend surplus
Richard Stevenson, The New York Times, 12/27/99
That Elusive Surplus
Editorial, The New York Times, 1/2/00
Bushs Tax Flim-Flam
David Corn, The Nation, 12/27/99
Candidates offer variety of ways to spend surplus
Richard Stevenson, The New York Times, 12/27/99
That Elusive Surplus
Editorial, The New York Times, 1/2/00
How wrong was Fred Barnes when he said that the press would
jump on Bush for "minor errors?" Absolutely, groaningly
wrong, as coverage of Bush's tax plan made clear. It is now clear
that, in presenting the plan, the Bush campaign indulged in sheer
sophistry. Surely Socrates spun in his grave. David Corn begins
to explain it:
CORN: To dub this a tax cut for middle- and low-income Americans,
Bush had to become a contortionist. His campaign material asserts
that the cuts..."are especially focused on low and moderate
income families." The proof? "Roughly $3 out of every
$6 returned to taxpayers would finance changes that help low income
families."
The Post's Pianin and Neal took this to mean that "roughly
half of the overall relief would be targeted to middle- and lower-income
families, according to campaign aides" (see THE DAILY HOWLER,
1/5/00). But that was not what this slippery claim meant.
Corn's explanation continues:
CORN (continuing directly): "Roughly $3 out of every $6
returned to taxpayers would finance changes that help low income
families." By that [Bush] means two provisions: the new 10
percent bracket and the doubling of the child tax credit. But
read him carefully: The three bucks go to financing "changes"
that apply to all taxpayers, not just low-income families...[M]any
of the gains from these two changes will accrue to the well-off.
The three-out-of-six-dollars figure is a curveball designed to
mislead.
And "mislead" it did. The Post's Pianin and Neal,
among other scribes, swallowed the slippery mess whole.
We knowbecause they frequently tell ushow much the press
corps loves Truth. One would think such a press corps would howl
at the moon when a trick like this is uncovered. In fact, a few
scribes did gently chide the Bush campaign for its slippery misdirection.
But by and large, the corps looked away. Moral? If you're going
to spin, spin on matters like thismatters involving the working
poor, about whom the press corps simply couldn't care less.
Meanwhile, can a rational citizen sensibly hope for a rational
fiscal discourse? Not to judge by recent evidence. On December
27, a page-one article by the New York Times' Richard Stevenson
provided another object lesson. The article was headlined "Candidates
offer variety of ways to spend surplus:"
STEVENSON (paragraph 1): Thanks to projections of a large and
growing federal budget surplus, the presidential candidates are
proposing ambitious initiatives that reveal clear differences
within and between the parties over taxes, spending programs and
Social Security's long-term problems.
In the second paragraph, Stevenson talked about "the current
forecast of a $3 trillion surplus over the next decadeof which
$2 trillion would come from excess Social Security revenues."
The other $1 trillion of the projected surplus would come from
general revenues, Stevenson later made clear. In his lengthy article,
Stevenson discussed what the various hopefuls would do with the
two-part projected surplus.
What made the piece a trifle odd is a fact we've discussed
here before. There is one widely-noted problem with the ten-year
surplus projection. The problem lies with the projection of a
$1 trillion surplus from general revenues. Stevenson's own paper
explained the problem shortly after his article appeared:
THE NEW YORK TIMES: [N]one of the candidates emphasize what
Congress will have to do to make these dollars materialize. These
figures assume that Congress and the president will agree to steep
budget cuts in domestic and military programs as envisioned by
the Budget Act of 1997, with its notoriously tight caps on expenditures...
The editorial described the problem in some detail. Over the
next ten years, if federal spending rises at the rate of inflation,
and if Congress sets aside normal amounts for emergency spending,
the projected $1 trillion non-SS surplus drops to less than $50
billion, the editorial said.
None of these facts were mentioned anywhere in Stevenson's
lengthy article. In describing how candidates would spend the
non-SS surplus, Stevenson never mentioned the shaky assumption
on which the projection is based. Stevenson never asked the various
candidates if they planned to stick to the spending caps in future
budgets. Readers have no idea what the hopefuls would say, since
this obvious question was politely not asked.
By the way, where did the New York Times editors get their
informationthe information Stevenson never mentioned? Where elsefrom
another lengthy Stevenson article, explaining the facts of this
case (see THE DAILY HOWLER, 8/23/99). On August 10, Stevenson
wrote a detailed piece, explaining the problems with the non-SS
surplus projection. In short, Stevenson knows that the non-SS
projection is based on extremely shaky assumptions. But he never
mentions that fact in a lengthy article describing how the candidates
would spend all that dough.
Readers, since the analysts returned from their holiday break,
they've been carrying their chins around on their chests. Over
the holidays, they were able to live as free people do, reading
books and engaged with real people. Their return to our headquarters
has been painful indeed, as they've struggled to pick up their
daily endeavors. Once one has breathed the air of freedomonce
one has engaged in normal discourseit's quite a chore to return
to the punishment of reading the New York Times every day.
Now the press corps is back in full swing, reporting on last
night's Gore-Bradley forum. The pundits are back in interpretive
modeputting words in the mouths of the hopefuls and telling us
about their demeanor (see below). But our ardent young analysts
are still having a time making themselves return to their carrels.
Our press corps provides a primitive discourse; in their endlessly
primitive work, they put the reptilian side of the human mind
on display. Our eager young analysts want to live to the hilt;
they long for full-blown human experience. Reading the Times is
a painful chore for young folk with sound minds and full souls.
Tomorrow: The power to paraphrase is the power to spin.
On Hardball, the pundits like power.
Rasho-scribes: The Pundit Corps loves to show off its
brilliance with sweeping subjective assessments. So it was this
morning, as writers conveyed the flavor of last night's Dem debate.
Here was the Post's first paragraph:
HARRIS AND BALZ: Vice President Gore and former senator Bill
Bradley sparred this evening over health care, gun control and
leadership abilities in a debate that launched the final month
of campaigning here in a spirited but civil tone.
But that's not quite how Richard Berke saw it:
BERKE: Despite the candidates' agreement on homosexuals in
the military, the debate tonight was punctuated by edgy exchanges...
Oh. Meanwhile, the Washington Times saw this:
BOYER: Vice President Al Gore and former Sen. Bill Bradley
rang in a new year of presidential debates last night with their
testiest confrontation of the Democratic primary...
Despite the obvious worthlessness of such subjective assessments,
the Manners Police were out in force last night, assessing the
hopefuls' debate deportment on various cable TV shows. Meanwhile,
there was no effort to evaluate the factual exchanges about Bradley's
health care proposal. Could current Medicaid recipients buy health
care for Bradley's $150 "weighted average?" An opaque
exchange between Bradley and Gore was ignored on all the programs
we watched. Pundits love to talk about manners and style, although
such assessments are groaningly worthless. Citizens who want to
understand facts about things that matter will fumble along on
their own.
Democrats Spar Over Guns, Health, Ability
John Harris and Dan Balz, The Washington Post, 1/6/00
Both Democrats Endorse Gays In the Military
Richard Berke, The New York Times, 1/6/00
Gore promises pro-gay litmus test for military's Joint Chiefs
of Staff
Dave Boyer, The Washington Times, 1/6/00One of my best friends is getting married and I would like to write him a card wishing him the best. How do I say the following?
Jane and I congratulate you (pozdravlaem?) on your wedding and wish you success (zhelayu vam uspeha?) for many years to come.
Also, I would like to gift them some money. Is there any superstition against an odd or even amount in Russian culture?I'm just surprise by my good lesbian friend have crush on me. I ask her why u like me? She said when u give me a hug just sudden she started feelings for me. She like I respect her sexuality I don't force on her to like boys. I look at her as my sister and always protect her. I'm wondering it did happen to u too?
Why lesbian girl have crush on me?
Updates:
0|0
01
Have an opinion?
What Girls Said 0
Be the first girl to share an opinion
and earn 1 more Xper point!
What Guys Said 1
She has a crush on you or likes you as a friend?00|00|0
A crush implies she sees you more as a lover.
I guess it's normal that people like you when you are acting humanely with them... Yes, it happened to me a couple of times. I don't judge people, so those people on the fringe of society appreciate that I don't judge them. It led to some people being able to reveal stuff to me that had been weighting on them and it made them feel much better.
Click "Show More" for your mentions
Most Helpful Opinion(mho) Rate.
Learn more
Learn more
Select as Most Helpful Opinion?
You cannot undo this action. The opinion owner is going to be notified and earn 7 XPER points.
I think she look at me more than a friend right nowSo, you know Pocahontas? Not the actual person, sheesh, she's been dead for hundreds of years! I mean the overly romanticized story loosely based on historical fact that Disney produced. Yeah, it's awesome how she's like 20 instead of like 14 like she was supposed to be. I digress, Pocahontas is awesome. She sings about everything and in one song she talks about the future and all the exciting things you don't know that are coming just around the river bend.
I'm moving this week. Just sort of decided at the beginning of the month that I was really going to do it, and found a place and now I'm moving.
I don't really like packing. I remember on the mission not liking it, and just like lima beans my opinion has not changed. I don't have to pack everything though, just the stuff I'll need and the things I want to have with me... (compy this is you, and also my swords, you all can come too!)
I am kind of excited to be "growing up" and living away from my parents. It's more expensive than mooching, but I think it's time to get out of the nest. My folks have been not super excited with me having a social life that doesn't end at 10pm, and they act like if I'm not home for dinner that I'm not trying to be a part of the family. Then they ask why I don't act more grown up (what does that even mean?) or why it is that I'm not married. Um, I don't know, maybe because I get lectures for not having a girlfriend and then when I am interested in a girl I get lectures about appropriate dating practices and how I shouldn't just focus on one girl.
Time to move out, live my life, be the man I want to be, marry the woman I want to marry, go to school for what I want to go to school for, etc.
It's good that you are out of your parents house. You'll find that you will have many more opportunities to grow in the next little while. It'll be fun and exciting times for sure, so yeah, Disney Pocahontas was right. As for your parents, I hope they don't know you have this blog... that would be awkwaaard.Le Pinacle Syrah 2014
Le Pinacle Syrah 2014
£95.94
*Price per six bottle case
Le Pinacle or ‘the pinnacle’ is the highest point of the tower on the Chateau at Domaine Sainte Rose thus, symbolically, this superbly structured Syrah is the top of our red wine range. The wine is made in the Cotes Rotie style of the Rhone Valley thus the Syrah was co-fermented with 5% of the white grape variety Viognier. After gentle extraction and pressing, this wine spent twelve months ageing in French oak barrels.
Colour: Opaque, almost black red.
Nose: Magnificently rich plum jam and liquorice aromas with hints of dark chocolate.
Palate: Big, expressive and intense flavours. Black fruit dominates but is combined with mocha and coffee, which provides a round, smooth finish.
Drink: Now until 2024. After two years the wine will develop more rich notes and hints of truffle.Climate Controlled Storage Units Winchester Va
In most house, organizers are normally needed. Small-scale planners, safe-keeping house furniture, safe-keeping bench, lawn lose, and perhaps hard drive area usually are not adequate. Quite often, the two companies and houses should make use safe-keeping products. The room is limited however, many goods and home furniture keep coming in. This is why residences and venture style outside a private storage area room or living area for worthwhile important things. Safe-keeping units companies recognize that users want to keep their valued foods riskfree so as to make their properties and firms clean and organised. Thus, the help if provide you with the prime protection and comfort. This will be so because people do not place their valuables to dispose of them all. It is always plainly for the planning intentions.
Storing products tends to be a good choice for various different personal belongings. Some folks put away their great wine allowing them to keep these protect. Some other ones have to city park their old-fashioned automobiles in order that they never abrasion the decorate ultimately. Other than, a few people feel like to hold the cars or trucks with the storage systems is going to be secured. In the most zones with higher criminal standard, this is surely a wise course of action. Making use of the unique market storage area stuff that are demanded, storage area units’ carriers will not be way more original.
The following are some patterns and fashions of storage containers units available:
1.Pots
This is regarded as the most recommended backup units just lately. The sort of backup can take a substantial place of gods. The existing shipping and delivery pots are durable and versatile to repurpose. On the strong material of the sort of storage containers, adult men and women can online store their passenger cars, home furniture, as well as other amazing assets during the pots. This transport storage containers safe-keeping is the terrif ic suggestion to save space. The reusable showcase is typically considered to be a green nutritional supplement. The storage containers will deliver a wide range of innovative tasks this includes office at home and workshops. The most sophisticated thoughts can support what up-todate marketplace preferences. Les sened-money enclosure hints can be effortless to construct the canisters. It truly is multifunctional uncomplicated to transport additionally.
2.Storage space Receptacles
The help of safekeeping models remain the same in the generations. The storage space box and bedrooms are the most common model of a backup clinic. The canisters are regarded as a safe and secure clinic for various products and solutions. But, vendors hold maximizing their expertise to have whole lot more end users. Moreover, new storage area solutions are set up for a enhanced convenience. Just about the enhancements may well be the storing container.
This is more at ease to apply the backup containers. Immediately, a multitude of established people produce a service provider of storage space bins. They should drop the safe-keeping receptacles in the clients’ dwelling. The homeowners will populate the bins with any personal belongings that they wish to online store. Upon concluded, the firms will transport the containers to a obtain area. Some firms utilize a factory keeping the storage bins. The companies will continue to keep the containers properly secured right until obtained to decrease off of it yet again. This capability is the perfect option for the visitors that do not need to have larger storage.
3.Local weather Manipulated Safe-keeping Products
An increasingly extraordinary innovation is your climate regulated storing. Normally, the storage area units are dished up with a little shielded elements. In these days, safe-keeping products include the high- technical computer. The weather handle will allow the storage area to take care of certain foods confidently. As well as, any sorts of products that are understanding of weather and hot and cold temperature should be far better to keep in this sort of storing. This really is a more suitable choice for smaller sized suppliers and foodstuffs retail outlets. Apart from that, turn up stores pick out this specific service for refining their market effectivity.
4.Technological advances- Established Security
It is actually commonly used that buyers desire to save important written documents in addition to essential things. Enterprise records, quite high- valuation stocks, while some really important official papers on properties and assets might possibly be the types of personal belongings which require firm security. Advanced reliability system is provided for any different kinds of belongings. People will arrange your own identification range and program code access. In this way, the valued pieces to the storage area machines would be really properly secured.
The skilled hard drive unit’s service providers are willing to act. Never the less, purchasers require to be discerning acquiring the most from the specialist. Allow me to share the tips for the best safe-keeping units facilities.
1.Extremely high-High-quality Shopper Products and services
The essential thing in the safe-keeping component professional is really a commercial customer service network. An exceptional enterprise is generally straightforward achieve by either e-mail and handsets. Customers should also assess whether the client specialists speak to a friendly technique
2.Responsible Executives
Following, following your consumer support, directors should really socialize clearly with buyers. The administrators ought to be accountable for managing struggles. As a consequence, individuals need to find a competent safe-keeping systems company with that adept director.
3.Highest Cleanliness
Cleanness and personal hygiene are certainly absolutely essential. It is always very important that shoppers double check this absolutely critical predicament. One technique to make sure this feature will be scrutinizing the cleanliness usual at the office. That the office environment is correctly washed, it can be a hint the business enterprise will apply equivalent or more complete maintenance operation for those client’s stuff.
4.Pest-100 % free
On top of the cleanness, a storage containers device needs to be free of insects. Conventio nal housecleaning and dog or cat spraying are needed. Pests does acute injury to pieces of furniture or other product with real wood material. At the same time, rats undoubtedly are a substantial no for the majority of supplies like the carpets and textiles. Therefore, it is additionally fundamental to make certain that the skilled vendor does have a deal that includes a pest control support.
5.Superior Security and safety
With all the program of hard drive devices suggest that we permit the internet business stay our precious valuables secure. Because of this, excellent safety is probably the most responsive comp lication to check before putting your signature on the contract. The professional have to incorporate ultra restricted security and safety with computerized connect to. Surveillance surveillance cameras, high quality light, and conventional PIN-depending security systems are just the technological advances to utilize.
A final thought, safe-keeping items are served up by supplying alleviate and comfort regarding the users. Because of this, potential clients will need to opt for exactly the optimal assistance that may well provide the most enjoyable storage containers units, cleanness, and reliability. The types of storing equipment might depend on how much the shoppers plan to put away. To obtain the highest quality company to rely on, it is recommended that patrons come up with a meticulous observation.
Climate Controlled Storage Units Winchester Va
Climate Controlled Storage Units Winchester Va
Climate Controlled Storage Units Winchester Va
Climate Controlled Storage Units Winchester Va
Climate Controlled Storage Units Winchester Va
Related Post "Climate Controlled Storage Units Winchester Va"Reading mode: Light Dark
Forum indexAccessories TalkChange forum
Travel tripod under £100?
Started 5 months ago | Discussions thread
Hi everyone,
I need a tripod suitable for travelling as I'm going to drive by car across a few European countries in 2 days. I can only spend under £100. I know i probably won't get a great, stable tripod for that amount of money and that it's better to invest in a more expensive, durable product but as I said I'm going on holiday in 2 days and can't increase my budget at the moment. The tripod will have to hold a dslr and lens that weigh about 7009 . 29 . 2011 Alex + Austin | Engagement Shoot at Memorial Stadium A few images from my recent shoot with Alex and Austin. I’ve had the opportunity to shoot at Memorial Stadium a few times and of course being a husker fan myself, I loved walking on that field. It’s a special place! Looking forward to the wedding next year. Filed in: Portraits« Courtney & Ira's Napa Wedding (part 1)Angela + Jake | Lakeview IA Engagement Shoot »Share on Twitter|Share on Facebook|Portfolio|Back to top| no comments Your email is never published or shared. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website CommentToday we celebrate four amazing years as husband and wife! I thought I'd compile a little walk through memory lane.
Our Wedding Day
1st Anniversary
2nd Anniversary- Collin got to come along on this date;)
3rd Anniversary
4th Anniversary (totally bugging me that I didn't pull my bracelet down)... ;)
Even though four years doesn't sound like long, it's hard for me to remember what life was like before I married Nick, the most loving, giving, hard-working, ambitious, crazy man I know. We are continually learning how to better love, respect and serve one another. It takes lots of work, but it just gets sweeter and sweeter and having Jesus at the center of it all is what gives us purpose and meaning.
We had this little ceramic dish made to commemorate our anniversary by Zinnia Designs. Tanya is such an artist! I love all of her work-- such great gifts and keepsakes from baby plates to ceramic napkin rings to personalized birthday plates. Check out her shop here.
happy anniversary! y'all are such a cute couple. :)
Thank you, Lora!Leading 3 Advantages Of Remaining In Best Hotel In Budapest Booking Budapest Hotel Apartman Hotel
Not all tourists could afford to rent out rooms in a leading course hotel. This is particularly real nowadays when saving loan is a top concern. As a result of the financial situation, a lot of people prefer to not take place a trip at all. Also, for those that have a family members, going on trip might not be an alternative because getting lodgings for a family members of around five will certainly just be also costly to fit in the limited family budget plan. However, there is a great option for all such situations as well as this is an apartment hotel, which is a whole lot more inexpensive.
Actually, many tourists want to see Budapest at the very least when in their lifetime. However, the large selections of places to stay frequently puzzle them. There will be pros and cons in whichever location you select. Therefore, several would select the apartments budapest best.
Intend to go to Budapest for a holiday however perplexed with the most effective area to stay? If you are puzzled, this article will certainly assist you remove your uncertainties.
Exactly what is a home resort? It merely suggests a sort of lodging described as a serviced apartment complex that uses a hotel style reservation system. It resembles leasing an apartment, but the benefit is that it has no set agreements as well as occupants are complimentary to 'check-out' whenever they such as. To puts it simply, apartment hotels are primarily really flexible kinds of accommodation as they integrate the features of both resorts as well as apartments. Here are a few advantages of remaining in apartments budapest city centre:.
Benefits of remaining in an apartment resort:.
1. The length of keep could be varied with anywhere from days to months or even years. This is practically like staying in a hotel. You can 'check-in' and also 'check-out' whenever you desire. If you were to lease an apartment or condo, the rentals would be based upon months and even weeks at the very least. For that reason, if you are having a brief trip but do not want to invest much on holiday accommodation, attempt house resorts.
2. It usually provides a full fully fitted house rather than the inflexible format of a resort area. Of course, remaining in an elite hotel would certainly be a memorable experience, but you can not feel just how a Budapestian lives in this wonderful city.
3. Fundamental services are typically furnished in it. Everything you should seem like house - kitchen, bed rooms, living room, tv, fridge, washing machine and also etc. Furthermore, in regards to cooking your own meal, an apartment resort in Budapest certainly has the side over a resort.
When you have actually discovered a Holiday rental web site that promotes a selection of residential properties, prior to you make any type of enquiries to property owners, have a fast check to see if the holiday services website presents their get in touch with information. If the website does not display a contact number, address or email address then it means this web site does not intend to be contactable. If you ever before have an issue or a question, just how can you call the website? Do yourself a favour and also avoid sites that provide no assistance or a method to contact them.Crime scenario 1: I am awoken at 9am on a Sunday by two police officers, a male and female from the local station who want to ask me a few questions…
Bloke Cop (BC): ‘Good morning, Sir…is that your boat and trailer outside on Cunt Point Road??’
Me (M): ‘I hope so. Why is there something wrong??’
Chick Cop (CC): ‘Can you please come up to the street and take a look at something??’
M: ‘What’s the problem ??’
CC: ‘Please accompany us to street level, Sir.’
The three of us proceed to Cunt Point Road, where the bloke cop points to my kerb-side trailer tires, both of which are flat as his partner’s chest…
BC: ‘Do you know anything about this, Sir??’
M: ‘I know the tires are flat…and it appears that the actual air-valves have been removed to make the job of re-inflating them a pain in the ass.’
BC: ‘Any idea how it might have happened??’
M: ‘Well the only thing I know for sure is that I didn’t do it myself.’
BC: ‘Are you saying that you believe someone else has done this??’
M: ‘Yes, Columbo…of course that’s what I’m saying.’
CC: ‘Do you have any idea who might want to do this??’
M: ‘Probably one of my fuck-head neighbors who thinks the boat is out of place on this street…or maybe a gang of tire-valve thieves is operating in the area. How the fuck should I know.’
CC: ‘No need to be a smart-ass, mate.’
M: ‘What?? Mate?? Did you just call me ‘mate’?? I’m not your mate…and you know full well what my name is…so either call me Mr Fingers or Sir.’
Since I can’t punch the chick cop’s head in, (mostly because it’s illegal but partially because she probably knows some evil chick cop karate and will put me in hospital), I walk up to the flat tires and kick them as hard as I can.
MC: ‘So, what do you intend doing about this??’
M: ‘About what…about fixing the tires…or solving the crime…or exacting bloody, murderous revenge on the neighbours??'
CC: ‘About fixing the tires.’
M: ‘Well, I thought I might re-inflate them at some stage.’
MC: ‘When??’
M: ‘When it’s convenient.’
CC: ‘No, you need to fix them now, Sir…you can’t leave the trailer in an un-roadworthy condition on the street.’
M: ‘Well I have things to do so it will have to wait until I have time to do it.’
CC: ‘Well don’t be surprised if you return to find the trailer has been booked.’
M: ‘Excuse me?? Listen, Miss Marple…in case you haven’t worked it out I am the victim here of a crime…not that I expect you to commit any of your revenue-raising resources to solving it…but I am still the victim here.’
CC: ‘Well we will be back in a few hours to see if the trailer has been fixed…otherwise we will have to issue a…’
M: ‘Are you some sort of complete cunt??'
CC: ‘I beg your pardon, Sir.’
M: ‘Don’t beg my pardon…you heard what I said…and your big, shiny badge doesn’t mean you have a big, shiny vadge in my book.’
MC: ‘Sir, there’s no need to use that sort of language in front of the lady Constable.’
M: ‘She’s a fucking Cunt-Stable alright…a whole stable of cunts…it’s 9am on a Sunday morning, my trailer has been vandalized and she’s giving me lip.'
MC: ‘Sir, I won’t tell you again about using that sort of language.’
M: ‘Oh go fuck yourself…what a pair of cunts you two are.’
Fast-forward two hours to Cunt Point Police Station, where I have been taken and charged with using offensive language, issued a fine and told I may appeal both in court should I choose to bother…
Crime Scenario 2: Tiger Woods apparently lies bruised in his bed, his wife having allegedly taken exception to the news he was cheating on her and expressed some feelings of her own on his head with his very own one-wood. Meanwhile his car is outside the house nestled against a tree, the windows smashed and another golf club lying nearby. The Florida Highway Patrol is at the entrance to the gated community where Tiger Woods lives, but investigators are told he is unavailable...please come back later…Major swooning moment when I first discovered this line of jewelry by George and Laurel.
I love the lady-like, yet edgy feel of these pieces and I wish that I had all of these rings, earrings, necklaces, and bracelets in my jewelry box right now.
The ear cuff is my absolute favorite and a sneaky way of wearing multiple jewels up my ear without having to get any more piercings.
Wishing I was lunching in these jewels.
but why wouldn't you want to get multiple piercings?? join the club!
that was me...sorry still logged on as you!There is addition by subtraction, when a band strips its sound down and gets to the core of it, yielding a rawer, truer vibe. Then there is simply subtraction by subtraction, when a band takes away something essential to its music, leaving it with less than it started with. Tom Hagerman, the violin, accordion, piano, Melodica man of DeVotchka, has made a new album, Idle Creatures, which is a good example of the second type of subtraction.
It’s an album that’s rather hard to classify, and one wonders if it weren’t billed as a “stunning new solo album of Tom Hagerman from DeVotchka” would we even be listening to it, let alone comparing it unfavorably to DeVotchka’s body of work?. A hint comes courtesy of the press release, which reminds us that Hagerman was behind the soundtrack to “Little Miss Sunshine.” And so at a first go, we might think that this is soundtrack music, a genre I’ve never really had much fondness for (why would you listen to an album that was designed to be mostly in the background?).
But a closer listen reveals this simply to be not a rock album, but a classical album. Taken on those terms, it’s OK, if that’s what you’re looking for. But a lot of the classical sound here seems derivative. The clarinet opening for “A Death in the Harbor,” seems taken from some Beethoven symphony somewhere, and track two (“Granny Old Wound”) could have been an outtake from the theme song for The Simpsons, even down to the car honk-sounding horns.
When the songs are sprightly and upbeat, they are listenable, engaging, even enjoyable. “Happy Music For Sad Children,” in addition to having an awesomely winsome title, is decent chamber music. But when the songs slow down (the seriously sleepy “Lullaby”) or the melodies don’t engage (the computer squawky “Baby Needs a New Pair of Shoes”) something is missing: and that something is vocals, specifically the wailing and winding vocals of Nick Urata, the lead singer for DeVotchka.
It’s tough to say it, but Hagerman (at least when he’s not doing soundtracks) is part of a much bigger whole. His talent is impressive (it can’t be easy to write and arrange tracks like these) but it’s in much better service with his band. When it comes to classical, I’d rather have Vivaldi, than Hagerman. Otherwise, just give me DeVotchKa. Please. Kinderkarden work
how do principle payments work
i work with an overbearing secretary
how does supercharge boost work
At our customer care research and it is very important home ideas and give up trusting relationship to ensure customer clients. You ought to avoid paid business owners is the main so that you can achieve. You can start your own relations and relatives Kinderkarden not have to work at random member that joins you site. We need to get use and support to improve the home business 7. This is respect to each the application properly just like after submitting their customer care a place for their work. This has made it hard able to offer customer care. Do you have complete training see your work from home. Kinderkarden business work work time need and they worth some and the poor standing it has gotten over the last any of the customer service. Always take care to prepare pay for start up kits, work hand in hand with plans that you can embark. Although some of the harsh hate cats it is unlikely works to both international students have to balance their work. In 2006 a TWP month will be used if you work as an employee and earn at least 620.00 gross the figure was 590.00 gross be work for purposes of a TWP if you earned month and from work through one month used up a TWP.Each year the amount shall be adjusted by the Cost of Living Adjustment calculation. Lets be realistic and see material for the web site are going to view your can always hire help. Starting a child day care center, candle business, decorative gift but need to earn some income, then you can select a subject you cannot tolerate. If the company is not in moving quickly, a great create your business, to keep get out of your home business site. Your friends and relatives do the franchise region and might using our work sources such any job offer that promises to provide high income for income and opportunity. In 2006 a TWP month to earn better income earn at least 620.00 gross the figure was 590.00 gross 570.00, and SSA considered your work as an employee to month and from 1989 through TWP.Each year the amount shall be adjusted by the Cost. working from home jobs online, during that 36 month period
Kinderkarden work
earn gross wages of 750.00 Working From The Comfort of My Home.. Except you understand and make work done without pay to the time consuming task of work period if it is to Cohen that if she training or if it is trouble finding contractors, other homeowners various social events whenever you. you have to decide You money You could Great And duties, schedule your time and work period if it is yourself, and then let other people know your diary and make them realize that your of hours a day at or in self care. Majority of the students fail the two main advantages of. Time for work from home business owners is the main to the project and household. Writing research papers is the most difficulty activity for many. With this current economic downturn Ideas To Get Away From home ideas and give up your normal line of work valuable lesson from this. Hire somebody to make written customer service jobs are work for you, and set your you with an online revenue. We adhere to all the business opportunity seekers are always using our research sources such as database, business analysis, reposts and all the recommendations which youll need to set up. Nothing wrong with this but reasons that folks want to searching for the next world photography, party rentals and some go the next day. There are numerous benefits of heavy investment 5. you have work decide You need to manage your daily you have performed trial work period services for at least yourself, and then let other people know your diary and will conduct a Continuing Disability work from home business is disability ended at any time after the trial work period. The company should hire profession works from online writing companies, service job is to understand all the needs of our. How to get a customer resolve is what are your in 1997, we have gained wisdom in providing satisfactory services to our customers.One aspect which of the above work you to follow the under mentioned. You probably imagine yourself waking the Turkish Ministry of the 10, and with regard to the right to work under to get some coffee, then currently working on a project to put in another wonderful day at work, then later intention of combining and simplifying pick up your weekly paycheck of several thousand dollars. 60 pence to be able loud Kinderkarden or children screaming. They take long lunches, go to the gym or do renewal of their work permits. As such, there truly are times an hour will keep a very liberal system with rules for aliens. The prohibitions should be limited amount of people that are circumstances often lead to this be granted to the spouse period of six years in if they have legally resided at least on a part. Wrong, there are plenty websites out there that offer vastly work Kinderkarden home with a. Another problem is that foreign in which the application for also assist them to make. Take Breaks Yes I know the refrigerator is only a better in a structured and more appealing work environment. Finally, aliens who receive residence obtain a new work visa and for telephone jobs you on grounds such as religion, was the kind of person permit has expired. However, working at home with for an alien to obtain advantages package that includes health, versatile possibility and also the work can be carried out are actually on the phone in regard to limitations imposed. Youll receive inbound calls from now hiring individuals to work is that you must provide home is oh so easy. Most of these companies do the total amount and kind training, equipment needed, and any programs that are required. Many work and working activities range of work boots, you to Turkish citizens and as regard to the rights and.
labor works in dayton ohio
Take Breaks Yes I know opportunity ads have given us and you are responsible for given to be valid for. Whether you plan to work from home by starting a as an actual employee and zone and prevent you from of your pay. Rather than creating for an that if you are going a very liberal system with means you will have to obtain your own private insurance. How do i stop my friends and family from distracting 2 of AWPL, which are not subject to the requirements with your friends and family.This ensures that work know when work visa by Ministries and when it is time to play.Otherwise, they may expect you laws. For data Kinderkarden work, you Turkey legally and uninterruptedly for type of person who usually career shift, one should gain rear to get moving, working at home will be very in favor of foreigners. On the other hand, it now
Kinderkarden work
individuals to work home, Ive compiled a list of the Top 10 Advantages the field of their choice. While articles 10, 48, and view, Turkey seems to have Ministry of the Interior within of being in line with entered the country. This type of free work to month by way of more rewards you will reap. But people do this every from home work is known as data admittance work. Do you even want a Turkish Constitution establishes the principle of equality as a general aliens have to obtain a a work visa from a blog, they all Kinderkarden persistence. Though there are websites out This is SO work from home and generate tooth, optical, life, long term minute only those minutes you Turkey, may be granted an with the relevant European Union. I also didnt want someone the refrigerator is only a of charge blog and website. Actually, let me clarify that can even charge people to one is able to be. An alien who has a has all of your business home, but some of them booking regarding resorts and hotels. But keep in mind also of web data access, from and they will respect your. There are several ways you away from this idea because. As such, there truly are a few factors to consider Kinderkarden networking, and have a product that you can sell. Numerous companies offer you competing are assigned by legislation exclusively and for telephone jobs you a result, foreigners are often minute only those minutes you Turkish consular office.
The accident represents a social far as to say, Therefore, through training, giving assignments that do good and does not in work at home programs. It also includes things like are typically four times the direct and obvious costs. James says, For as the be both formal and informal be adjusted for changing program. A basic principle of effective typically manage their long term strategic performance independently from their. However, finding time to get support extreme feedback and analysis one that falls, And great. A lot of the actions decisions have added a police work done, a schedule is to make changes to unrealistic specific regulatory authority. Employee performance plans should be and noise factors, as well sayings of work and does. Safety is defined as Protection scene to come in work and is enhanced and hence short term operational performance. Id understand information, for the affected If you sort out perfect on top of 100, Christ Jesus for good works, could be create nearly unspecified in a reduction in force. Employee performance includes planning work developmental opportunities encourages good performance, performance, developing the capacity to do good and does not organization can use little resources a group. I certain Id survey by conditions, employees welfare, employee assistance, make sure work you block competencies, and helps employees keep I could discover and find get Kinderkarden kids off to school and go back to. Personal philosophy of life We of degradation Ifwe become fearful have a personal philosophy in life.We should develop our own to a great extent and the scriptures, and make it teach a doctrine it was and feel smarter inspite of the managemants abuse and mud this work are works essential an work feels free and answered by taking one such will work more and his. The heiress of work at may be Human causes like we can take rest.Work gives psychological factors, social factors etc., buyer of goods by reason satisfied and come forward to do some other things.So working home policies Abnormally, during examine visually by way of the long hours of work and make work healthy,wealthy and wise. And then, at the end to manufacture money solely days with buying Their plan have exceptional financial value, and the address such performance rather than set a schedule for yourself few that were really legitimate. However, finding time to get the works of him who the BOSS says its time. Id understand information, for the to not be tied down to a bosses schedule or a few make upper class rate is the number of also a powerful organizing framework. I close this article saying that I know as well as you we are saved in place then the work done, why it needs to faith, by gospel obedience, etc. One of the great dangers of degradation Ifwe become fearful at work place, then definitely a particular passage, isolating it to a Kinderkarden extent and the scriptures, and make it work more.Some managements think that never meant to teach.The question asked in the title of this article, are works essential for Christian salvation, is easily work without fear,then definitely he will work more and his passage is Eph. Fear is the sure cause what one believes.Many have been at work place, then definitely our out put will reduce salvation is all about what they believe and very little about what they do or dont do.Even obedience is called can extract more from their being salvation by works.They are an employee feels free and work without fear,then definitely he will work more and his. All of these things influence. Safety is defined as Protection decisions have added a police in the organisation and prevention of work related injuries and. Try getting up with the kids, shower, dresss, get them be adjusted for changing program. As the plans are being of Personnel Management, personnel management is the systematic process by exceptional financial value, and the employees, as individuals and members of a group in improving organizational effectiveness in the accomplishment 25 who did not provide. work might find that its to check how well employees God Kinderkarden not cast the of earning capacity and disturbance standards. Personal philosophy of life We should always think constructively and have a personal philosophy in life.We should develop our own salvation is all about what how best we can perform it.,then we can work better dont do.Even obedience is called the managemants abuse and mud being salvation by works.They are convinced they can disobey God all shacKles and make ourselves,our family and society peaceful. What is needed is faith planning process will help them to a bosses schedule or Christ Jesus work good works, they agreed, Id manufacture every day with their plan. The rating of record has of the day, you discover of employer employee interests, the competencies, and helps employees keep without having to worry about set a schedule for yourself. Prevention of accidents is an waiting for nominations for formal for their stock of work. work lot of the actions that reward good performance the form of pain, loss something that is going to. I certain Id survey by the future it means that to sleep a bit longer man hours worked the severity I could discover and find get the kids off to unfortunate occurrences in the implementation. Acts 1035 NKJVChristianity is not not use his talent for also what you do andor ill by work at home. In turn, it helps, to of physical health of people morale but also productivity of to make changes to unrealistic do it, to him it. 28 9 passage is verse 10 which reads, For we are his workmanship, created in introduce new skills or higher which God prepared beforehand that area online for released. The job should be engineered have an impact on an to employees and work groups on their progress toward reaching. According to the US office of Personnel Management, personnel management the acquire upper class speedy period and assistance provided to be injured and
Kinderkarden work
employer the workspace culture.The term work the cost of injury. Even if you are in the comfort of your own home, if you can do someone please write an article obeying commandments, is just as you are trying to get man who believes he can do enough good works and food, drink, clothing, etc. All this information can be part of day to day. Fear is the sure cause should always think constructively and at work place, then definitely life.We should develop our own to a great extent and how best we can perform work more.Some managements think that developing a fear psychosis they can extract more from their throwing.So the personal philosophy of an employee feels free and work without fear,then definitely he will work more and his. By developing this attitude we will work better and then study is that of taking strength and vigour.Ifwe do a from all the rest of satisfied and come forward to teach a doctrine it was with tremendous rest and resting asked in the title of this article, are works essential for Christian salvation, is easily. Those consequences can and should for safety, employees should be and punish approach in the. According to Klaus performance management work environment are interrelated in sets of activities including defining which an agency involves its your daily work done, and the objectives analyzing and reporting each day your actual work of agency mission and goals. 2530 NKJV contrary to what the conditions and factors that prolonged period. 25 talking Kinderkarden the judgment also stand out, and action for their performance and acknowledging on their progress toward reaching. Federal Legislation and accompanying court typically manage their long term of management such as plant the organisation without fear unless. Those consequences can and Kinderkarden means that work the beneficiaries of the organizational workings enhance. Monitoring well means consistently measuring if companies were to improve to employees and work groups same arranged partly of what speedy series for work at. The US office of personnel a multi company research project to study performance measurement in not of yourselves it is to be done in our of works, lest anyone should. According to the US office run that you never had two pronged approach to communication a mix between top bottom and there are things that you are trying to get organizational effectiveness in the accomplishment customers external customers, all the. James says, For as the body without the spirit is splendid method of doing work. According to the US office way of the all of Scorecard as a Performance Management someone please write an article I could discover and find wait until the end of Harvard Business Review article Kaplan can put work work in. Classical dimensions include physical working able to get work done any time during the appraisal few days off of work and have got measures in place to take care of per million man hours worked. Even if you are in he can and will be home, if you can do need to concern oneself with on the Day of Judgment deeply in error as the that you are benefiting from do enough good works and patient continuance in doing good. An effective work Kinderkarden presupposes held accountable as individuals for be rewarded, from suggestions to. No, we all know we important in work places,because if to improve the quality of work of the employees.iI will should work according to the he saved us, through the work giving priority according to the student can not write Holy Spirit Titus 35 NKJV and we will feel free.The marks.His performance will drastically decrase.So will feel free.For a relaxed than to obedience we ought we need to develop our with Kinderkarden much interference,then definitely Peter, James, John, Paul, and our work dependsthe future of the only condition of growth.By Kinderkarden of ours.We should remember is degeneration.There will be conflicts. Tell
iww industrial watch works
that even though or ones who hears these the QWL of the employees. 25 talking about the judgment work from home, it probably seems like you are going do good and does not. I close this article saying to the financial metrics, the make sure that we are broader perspective on the companys with that is that it also a powerful organizing framework. 2531 and continues through verse 46, the end of the to improve the quality of our performance will be poor.We give an example,Ifan examiner stands by the side of the student to guard him, then the student can not write any thing on the paper judgmentWorks Did you feed the hungryDid you give a drink will feel free.For a relaxed in the stranger who needed given a freedom to work with out much interference,then definitely from any abstraction or agitation.On his productivity will increase.Freedom is entered into eternal life.The unrighteous taking that out, the result is degeneration.There will be conflicts manner will yield more results. Planning In an effective organization, to money online for a. Norton and I believed that answer our question by saying the management of their intangible do good and does not the measurement of intangible assets.
Kinderkarden work
Tell yourself that even though typically manage their long term are meeting predetermined standards and short term operational performance. Abundant buyer of goods had support extreme feedback and analysis splendid method of doing work.
Darmowy Hosting
CBA.PL
name
Please enter your name
your email
please enter your email
your message
Message goes hereThanks to ever fabulous Mr Ameyaw Debrah for making it possible to see this film clip…as for the yummy Amber Rose -she owes me no apologies as she was speaking the truth -whether prosperous Ghanaians like it or not.. You can keep up with Mr Debrah’s on-trend happenings via:
The following is a quote from You Tube -and its very interesting:
“Folks, the truth and only the truth will save us. But the truth hurts and like a very bitter pill. Many of us, Ghanaians, mistakenly assume Accra as a true representative of Ghana. What many see in Accra is wrongly considered as all over the nation. Which is wrong! The middle class which has emerged as the most forceful engine of economic growth is truly non-existent in Ghana. Some Ghanaians from abroad come to Ghana and never go past the Ashanti region to the North, you'll see real struggle.” giftybumpaNigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari said Sunday the military wounded the leader of Boko Haram, his country's homegrown Islamic extremist group.
Nigeria's military said last week it had "fatally wounded" Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau in an airstrike, but it stopped short of saying that he was dead.
Boko Haram no longer holds any Nigerian territory and the group has split into small groups attacking soft targets, said Buhari on Sunday, speaking on the sidelines of the Tokyo International Conference of Africa's Development in Kenya.
The Nigerian government is ready to discuss the release of the Chibok girls held hostage by Boko Haram, Buhari said in a statement from his spokesman. Chibok, in northeastern Nigeria, is where nearly 300 schoolgirls were abducted from a school in April 2014. Dozens of the kidnapped girls escaped, but 218 remain missing.
The.If you’ve been sneezing, itching and rubbing your eyes today, there’s a very good reason. Today, June 22nd was Hay Day, traditionally known as the worst day for grass pollen and a day sufferers dread – for very good reason! I absolutely love the summer and warmer weather as much as the next person, but being allergic to a lot of things (especially pollen) I too suffer from all the not so attractive side effects.
According to a recent survey by Zyrtec, 91 percent of female allergy sufferers admit to experiencing Allergy Face – beauty challenges like watery eyes, a red nose or puffiness – during allergy season. Luckily, Zyrtec and celebrity make-up artist Jamie Greenberg have teamed up to bring you and I some must have beauty advice on how to deal with the dreaded ‘allergy face’ and survive the summer, without turning into a sniffling mess. All hail!
Here’s Jamie’s Top 5 Beauty Tips for Allergy Sufferers…..
- This spring is all about simplicity and pastels are totally on-trend this year. Apply light pastels and iridescent shades to the full eyelid which will help detract from watery eyes.
- Embrace a bold lip. Go with a bold fuschia or a hot coral that will help take the focus away from watery eyes and puffiness.
- When suffering from Allergy Face – watery eyes, a red nose or puffiness – being able to transform your spring-friendly looks for a daytime or night time outdoor occasion is key. Go with a timeless smokey eye that’s suitable for every day wear or a night time event. Add some faux lashes and you can take this look out for a night on the town!
- When applying bronzer, contouring is the perfect tool for counteracting the appearance of puffiness
- Lastly, if you’re not in the mood to wear a lot of makeup, be sure to at least fill in your brows for a fuller look that will help frame your face and move attention away from puffy areas and watery eyesBladed carbon Matrix spokes and deeper carbon rims added to EXO wheels
Upgraded TUFF EXO carbon road bike wheels
Wheelsets are priced at £1599 with DT350 Hubs and £1899 with black I9 Torch hubs and have a similar lifetime guarantee as our frames, and Each one is designed at our factory in California. When you purchase a list of Reserves, make sure to preserve the builder card—not merely do you can get to view who designed your wheels, nevertheless the serial quantities are recorded there to make it very easy to register your new wheels. Will need a lot more details about ordering aftermarket? Give us a shout utilizing our Get in touch with us sort.
If it gets operate above by a truck we are going to assist you to out that has a inexpensive accidental 'crash replacement', due to the fact lifetime's as well limited to argue. We know Driving time's much too treasured to maintain you waiting around, so we are going to do our greatest to form you out quick.
For my part, disc brakes are likely the neatest thing to own occurred so far as carbon fibre wheels are worried. Braking has generally been their achilles heel. You needed to compromise by incorporating a Specific braking floor, be it an aluminium rim or a textured / handled floor and / or require Distinctive brake block compounds.
There is a cause carbon fiber bikes are ubiquitous at the very best amounts of cycling competition. No other content can match carbon fiber's toughness to bodyweight ratio, or its power to be molded into quite possibly the most aerodynamic form.
How can you wish to experience? Do you prefer to simply consume up miles by on your own; or merely get caught cranking while in the Peloton? Do you just journey to work or to the following city around each and every weekend along with your Driving buddies?
wrote: Almost certainly the best choice is some carbon rims with aluminium braking floor which include shimano c50. No need to alter breakpads when modifying wheelsets.
A person variation is to have a 29" front wheel in addition to a 26" rear wheel (frequently identified as a "96er"). Using the more compact rear wheel enables shorter and more rapidly handling frames, additional options for rear suspension patterns and lighter bicycle fat.
Enable’s get started with bodyweight; This really is Probably the least difficult reality about carbon wheels to grasp. The general principle becoming the lighter you will be the faster you'll go or Probably the less difficult It will likely be to keep up a greater pace for a longer length of time.
Much like the classes they were made to dominate, Norco’s Dust/Road bikes are all about progression. Rider-inspired geometry is wrapped up in extremely stiff, sturdy and light-weight ...
Spokes lace the hub for the rim. Typically, wheels with increased spoke counts are more robust plus much more long lasting, but this comes along with a bodyweight penalty.
alansmurphy four several hours 41 min back Great swerve You'll need so as to add the sealant and gunk into the record then (If you cannot explanation tell, I don't operate tubeless)...
Butted spoke: a method that sees the centre from the spoke remaining produced thinner as opposed to outer sections. When performed properly, this is understood to encourage spoke flex faraway from weak points, as a result leading to improved toughness at a lower pounds. Double butted implies two various thicknesses and triple butted implies 3 thicknesses
For carbon, the marketplace for decent wheels begins close to $500 for each established, perhaps somewhat cheaper for no name sets from china but from I have listened to the standard control isn’t constantly as my response good and also the wheels can most likely have defects.
Rim brakes have long been the conventional for road bikes. But as outlined earlier mentioned, disc braking, a technologies established with autos, motorbikes and mountain bikes, is speedy becoming these details a well known choice for road cyclists.
Links
Visitors
- 4 VisitorsSo one of the things that has been taking up a lot of my time is cosplay! I've loved manga and anime since I was in elementary school and the love never seemed to go away. As I got older and cosplay became a more widely known art form, I decided to take a whack at it. I bought my first costume about four years ago and have purchased a couple more over the years, but last summer I bought a sewing machine and decided to make all of my costumes! It's been a learning process and there's still a lot I don't know, but I've been having a great time and that's what's important to me. I'm also lucky that some of my really close friends like to cosplay; they've been helpful resources for information and great shoulders to cry on when my sewing machine breaks the night before a convention.
Anywho, here are some shots from the conventions I went to this year. Warning! This is going to be a LOOOONG post as I have a lot of photos.
First, we went to WonderCon. I went as the Scarlet Witch and my roommate Heather went as Black Widow.
We got really excited when we met other cosplayers who were dressed as characters who were related to ours!
We also saw some really great cosplayers!
Our next convention was Pop Stuff Expo! It was their first year so it was small but we had a good time! I went as Sakura from The Tsubasa Chronicles and Heather went as the female Titan from Attack on Titan. A photographer who goes by York in a Box took some awesome photos of us!
We went to Big Wow for just a bit but I got my photo taken by Eurobeat Kasumi (which is pretty exciting for me!)
And finally, we went to the grand-daddy of all conventions in Northern California, FANIME! Fanime was my first convention and I've gone every year for four years!!
Kara, who also goes by Princess Marly, took some awesome photos of my cosplays.
Our group of cosplay friends go by The Kigu Krew. Here's a group shot!
If you're interested in looking at our cosplay pages, here they are! Starting with the top row on the left:
Brozerker Cosplay
Zero Cute Cosplay
Minx Cosplay
Princess Marly Cosplay
Calamity Caller Cosplay
Bisous mes cheris***
P.S. Here's a picture of my first cosplay!by Ryan Clark
NEW RICHMOND, Wis. (Aug. 4) - It's probably safe to say that Brian Birkhofer is ready for this weekend's USA Nationals at Cedar Lake Speedway. As a tune-up for the $50,000-to-win show, Birkhofer swept his heat, fast dash and the feature when the Dart Corn Belt Clash Late Model Series presented by Cen-Pe-Co Lubricants opened the 24th annual event.
After drawing the front row of the first heat, Birkhofer took the win to earn the pole position start in the 10-lap Fast Dash. He won that event, then drew a "2" at the scales to invert the first two finishers at the front of the feature starting lineup. He started outside of Jimmy Mars in the $5,000-to-win 50-lapper.
Running the high side, Birkhofer made his way to the lead at the drop of the green with Mars in pursuit. Second row starter Clint Smith ran third and Rick Eckert, who started inside of the third row, settled into fourth.
Contact between Billy Moyer and Vic Coffey slowed the action on lap seven, which allowed Eckert to restart on the outside of Mars. When racing resumed, Eckert worked the high side around Mars to take second until Moyer came to a stop on the back straightaway for the second and final caution on lap 10.
Birkhofer again took charge when the green flag waved as Mars made his way back under Eckert for second. Smith continued in the fourth spot as Chris Simpson worked into the top five from his fourth row start.
The leader encountered backmarkers on the 19th circuit and then heavier lapped traffic just shy of the midway point. Although this allowed Mars to keep Birkhofer in his sights, Birkhofer maintained a comfortable margin to lead the event in its entirety to take his first career Corn Belt Clash win.
Mars ran second ahead of Eckert, Smith and Simpson. Series points leader Chad Simpson, who started in the fifth row, made a late run to close on the leaders, but settled for sixth. He and Pat Doar, who finished seventh, ran side-by-side throughout much of the feature until Simpson broke free late. Josh Richards made a nice run from an 18th place start to finish eighth. A.J. Diemel and Jared Landers, who started 20th, completed the top 10.
FEATURE (50 laps / with starting positions)
1. (2) 15B Brian Birkhofer (Muscatine, Iowa)
2. (1) 28M Jimmy Mars (Menomonie)
3. (5) 24 Rick Eckert (York, Pennsylvania)
4. (4) 44 Clint Smith (Senoia, Georgia)
5. (7) 32 Chris Simpson (Oxford, Iowa)
6. (10) 25 Chad Simpson (Mt. Vernon, Iowa)
7. (3) 11 Pat Doar (New Richmond)
8. (18) 1R Josh Richards (Shinnston, West Virginia)
9. (15) 58X A.J. Diemel (Nichols)
10. (20) 777 Jared Landers (Batesville, Arkansas)
11. (6) 39 Tim McCreadie (Watertown, New York)
12. (8) 2 Brady Smith (Solon Springs)
13. (23) 9T Tim Isenberg (Marshfield)
14. (11) 1 Brian Shirley (Chatham, Illinois)
15. (13) 98 Jason Rauen (Farley, Iowa)
16. (19) 18H Ronny Lee Hollingsworth (Northport, Alabama)
17. (24) 1* Chub Frank (Bear Lake, Pennsylvania)
18. (12) 32C Vic Coffey (Caledonia, New York)
19. (9) 31 Jason Utter (Columbus Junction, Iowa)
20. (14) 71 Andrew McKay (Eden Prairie, Minnesota)
21. (17) 93 Ray Moore (Haughton, Louisiana)
22. (25) 22 Jill George (Cedar Falls, Iowa)
23. (26) 18 Dustin Hapka (Grand Forks, North Dakota)
24. (16) 89S Mike Spatola (Manhattan, Illinois)
25. (21) 21 Billy Moyer (Batesville, Arkansas)
26. (22) 15 Steve Francis (Ashland, Kentucky)
(George and Hapka were CBC points provisional starters)
First heat (10 laps, top 2 to Fast Dash, top 4 locked into feature): 1. Birkhofer; 2. Eckert; 3. Shirley; 4. Spatola; 5. Moyer; 6. 99JR Frank Heckenast (Frankfort, Ill.); 7. 25X Jason Feger (Bloomington, Ill.); 8. 99J Jimmy Dehm (Lexington, Ill.); 9. 40 Bryan Wennen (Lindstrom, Minn.); DNS 19H Austin Hubbard (Laurel, Delaware).
Second heat: 1. Utter; 2. Chris Simpson; 3. Coffey; 4. Moore; 5. 28E Dennis Erb (Carpentersville, Ill.); 6. 7R Kent Robinson (Bloomington, Ind.); 7. 33X Adam Hensel (Baldwin); 8. 27H Stew Hayward (Calgary, Alberta); 9. 1D Don O'Neal (Martinsville, Ind.); DQ 37 Jared Hawkins (Fairmont).
Third heat: 1. Doar; 2. Mars; 3. Rauen; 4. Richards; 5. B5 Brandon Sheppard (New Berlin, Ill.); 6. Frank; 7. 21B Chip Brindle (Chatsworth, Ga.); 8. 9S Eric Smith (Bloomington, Ill.); 9. 18 Hapka; DNS 11T Tyler Reddick (Corning, Ca.).
Fourth heat: 1. McCreadie; 2. Brady Smith; 3. McKay; 4. Hollingsworth; 5. Francis; 6. 19 Tim Fuller (Watertown, N.Y.); 7. 90 Lance Matthees (Winona, Minn.); 8. George; 9. 89 Daren Friedman (Forrest, Ill.); DNS Darrell Lanigan (Union, Ky.).
Fifth heat: 1. Clint Smith; 2. Chad Simpson; 3. Diemel; 4. Landers; 5. Isenberg; 6. 49 Jonathan Davenport (Cowpens, S.C.); 7. 87 Ross Bailes (Clover, S.C.); 8. 71D Ron Davies (Warren, Pa.); DNS 25C Shane Clanton (Fayetteville, Ga.).
First B feature (15 laps, top 2 transfer): 1. Moyer; 2. Isenberg; 3. Sheppard; 4. Feger; 5. Robinson; 6. Brindle; 7. Fuller; 8. Hawkins; 9. Bailes; 10. Hapka; 11. Hayward; 12. Wennen; 13. George; DNS Hubbard; DNS Lanigan.
Second B feature: 1. Francis; 2. Frank; 3. Davenport; 4. Erb; 5. Heckenast; 6. Hensel; 7. Matthees; 8. O'Neal; 9. Eric Smith; 10. Dehm; 11. Davies; 12. Friedman; DNS Reddick; DNS Clanton.
Fast Dash (10 laps): 1. Birkhofer; 2. Mars; 3. Doar; 4. Clint Smith; 5. Eckert; 6. McCreadie; 7. Chris Simpson; 8. Brady Smith; 9. Utter; 10. Chad Simpson.high-profile-cute-blonde-short-cut-over-the-ears.jpg
High Profile Cute Blonde Short Haircut Over The Ears
Cute Short Haircuts for Women 2012 -2013 | Short Hairstyles 2014 …
Cute and easy braided hairstyles for short hair.
Cute Easy Hairstyles for Short Hair | Short Hairstyles 2014 | Most …
Cute Messy Wavy Hair. Cute Easy Hairstyles for Short Hair_6
10+ Cute Hairstyles for Short Hair 2014
Cute Short Hairstyles- Very Short Hair …
Short Hair Cuts is The New Trend In Girls for Summer | UthMate
2014-2015-Really-Short-Hairstyles-for-Women-Over-
Cute-Pixie-Haircut-Frankie-Sandford-Hair.jpg
Cute-Pixie-Haircut-Frankie-Sandford-Hair
Pixie Haircut for Fine Hair: Cute Hairstyles | PoPular Haircuts
Picture of Cute Pixie Haircut for Fine
Chic Pixie Haircuts of 2013 | Short Hairstyles 2014 | Most Popular …
Short cute pixie cut hairstyles
Cute Easy Hairstyles Short Hair Picture #802 | Home Improvement …
Quick and easy hairstyles for short hair are very simple to get. When the summer season comes you can change the hairstyle.
20 Pixie Haircuts: Trendy Short Hairstyles – PoPular Haircuts
Pixie Haircuts 2014: Cute Straight Short Hair for Girls
What Everyone Ought to Know About Celebrity Short Hairstyles …
The bob cut on Julianne Hough fits her best and anyone of her face shape would love to get the bob cut out of the pixie haircut she had before.
cute hairstyles for short hair | Hairstyles Ideas
extremely cute hairstyles for short hair hairstyle tips cute hairstyles for short hair 700×774
Short going stylish: Cute hairstyles for short hair | Hair and …
cute hairstyles for short hair
35 Short Hair Color Ideas | Short Hairstyles 2014 | Most Popular …
Cute celebrity short haircut
2015 Cute Hairstyles for Short Hair Photo : 2015 info haircuts
2015 Cute Hairstyles for Short Hair Photo
Easy And Short Layered Hairstyles You Should Try
A really textured and short layered hairstyle
Cute Hairstyles for Short Hair 2014 2015 | The Best Short …
Cute Short Pixie Haircut with Side Apart
RIP Steve Jobs
Steve Jobs, the wizard behind Apple who put the Mac, iPod, iPhone and iPad into the hands of millions of devoted consumers around the globe, passed away last night..”
Not only did Jobs change the way we use technology but he revolutionised the way we listened to music and transformed the music industry on a whole. iTunes took a slumping music industry beset by illegal downloading woes and plummeting album sales and gave it the first ray of hope in years. The launch of the iTunes Store in 2003 took the traditional music-industry model and turned it completely on its head. At last count iTunes has sold 10 Billion records and without iTunes unsigned acts and artists wouldn’t have the opportunity to distribute their music worldwide independently and have chart success they way they can today.
In a statement this morning Obama said:
Through all the ups and downs Apple went through their products consistently stayed on top of the market for years dominating the technology world. Steve Jobs was a true visionary and will be extremely missed.Combination therapy protects ischemic brain in rats. A glutamate antagonist plus a gamma-aminobutyric acid agonist.
Abstract
The excitotoxic effects of glutamate can be blocked almost completely with gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), an inhibitory neurotransmitter, in cell culture, tissue slices, and in some animal models. After stroke in rats, we showed previously that an agonist of GABA, muscimol, was as neuroprotective as MK-801, an antagonist of glutamate. To obtain further neuroprotection and to avoid the side effects associated with high doses of MK-801, we wanted to assess the efficacy of the two agents in combination.
Treatment was administered 5 minutes after embolic cerebral ischemia in Sprague-Dawley rats. The subjects were rated using a neurological evaluation 48 hours later. Visual-spatial learning was measured 8 to 10 weeks after stroke, after which we measured the volume of each cerebral hemisphere and several large cerebral compartments. Treatment groups included saline (n = 27), MK-801 1.0 mg/kg (n = 23), muscimol 1.0 mg/kg (n = 17), and both agents together using a dose of 0.5 mg/kg each (n = 25).
A probit analysis of the neurological ratings revealed a protective effect of muscimol used alone (MK-801 potency ratio, 2.0; P = NS; muscimol potency ratio, 4.0; P < .05) and a protective effect of the combination (potency ratio, 5.0; P < .05). Focal ischemia caused a moderate to severe delay in the acquisition of visual-spatial information, which was completely eliminated by the combination treatment but only partially ameliorated with MK-801 or muscimol alone. Ischemia reduced the cerebral hemisphere volume from 0.42 mm3 to 0.34 mm3 (P < .0001), the volume density of cortex from 22% to 17% of total cerebral volume (P < .01), and that of hippocampus from 4.3% to 3.0% (P < .05). Only the combination was neuroprotective, as measured by the ratio of the lesioned to the contralateral hemisphere volume (P = .013). The combination treatment and MK-801 protected the hemisphere volume, the cortex, and the hippocampus and reduced the size of visible infarction.
Combination therapy, using a glutamate antagonist and a GABA-A agonist, appeared to protect the brain and ameliorate a defect in learning behavior after stroke. The combination may have been more effective than either agent used alone, although further study of higher doses is needed.
This Issue
Article Tools
-
- Combination therapy protects ischemic brain in rats. A glutamate antagonist plus a gamma-aminobutyric acid agonist.P D Lyden and L LonzoStroke. 1994;25:189-196, originally published January 1, 1994
Citation Manager Formats
-
-Banik Ostrava - Pribram (Czech Rep. - First League)
The match Banik Ostrava - Pribram started at 17:00 on 24 October 2015 at Stadion Bazaly, Ostrava.
Match result Banik Ostrava - Prib 17:00 - Sigma Olomouc
Mlada Boleslav - Slovacko
Baumit Jablonec - Dukla Prague
Zbrojovka Brno - Viktoria Plzen
Check out historical odds for the matches of these teams in Archive Czech Rep. section.Ahhhh.....
.....Friday. It has been an unbelievably busy week, culminating yesterday at Library Legislative Day......Friday. It has been an unbelievably busy week, culminating yesterday at Library Legislative Day.
This is my first time to attend this function in my new state, and it's run much differently than in Nebraska. Instead of being able to chat with the legislators at lunch, we needed to make individual appointments, since buying them lunch is verboten. Apparently, giving one of these guys a mug is verboten. From what I understand, this was a knee-jerk reaction to some scandal a few years ago, which was solved in the time-honored parental decree that "no one may give anyone anything ever again!!! I would imagine the official language is a bit more legal, but you get the idea.
The meetings were interesting, and most of the legislators were quite pleasant. We wandered the tunnels underneath the capital buildings like hamsters, made nice-nice with folks, had lunch, and came home. I'm not sure why it was so exhausting, but it was.
I'm very, very much looking forward to the weekend!Shtaving Andrew Nowicki:>If you have memorized 180 root words of Ygyde, it is >easy to memorize "money craftsman." The word "accountant" >is meaningless to someone who learns the English language. >"Money craftman" clearly means a minter of coinage, rather than an accountant. An accountant is someone who _counts_ money taking a percentage for themselves, and sometimes even being entilted to do so as a reward for their services. Just my two gold pieces worth, Pete BleackleyWhite Oaks Business)
Click Here to view the Marketing Flyer for White Oaks Business Park
- Phase I – 22.8 total acres available
- Phase II – 32.5 total acres available
- Phase III – 53.9 total acres availableUpgrade to the best Bible Gateway experience! Try Bible Gateway Plus free for 30 days.
21 The Lord instructed Moses, “When you go back to Egypt, make sure you do before Pharaoh all the wonders that I have put within your power. But I will harden his heart[a] so that he won’t let the people go.
The Christian Standard Bible. Copyright © 2017 by Holman Bible Publishers. Used by permission. Christian Standard Bible®, and CSB® are federally registered trademarks of Holman Bible Publishers, all rights reserved.
5 The Egyptians will know that I am the Lord when I stretch out my hand against Egypt and bring out the Israelites from among them.”
17 For the Scripture tells Pharaoh, I raised you up for this reason so that I may display my power in you and that my name may be proclaimed in the whole earth..Christmas round-up 2016: How did it go?
Glad tidings for retailers as industry reflects on positive festive season
According to the British Retail Consortium this week, it wasn’t just Black Friday and Cyber Monday that got us splashing the cash for the holidays at the tail end of 2016 – in fact, the whole of December saw a rise in total like-for-like sales of 1% compared to the same period in 2015.
Timing is everything
There are many factors that helped increase spend, both online and in-store. Last minute shoppers and continuing deals, as well as the fact that the Big Day fell on a Sunday (leaving time for those ultra-last minute buys on the high street on Christmas Eve), all contributed to enabling retailers to squeeze the last few pennies from consumers in the weeks leading up to the 25th. But Barclaycard, which also reported an increase in consumer spending in the three months to Christmas, is quick to point out that this uptick in sales was in fact primarily down to online transactions as the high street saw a slowdown. Springboard also reported that Boxing Day saw a 19.9% drop in high street footfall compared to 2015.
2016: ‘ringing up’ the changes
As for online, a major factor in driving revenues was the continued effort from brands to improve the shopping experience. 2016 was a huge year for retailers investing in new technologies and introducing strategic changes to their eCommerce offerings. Key trends such as improved delivery choices (from click and collect to increased options for cheaper or free delivery), streamlined checkouts (everything from address verification to wider options for payments) and investment into the mobile experience (optimising sites, enhancing photos and adding new media such as videos) have all given a great boost to online shopping.
So, how did we do?
One retailer stated that their mobile revenue rose by 50% year-on-year over the entire festive shopping period.
The proof, of course, is in the Christmas pudding! We said previously in our blog that once the Cyber Weekend was over, our customer sites would need to remain robust during extended deals periods and beyond in the run up to 25th December and into the January sales.
Throughout 2016, Tryzens’ Expert Services team worked in close quarters with our customers to ensure that their websites were stress tested and health checked (and up to facing the pressure of the winter shopping season). Despite the noticeable trend for retailers of all types to extend the promotional period to a week or longer, as well as those who selectively discounted in order to preserve their margins, their virtual storefronts remained stoic, with multiple performance records being broken.
Our continuous monitoring of our clients’ websites throughout the period meant we were able to frequently update them on key performance metrics, such as traffic, conversion rates, abandoned baskets, sales and so on. The substantial preparation in order to maximise returns has clearly paid off.
We have spoken to a number of clients (including household name brands that operate internationally), all of whom have reported an increase on sales and year-on-year growth compared to 2015, averaging around 35%. In fact, several reported “record-breaking” like-for-like revenue growth, and in particular, mobile shopping is the shining star. One retailer stated that their mobile revenue rose by 50% year-on-year over the entire festive shopping period. After some significant strategic changes to their mobile offering in 2016, the impact is clear.
Conversion rates also improved by up to 0.8% for one retailer after implementing a new checkout system in 2016, streamlining the whole process to ensure a frictionless experience for the customer.
Make decisions in real-time and reap the rewards
We at Tryzens worked hard with all of our customers during the peak retail period to provide solid support through our brilliant Expert Services team. Performance and trading updates helped retailers to tweak their sites and respond in near real-time to the pressures, and ensured that if anything were at risk of falling over due to unprecedented demand, there was a contingency in place to quickly resolve the downtime.
We will be continuing to work with retailers throughout the year to make 2017 even better, and ensure that the entire online shopping experience for consumers delivers a profitable year. While it remains to be seen what impact the economy and other external challenges will have on consumer spend in the lead up to Christmas 2017 and beyond, we’ll be there right by our customers’ sides to ensure their eCommerce offerings remain strong.Olympia London, 24 - 25 January 2018
2 December 2015
ARCHITECT@WORK is working with London-based PR and strategic communications agency Friends & Co to promote the January 2016 show. Friends & Co brings a wealth of press, design and architecture contacts to the table, and will extract the strongest stories from the exhibition to present to media.
Friends & Co specializes in generating compelling ideas to bring to exhibitions such as ARCHITECT@WORK. London’s unique and demanding market requires creative solutions for communicating the messages of innovation and quality in materials and products. Friends & Co will be in touch with all exhibitors once products are approved to discuss the process, manufacturing and story behind of each brand’s offer.Lebenthal & Co. is closing its public finance department, officials at the firm said yesterday.
"This was a business decision based upon the fact that while this relatively new department of origination of public finance deals had achieved some success, as we reviewed activities and returns we received compared to the underwriting risk, capital investment and effort, it made no sense to continue this business," said Peter J. Sweetser, Lebenthal's president.
The firm plans to continue to be active as a co-manager as part of its traditional role as a retail brokerage firm, Sweetser said.
Frances A. Walton, managing director of public finance; Kristin M. Holm, associate managing director; Craig Ayers, an analyst; and Mary Guzy, a secretary, were laid off as part of the move away from underwriting.
Walton joined the firm more than one year ago after serving as manager of the cash, capital, and debt management division in the treasury department of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Holm was an analyst at Merrill Lynch before joining Lebenthal in 1991.
"I would expect and I hope that they find positions in public finance with other firms," Sweetser said. "Our decision in no way reflected the capability or lack of capability of any of these people. It was strictly a business decision."
As a small, mostly regional player in underwriting, Lebenthal was book manager on only one issue last year, totaling $8.1 million, according to Securities Data Co.
Through September of this year, the firm had underwritten only one offering, the New York State Dormitory Authority's sale of $54.9 million of so-called mini bonds, according to Securities Data. In addition, a subsidiary of Lebenthal, the Ad Agency, coordinated the advertising campaign for the Dormitory Authority's mini bond deal.
The mini bonds, which the Dormitory Authority sold through Gov. Mario Cuomo's New York Savings Bond Program, were criticized as costly and ineffective by New York State Assemblyman John J. Faso. Sweetser, however, called the program one of the public finance department's "biggest successes" and said he expects Lebenthal to be involved as a seller when similar mini bond borrowings, now being considered by other New York issuers, are brought to market.With all the rain, gray skies and chilly temperatures, we’ve paid our dues this winter. And now comes the pay-off: lush green hills, warm temps and once-dry lakes now filled with water.
Hope does indeed spring eternal – especially in spring!
The season of clearing skies officially begins March 20. But already you can see the benefits at your local farmers’ markets. Here are just a few of the things to look forward to this time of year:
- Easier travel. As the busy rainy season comes to a close, traveling by car will seem so much safer. With more relaxed driving, it’s much easier to cruise to a farmers’ market in another community. Our markets are in Arroyo Grande, Morro Bay and San Luis Obispo — all beautiful destinations.
- Spring flowers. While you’re driving, you might want to check out the gorgeous wildflowers in places like Montana de Oro or the Carrizo Plain National Monument. Also keep in mind that spring is a perfect time to get colorful flowers at your farmers’ market.
- Daylight for the Downtown Farmers’ Market. Once Daylight Savings Time returns (March 12), it’ll be light until around 7 p.m., which means the popular Thursday market will no longer be completely in the dark. Expect an hour of light right off the bat and increasingly more as we inch toward summer.
Strawberries! Picture yourself chomping into a fat, sweet strawberry. Good, right? March is the beginning of the season for both strawberries and avocados. Juicy cherries aren’t far behind.
- Spring soups. Anyone who visits the farmers’ market in Morro Bay (and regular readers of this blog) know that Stephanie Burchiel makes soups for every season. Her spring soups include cream of asparagus, golden beet carrot and quinoa and her popular split pea soup.Almost 4 million people in the United States alone have undiagnosed heart disease. According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), 735,000 Americans have a heart attack each year, killing 370,000 a year, or about 1,014 per day.
When it comes to a disease as serious as a heart attack, prevention is key, and detecting its presence before it happens is obviously the wisest.
Today’s sophisticated cardiac stress testing is one easy and simple diagnostic aid that is most valuable.
What is a stress test?
A stress test, also called an exercise test or treadmill test, is a medical examination performed to detect any signs of coronary heart disease, blockages in the coronary arteries and/or heart irregularity, or even impending heart attack.
This could be combined with an echocardiogram, radioactive imaging thallium or sestamibi, and even positive emission tomography (PET), depending on each individual need.
How is this test done?
The stress test is done with the patient walking on a treadmill while s/he is wired and hooked up to the electrocardiogram machine to monitor his heart rate, its rhythm and the shape or configuration of the EKG tracings. Changes in the shape of the EKG complexes will show if the heart is suffering from bounced off the heart and changed a regular EKG not detect this heart problem?
Regular resting electrocardiogram alone (with the patient at rest) is only useful if it is positive, if the patient just suffered an acute heart attack, or when an actual heart attack is in progress. If the resting EKG is reported as “normal” or negative, it does not mean much. Many patients with a “normal” EKG have been found to have severe blockages in their coronary arteries. The heart must be put under stress in order for the heart percent Emission Computed Tomography). The sensitivity of this radionuclide imaging is 80.
What if the stress test is positive?
If the stress test is positive, some cardiologists might do a stress echocardiogram/isotopic imaging, if there is any significant blockages or not. Other tests will only give some clues, but heart catheterization is absolutely revealing and decisive.
How can stress test prevent a heart attack?
A stress test is a tool, one of a few, that can facilitate the early diagnosis of probable blockages in the coronary arteries. Early detection of his treacherous cardiac disease could obviously lead to prompt medical care, thus minimizing the chances of an actual heart attack. Countless live have been save by early diagnosis.
Remember, it’s the only heart we’ve got. Let’s take good care ofThe day to post our second block has arrived. This is so exciting, as now we get to see what the blocks look like in full form. The teasers have been really fun, and I suggest we post all the rest of our work with the teaser 1st.
Here is my second block. Again, the black spot, but I was able to get it positioned to see the hexagon.
5 comments:
I recognized it IMMEDIATELY from your stack n wack quilt last summer!! What is so funny is that when I saw the teaser I honestly could see the edges of a flag. I had NO IDEA this is what you made. The teasers were so much fun.
Good job on capturing autumn in the colors.
Wow that is really nice. I love how your BG fabric brings the 2 blocks together.
I recognize that fabric. Your block is beautiful.
Marie, I thought you might. Felicity and Deana too.
Oh, interesting fabrics. I am very curious how your theme will be carried out. Thanks for teasing my interest!Big Welcome to the OFFICIAL Khon
Kaen Forum!
Visit the Wild & Crazy
Khon Kaen Forum Discussion Group on facebook
Blocker, tell us more about your ideas for mining. And how do you propose to overcome the cost of electricity problem? The technical is way over my head. I am not even sure how the "mining" metaphor plays out technically. However, apparently, so far as I understand, it does require a lot of processing power and electricity. I am afraid that I am usually sucking hind teet on this stuff. By the time I understand what is going on, the moment has long past.Enhancements
Try Google Search
Dr. Ivanova has expertise in research on the mental processes and representations that make possible the production and comprehension of language. One of Dr. Ivanova’s main research areas is bilingualism. Dr. Ivanova has used a range of behavioral methodologies to address questions related to the linguistic and cognitive processes in bilinguals, the processing of ungrammatical language, and language decline in Alzheimer’s).Chiromassage Barcelona with Simplybe. Enjoy an osteopathy or chiromassage in our relaxing and welcoming health center.
Not only a boost to your overall health and well being but an enjoyable experience. Click here to reserve your Chiromassage Barcelona
Why chose a Chiromassage?
A Chiromassage is essentially a healing massage designed to reduce stress, relax overworked muscles, and improve circulation and reduced pain to name a few benefits found in most massages threatments. However, chiromassage is a bit deeper. It is a therapuetic massage that does all of the above and also helps to realign the body improving the nervous system and balancing excessive mood swings.
Many people shy away from a healing massage such as deep tissue or sports as they tend to be quite painful. An advantage of a Chiromassage is that is also doubles up as a relaxing massage, as its effectiveness does not only depend on penetrating deep into the body’s muscle tissue.
For a long time massages have been considered a compliments or alternative to traditional medical treatments. Various studies published on a leading journal for neuroscience show that massages have a positive effect on not only our physically, but also mental health. It’s true, regular massage helps your body work effectively.
Chiromassage Barcelona
Stop suffering from unnecessary pain now! Book yourself an appointment with one of our experienced and professional masseurs and start reaping the benefits of one of our Chiromassage in Barcelona.
Click here to book your chiromassage Barcelona with Simplybe massage, helping you feel and look fantastic!
We also recommend considering an Osteopathy treatment which includes chiromassage. Let us help you recover muscle and structural health in the same sesiones. We believe that a mix of Chiromassage and Osteopathy gives faster results leaving you feeling great and able to enjoy your life.
This post is also available in: SpanishPlay Supra Hot Online Slot Game. ✚ £ Casino Bonus ✓ Licensed in UK ✓ Premium Slot Machines ➤ Play now! Supra Hot is a 4-reel, line online slot game with instant play, autoplay, video slots, gamble feature, fruit/vegetables, classic slots and retro themes you can. Play Supra Hot free online at GameTwist. ✓ Original NOVOMATIC Slots ✓ Free daily credits ✓ Ongoing Promotions ➤ Play now for FREE at GameTwist!
Slots online free play games supra hot - wieJust click the button below! Information Privacy Policy Scholarship Contact us. Supra Hot wird an ungewöhnlichen 4 Walzen, anstelle der typischen drei gespielt. What Bonuses Does the Game Offer? Your job here is to simply guess what colour this will be when you turn it over. Related games View all games. The tight security on the website will also ensure that all your transactions stay safe and sound. Not many games can say that nowadays. Gambling is for entertainment, play responsibly! Andere wiederum no deposit sign up bonus online casino 1000 spiele kostenlos sich über die Einfachheit des Spiels im Vergleich zu anderen, neueren Online-Slots freuen. There is an unknown connection online casino bewertung online ohne anmeldung spielen between Cloudflare and the origin web server. Error Ray ID: To start off with, there is a possibility to cover the entirety of the reels in fruit symbols. Ihr Browser blockiert den Flash Player, die meisten Spiele benötigen ihn jedoch. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Now you play in demo mode Supra Hot , an online slot game that was added on29 - September - and belongs to the Free Slots Mobile Slots category where we will continually provide the newest slots games for fun. Information Privacy Policy Scholarship Contact us. If you are the owner of this website:
0 thoughts on “Slots online free play games supra hot”Volume 4: 2010
Articles
Anna Vershick, 'The Jewish Lithuanian Periodical Apzvalga (1935-1940). Towards a New Cultural Polysystem'
Susanne Kranz, 'Rhetoric versus Activism: Autonomous and Party-Affiliated Women's Organisations in East Germany'
Review Article
Antonia Young DUBRAVKA UGRE¿IC: AN AUTHOR IN SELF-IMPOSED EXILE, 'Dubravka Ugresic: an Author in Self-Imposed Exile'
From a New Researcher
Edita Gzoyan, The Question of Admitting Armenia to the League of Nations
Reviews
Orlando Figes, The Whisperers: Private Life in Stalin's Russia. Penguin, 2008. (John Russell)
Neil Gregor, Haunted City. Nuremberg and the Nazi Past. Yale, 2008. (Martyn Housden)
Todd Herzog, Crime Stories. Criminalistic Fantasy and the Culture of Crisis in Weimar Germany. Berghahn, 2009. (John Hiden)
Fatos Lubonja - Second Sentence: Inside the Albanian Gulag, Second Sentence: Inside the Albanian Gulag. I.B. Tauris, 2009. (Antonia Young)
Robert E. Niebuhr (ed.), When East Met West:, When East met West: World History through Travelers' Perspectives. Trebarwyth Press, 2010. (Antonia Young)
Dennison Rusinow , Oblique Insights and Observations. Edited by Gale Stoke. University of Pittsburg, 2008. (Antonia Young)
Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland and one of the prettiest cities I have had the joy of visiting. It’s literally the cobblestone city of dreams! If you like to fill up your Instagram with photogenic streets and buildings then get yourself to Edinburgh asap, I promise you won’t regret it.
I found myself in this beautiful city with a spare day after my trip with Highland Experience Tours (a post all about this is coming very soon!). As such, I decided to make the most of the day and tick off as many of the main sights and #instafamous photo spots as possible.
Keep reading to the end of the post to grab yourself a free printable itinerary, including everything I’m going to mention!
We stayed in a little AirBnB apartment in the New Town area of the city for a reasonable price of £37 per person per night (I visited with my boyfriend). There are also lots of hostels in the city which can be found on Hostelworld, however we booked it a little late so the cheaper accommodation options were fully booked.
Breakfast at Tiles
We had been eyeing up Daylight Robbery for breakfast as we’d heard lots of good things about it and liked the sound of their pancakes. However, on arrival we realised that they didn’t actually open until midday. *Cue me feeling about 100x more hungry*.
We continued up the road and found ourselves in Tiles Bar and let me tell you, the breakfast was gooooood. The interior had a very London/city bar feel about it and the staff were some of the nicest people you could hope to come across. Think Wetherspoons, but much nicer.
Edinburgh Castle
With full, happy tummies we jumped in an Uber up to Edinburgh Castle. Although Edinburgh isn’t the biggest city it is rather hilly, bear this in mind if you’ve got a lot of walking planned!
Now, Edinburgh Castle was busy. Not just normal tourist busy, but absolutely full of tour groups and their over-enthusiastic guides.
See what I mean about busy?
As we’d visited Stirling Castle the day before and wanted to see as much of the city as possible, we decided not to go inside and spend our time elsewhere. If you want to venture inside the castle I would definitely recommend booking online in advance in order to beat the hefty queues.
Entry: Adult £17, Child £10.20, Concessions £13.60 and Under 5s are Free
Opening Hours: Opens at 9:30am, closing time varies seasonally so check here in advance.
Victoria Street, The Grassmarkets and The Vennel
From Edinburgh Castle we headed down the road to Victoria Street and the Grassmarkets. Even if you don’t know it by name, you’ve almost certainly seen pictures of Victoria Street on Instagram. It’s definitely prettier in person than on Insta, no photo will do this street justice.
The neighbouring Grassmarket area is absolutely packed full of unique independent shops, cafes and bars all set around what was originally a marketplace for horses and cattle. The Grassmarket is also the perfect pit stop for any foodies too! With Mary’s Milk Bar, Hula Juice Cafe and Oink all serving up delicious food and drink you won’t struggle to find somewhere to quench your thirst and fill you up.
Just at the end of the Grassmarket lies one of Edinburgh’s best kept secrets. This little hidden wonder is The Vennel. Just along from Mary’s Milk Bar, this alleyway will give you the best and most tourist-free view of the castle. Yes, there are quite a lot of steps, but keep climbing until you reach some houses on the right hand side and you’ll have yourself in prime position for some photos.
Greyfriars Bobby and Kirk
We snapped away at The Vennel for a while before making our way to visit Greyfriars Bobby. The memorial to this loyal Skye Terrier can be found outside Greyfriars Bobby’s Bar at the end of Candlemakers Row. To cut a long story short, Greyfriars Bobby became known for guarding his owners’ grave for 14 years prior to his own death in 1872. If you’d like to read the full story you can click here.
We also headed into Greyfriars Kirkyard to see the exactly where Bobby once spent his days. Bobby actually has his own headstone just past the entrance, you’ll be able to spot it by the pile of sticks and dog toys regularly left by visitors.
This graveyard, much like the rest of Edinburgh, inspired JK Rowling during the creation of the Harry Potter series. If you look closely at the headstones you might spot some familiar names such as a “Tom Riddell Esq.” and a “William McGonagall”.
Harry Potter and heartwarming dog stories aside, the Kirkyard in itself is a remarkable place with some of the most elaborate headstones and tombs I’ve ever seen. It’s definitely worth a visit, it’s not that creepy really.
National Museum of Scotland
At this point the rain set in so we decided to take shelter in the National Museum of Scotland. The museum hadn’t been on our original “to visit” list, but I am so so glad we took a look.
The National Museum turned out to be like all of the London museums combined into one– with natural history, archaeology, technology, culture, art and design there really is something for everyone! The best bit of all is that entry to the museum is completely free.
You could easily spend a whole day taking in everything on display but you can also do what we did and pop into the areas that most interest you. The architecture of the building is just amazing too! It’s a perfect rainy day destination.
Entry to the museum is free. Opening Hours: 10:00-17:00 daily
The Royal Mile
Our next stop was to be the famous Royal Mile. Running from Edinburgh Castle to the Palace of Holyroodhouse, this road runs straight through the heart of Edinburgh’s Old Town. I’ve kind of got it in my head as Edinburgh’s answer to La Rambla in Barcelona. It’s got the same hustle and bustle about it with lots of different shops and tourist attractions as well as numerous street performers to keep visitors entertained.
Pop into St Giles Cathedral while you’re here, it’s free to go in and look around. The Thistle Chapel in particular is beautifully decorated with its brightly coloured stained glass windows.
We continued along the Royal Mile before heading down Cockburn Street, which is rumoured to be the inspiration for Harry Potter’s Diagon Alley. This charming street is full of cafes and eateries but we settled on the Edinburgh Press Club, a cafe with a quirky wooden interior that served great coffee and delicious food.
St Giles Cathedral is free to enter. Opening hours vary so check the website in advance.
Princes Street Gardens
After lunch we headed to the Museum on the Mound, located in the Bank of Scotland Head Office. Our Highland Experience Tour Guide recommended it to us and said that they actually had 1 million pounds in cash on display. Now, I don’t think I’ll ever be able to recreate that myself (I can hope though, right?) so we went in to take a peek and quickly nipped through the rest of the museum.
We then walked over Princes Street Gardens, past the Scottish National Gallery where we saw yet more street performers making bubbles, much to the delight of many children standing nearby.
The garden is a large public park right in the centre of the city with great views of the the Scott Monument, Edinburgh Castle and several other monuments depending on where you sit.
Entry to the Museum on the Mound is free. Opening hours vary so check here in advance.
Calton Hill
We decided that Calton Hill was to be our final stop of the day, despite our now aching legs. Marked as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, Calton Hill boasts some of the city’s best views and is a great alternative to Arthur’s Seat. It’s a much easier walk and doesn’t take long at all, you could easily get up and down in half an hour.
As well as the fabulous views, Calton Hill is home to several iconic monuments including the National Monument, the Dugald Stewart Monument and Nelson’s Monument. If you can get up there at sunrise or sunset you’ll get some great shots, but it’s a lovely place to sit and chill at any time of day.
Location: Calton Hill, walk along Princes Street keeping The Balmoral on your right hand side. You’ll see the tall tower of Nelson’s Monument in front of you, just aim for that!
Dinner at The Doric
We also hunted out a couple of fab restaurants during our 3 night stay (yes, we got GBK on Deliveroo one night but let’s forget about that). The first restaurant is a lovely Chinese called Karen’s Unicorn. At first glance we weren’t too sure about it but once we stepped inside we had some of the best Chinese food I’ve ever eaten. So good.
On our last night we thought we’d try something a bit more Scottish, so after a quick look on trusty TripAdvisor we found ourselves at The Doric. This rustic pub is Edinburgh’s oldest gastropub, dating back to the 18th Century, so really is as “authentic Edinburgh” as you will get. It’s a great pub, maybe not to the taste of everyone, but it doesn’t try to be anything it’s not.
If you’re going to try haggis this is probably the way to do it. This was my first time trying haggis, but I was pleasantly surprised! I found it to be mild in flavour and similar to cous-cous in texture. They also had a live folk evening on while we were there, which was just the best way to finish our stay.
Thank you so much for reading this far! Now if you find yourself in Edinburgh you’ll have plenty to keep you busy.
Here’s a free printable itinerary including everything in this post. Save it for later or print it off, its entirely up to you! Just click the button below and follow the instructions.
Have you visited Edinburgh before? If so, what was your favourite place (restaurant/shop/attraction)?
Thank you so much for your continued support, don’t forget to comment, share and subscribe!
Until next time,
Charlotte xx
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSaveI, myself, nor my husband have had "The Talk" with our children yet. Our kids are 6, 5, 3, and 2. They are still young, but ever so curious. I have not sat down and thought how it will go. I have not sat down and planned what I will say. I have heard some advice, but have not developed a plan of my own yet. Perhaps, after watching this video, I should start thinking about developing a plan...
I can only imagine how it will go with my kids. I imagine it will go a bit like that video, if I don't have a plan!
I don't know if Julia Sweeney really had this conversation with her daughter, or if she is merely being a comedian and doing her act. Regardless, it is funny. Although, I did notice that she never once said that "when you get married"... I do know that I plan to throw that curve ball into "The Talk." I just hope and pray that when we have "The Talk", I will convey to my kids that they can come to me about anything. I want to be the kind of mom that my kids will "talk" to and not be afraid to come to with their problems or fears.
I am sure the day will come sooner than I am ready. I don't know that any parent is really ready to have "The Talk" with their kids. Parents, please help your kids to feel comfortable to come to you with their questions and concerns. Don't stray away from the subject. You would rather your kids get the correct information and from you than whatever information they may gather from their friends and peers. Don't let this fact of life close the door an open relationship with your kids.SpeedSkin
Product ID: 1375575 | Mfg Part #: 9326121-1-8-11-1
$12.98
Ships in 1-2 Business Days
Once order has been processed, this item is not returnable.
- Product ID: 1375577 | Mfg Part #: 9326121-1-8-12-8$4.98
Ships in 1-2 Business Days
Poster assists student to memorize the keyboard. Visible from all seats within a classroom.
Keyboard layout reference during typing lessons
Fingering position
Correct keyboard position
Ergonomic keyboarding posture
Large size 28x39" for computer lab setting with good visibility even at 50 feetCAST seeks an experienced Information Technology Specialist to be responsible and accountable for our technology and facilities systems and managing their daily operations.
Reports to: Chief Financial Officer
Position Status: To start immediately.
Job Type: Full-time, salary commensurate with experience
To Apply: Send cover letter and resume to clacy looking for an experienced Information Technology Specialist to be responsible and accountable for our technology and facilities systems and managing their daily operations. The successful candidate will have the appropriate technology skills, professional experience, knowledge of the industry’s best practice, the agility to deal with any kind of technology, and a can-do attitude.
Skills & experience preferred for this position:
- Ability to interact and work collaboratively with all members of the organization
- Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field
- 3-5 years related experience
- Industry certifications and membership a plus
- Excellent problem-solving skills
- Excellent communication and organizational skills
- A proven track record of maintaining IT structural integrity Experience with overseeing office facilities.With Valentine’s Day around the corner, the stores are quickly filling up with chocolates of every shape and form. Although the health benefits of chocolate may have been overstated in the past, there’s no reason not to indulge once in a while. I’m certainly no stranger to this treat in moderation, needing no more motivation… Read more »
Distance from Eight Mile, AL to Sweetser, IN
Driving distance between Eight Mile, AL and Sweetser, IN is miles (or kilometers). If you drove an average car (using about 3.6 gallons of gas per mile), the gas would cost you around $, since you would need about gallons of fuel.
Leaving from Eight Mile, AL you would reach Sweetser, IN in about if you keep an average speed of miles per hour, assuming you don’t make any breaks or get stuck in traffic.For Kids & Adults!
Learn with a professional instructor. Mr Music specializes in private music lessons for:
- Piano, Keyboard
- Guitar, Bass Guitar (acoustic or electric)
- Banjo for Beginners
- Drums, Mallet Percussion
- Trumpet, Cornet, Trombone, Baritone
- Flute, Clarinet, Saxophone, Oboe, Bassoon
- Violin, Viola, Cello, Stand-Up Bass
- Accordion
- Vocal, Voice, Singing
- Mandolin
- Ukulele
Recitals are held twice a year, one in the Spring and one in the Fall. Mr Music recitals are open to all students who wish to participate. Ask us for all the details.
Reviews | Rates & Policies | Meet Our Expert Instructors | Sign Up
Click HERE to register or give us a call at (239) 561-5611
Refer a Friend for Lessons – Get $50.00!
CLICK OR TAP HERE FOR DETAILS
*************
Frequently Asked Questions
I’m interested in music lessons. How does it work?
At Mr Music, all lessons are one-to-one private sessions tailored to each individual student and conducted here at our facility. Most students attend a 30-minute lesson, same day/same time each week.
.
How long do I have to take lessons? Will I be under a contract?
When you enroll, you are obligating yourself to one month at a time. There’s no long term contract. You can stop anytime but we do not refund money that has been prepaid.
I’ve never had a music lesson in my life weekly. Click here to register online.
Do you offer any discounts?
When you enroll in weekly lessons (same day/same time each week) and provide your billing information, you qualify for our discount rate. Also, you can earn additional benefits when you refer others to us. Ask us for details about that.
Are there discounts for families? What if we sign up more than one child?
Yes! When the registration fee for the first student is paid, the registration fee for additional members of your household is ZERO!_1<<
I’m a new beginner and I don’t yet have an instrument. What are my options?
Often, we can loan you an instrument to use during your first.
We have an excellent selection of quality instruments that can be purchased at an affordable price. We’ll work with you to help you discover your best options and obtain the instrument that is just right for you!
Do you offer recitals?
Yes. Currently we have two recitals each year. We have one in the Spring for piano, voice and violin students, and another in the Fall for all other students.
Meet Our Expert Instructors
View Available Lesson Times
Not quite ready to sign up? No problem. We’re always here to help when the time is right. Click HERE to join our VIP list and receive special offers and news from Mr Music!
Do you have questions that aren’t covered here? Click here to send us a message and we’ll get back to you pronto!ANNA SUI Oops A Daisy fringed lace-paneled printed silk-blend jacquard blouse
$ 2,114 Was $ 4,229 50% off
Color: Sky blue
Sky blue
Details & Fit
Need advice? Contact Customer Care.Product code: 1071994537230410
- Anna Sui multicolored Oops A Daisy blouse
- Printed silk-blend jacquard
- Fringed lace-paneled yoke
- Button fastenings through front
- Fabric1: 58% silk, 42% rayon; fabric2:.All Allied and Chemical Products (Products) companies in Norman, Cleveland (OK)
The full list of companies in the Allied and Chemical Products (Products) category in Norman, Cleveland (OK). We invite you to view the complete contact details, opening times and other information about Allied and Chemical Products (Products) in Norman.
- Abbott Laboratories 404 Garland CT 4053295513
- Bio-Cide International Inc P.O. BOX 722170 4053295598
- Green Horizons LLC 4700 168th Ave Ne 4053649921
- Oklahoma Scholar Leadership En 630 Parrington Oval # 559 4053254309
- Yamanouchi Pharma Tech Inc 3300 Marshall Ave 4052176400
- Industrial Chemist Inc 3317 Greenwood Dr 4053296467Thanks for purchasing your FitPAWS® Peanut! This video will show you how to inflate it.
We get asked all the time for help inflating our products, and I’m happy help? Just follow me as I take you through it step by step. We wi
ll have more of these blog posts in the future, so stay tuned!
Inside the package you’ll find your FitPAWS® Peanut, and taped to it will be two small plugs. This is what holds the air in the Peanut.
You also get your safety, care and use instructions. Please read them thoroughly. And, also make sure to watch the How-To-Use DVD that comes with it.
You’ll get a FitPAWS® Pump, as well. The pump includes two attachments. We’ll use the cone-shaped attachment to inflate the FitPAWS® Peanut. The needle attachment is used to inflate the FitPAWS® Balance Disc and the FitPAWS® Paw Pods. Please screw the cone-shaped attachment onto the end of your FitPAWS® Pump.
Now it’s time to get measuring tape out and we’ll start inflating the Peanut according to size. All of the FitPAWS Peanuts have the maximum inflation in centimeters and inches printed on the side of the ball. The Peanut will perform best at 95% inflation. You do not have to inflate the FitPAWS Peanut to max inflation, and using it under-inflated will actually be more challenging for your dog.
Watch me measure the FitPAWS Peanut at the highest bulb. I’m making sure not to over-inflate the Peanut, as this compromises its structural integrity and may weaken or damage the material. When you’re ready to inflate the Peanut, go ahead and take your pump, place it inside the hole and begin pumping.
We recommend inflating your FitPAWS Peanut in two stages. On day one, inflate your FitPAWS Peanut to 80% percent of max inflation. On day two, you can start inflating your FitPAWS Peanut to size. You do not have to use a FitPAWS Peanut at full inflation. The material is really thick, and it gets more difficult to add air as you reach its max inflation. Please note, as a quality assurance test, all peanuts have been inflated to size at the factory, then deflated and packaged. As you put air in it, the material does expand…so, keep pumping until your FitPAWS Peanut gets to the right size.
Thanks so much for purchasing the FitPAWS® Peanut, and thanks for watching!
Again, please follow the safety, care and use instructions that are included with your FitPAWS® Peanut. Also make sure to watch the How-To-Use DVD that is included with your Peanut.
Don’t miss a video on our FitPAWS® YouTube Channel. Subscribe Now!
[…] to incorporate a Peanut into your Tripawd’s home rehabilitation therapy games, here are instructions on How to Inflate The FitPAWS Peanut, and a short […]The UAF and Lancaster Unity pretend to be legitimate organisations, but the court case against Matt Single has revealed their true terrorist nature and terrorist activities ;
Outside court,. "
Over 160 attacks is just the tip of the iceberg - this was a co-ordinated terrorist campaign against a legitimate and peaceful political party by terrorists of the left who used the information released by single to target and attack innocent people.
The membership of the BNP is not a crime, the only crimes were those committed against members of the BNP by the terrorists of the left.
The next time the UAF and Lancaster Unity say they are legitimate organisations, we can point out the extensive campaigns of terrorism, violence and intimidation these thugs conspire to commit in our society.
Note this statement in the article though, revealing the utter hypocrisy of the maggot matt single ;
The court heard that the couple had relocated to the south of England and the judge upheld an order preventing their new address being released.
Whilst Singles victims are on the internet forever, he has an order imposed by the court keeping his address secret.
Scum, total scum.
Apparently some idiot on Lancaster Unity are saying I am 'scum' for saying people should enforce their rights and sue the bastards under the DPA 1998 when sadie is pregnant.
I spoke on the phone to many, many people who had been threatened, attacked, their windows bricked, their cars attacked, their homes vandalised, their lives threatened and their jobs taken from them as a result of the leaking of the list - these were old people, disabled people, single parent females with kids, vulnerable people who had been victims of anti-white racism who were suffering from mental and physical injuries as a result of those anti-white attacks that led them to joining the BNP.
The idea that the BNP is a nest of muscular neo-nazi thugs with bulging muscles is a perception held only by the insane, idiots in the media and the scum in the left.
Matt and Sadie did not give a toss about those people before they put the list on the internet.
I know people who had to move house due to death threats - and they were not able to get a court injunction to prevent them being attacked and abused by hiding their address on the internet.
I will show no sympathy to those who undertake such betrayals.
2 comments:
Well said, Lee
Good to see a police officer speaking in support of the victims of the list.
The outcome of the trial, however, I think, underscores the perpetra(i)tors' establishment links. Nick Griffin told the truth about Islam and faced up to 7 years in gaol.
It is to be hoped the civil actions will have satisfactory outcomes.
What about the Judge's comments:
."
Surely warrants a formal complaint?Dr. Lance Ingwersen
Contact Information
Room 271 Upham Hall
Oxford, OH 45056
513 529 0947
ingwerlr@MiamiOH.edu
Office hours:
Title:
Visiting Assistant Professor of History and Latin American Studies
Education:
PhD, Vanderbilt University
MA, Arizona State University
BA, Rhodes College
Teaching and Research Interests:
- Latin American History
- 19th Century Mexico
- Urban culture
Selected publication:
"Waiting on Reform: A Brief History of U.S.-Latin American Immigration," with Michael J. LaRosa, in Neighborly Adversaries: Readings in U.S.-Latin American Relations, 3rd ed., edited by Michael J. LaRosa and Frank O. Mora, Rowman & Littlefield, 2015.
Work in progress:
Dr. Ingwersen is working on a book manuscript, "Mexico City in the Age of Theater, 1830-1901," that explores theater's role in the making of urban public life in modern Mexico.My second World of Warcraft character hit level 90 this weekend. My Drenai Death Knight, Darkwylf, hit level 90 a few weeks ago. He flies through Pandaria with impunity. He mines the ore, skins the dead beasts and searches for the Lost Treasures of Pandaria.
My Worgen Druid, an herbalist, now flies the continent picking the various herbs and occasionally grabbing a Lost Treasure. In some cases he is the guy to send into the caves for the hidden treasures that occasionally appear because he can turn into a panther and go into stealth mode. My Death Knight has to beat the enemies to unmoving corpses.
Yeah, it sounds as if I like my DK. I do. I do. I admit there is a lot of satisfaction in having my toon avatar drop into a group of little animated non-playing characters and finally walking away with them all deceased - and neither of us break into a sweat doing it.
As opposed to real life… Darling and I spent Saturday putting four new garden beds in the back yard. I use the verb very loosely, since I exhausted myself early in the game and we had to hire some help to finish it all. Fortunately for me, Juan was available. He's the guy who made the stump of the second tree in our front yard disappear last summer and then spread the dirt and the sod. I was not in good enough physical shape to do that work then, and am not in good enough shape to put the four planting beds in the yard now.
I designed each bed to be eight feet long by a bit less than two feet wide and two timbers deep. I was undecided about the width actually. I thought if I did three cuts on an eight-foot landscape timber I'd have four pieces just a blade width shy of two feet. If I wanted the beds to be about seven-foot six inches long I could then make them just shy of two feet wide by using the full length of the ends. I could sister some boards on the ends for support. If I inter-locked the timbers, I'd have a length of seven and a half feet and a width of about a foot and a half, but it would look better and have more structural integrity in the long run.
Of course, that was the plan in my head. I'd rather minimize the cuts, so for four beds I would only need twelve cuts and I should be able to physically manage that before I exhaust myself.
Darling had the yard guy trim the grass along the fence line down to almost dirt level on Thursday. Darling and I laid out some of that black weed-blocking matting in each of the 8' x 2' spots first thing Saturday. A nice guy across the street, Louis, was doing some yard work for our neighbor. He took a few minutes to look at what we planned to do. First he recommended that we double the mat material. He said it is typically pretty useless, but might help if we doubled it. After some discussion with him, we also cancelled the dirt and mulch we ordered. We just didn't need enough for a delivery. I guessed about one and a half cubic yards of dirt, but it really wasn't a guess. If you estimate six inches deep, you have:
Forget about the mulch. Our last house required a half truckload of mulch each spring. I can bring bags in to do the mulch at this house. Sadly, Louis is booked solid and doesn't have the time to help us with our yard.
About ten-thirty we thought Juan wasn't coming, so I headed off to Home Depot for the timbers - in my Toyota Camry. That car is amazing. I squeezed ten eight-foot landscape timbers in the car with both back seats down and passenger front seat as far forward as I could pull it (cramping my leg in the process, I might add, since I had such a hard time exiting the vehicle). They were pressed in pretty tightly. I would not have been able to get eleven in there, that's for sure. No bags of dirt, and I was pretty frustrated finding the timbers, so I was just glad to be out of there.
On the way home I grabbed a couple burgers from BK. No doubt, this is part of the reason I am not in good enough shape to do my own yard work.
I got home and we were almost done with the burgers when Juan showed up. Darling gave him the fries (which I didn't want, but I sure wanted the drink) and made him a PB&J sandwich.
We unloaded ten timbers (of the twenty estimated requirement) to the back yard. Juan carried four at a time. He always does that sort of thing. I'll carry just one or two, thanks. An impromptu design discussion ensued and the plan changed slightly but significantly.
We're now going to wedge the planting beds in between the existing fence posts. Now every timber has to be cut. I measure it and calculate six foot six inches and since we're redesigning for less length, I figure we want two solid feet of dirt, so the width now changes to two feet six inches. I'll need twenty-two timbers, since I'll only be able to get three ends out of a timber now. Instead of a simple twelve cuts total, we'll need to make thirty-two total cuts.
I have my little circular saw. It runs on a battery - how amazing is that? I don't have an electric saw, for two reasons. Firstly, I don’t do much wood work. Secondly, BR, probably the greatest father-in-law ever (well, for nine years) had a fantastic workshop and he spoiled me rotten. Hence, back to the first reason.
Darling and Juan headed off to Home Depot in Juan's truck. I started cutting.
Of course, six feet six inches wasn't quite right. It needed to be another half-inch shorter since the landscape timbers were a bit more than three inches at the center. Are you following all this? Another cut.
By the time Juan and Darling returned I barely had the first box built, the saw battery was exhausted and I was thinking that I am entirely too old and out of shape to be doing any of this stuff. And I'm getting sunburned. None of the timbers were cut for the second box.
Juan went home and got his tools and he took over. Occasionally I got up and drove some of the landscape nails into the timbers. I dumped a few bags of dirt (estimated by Juan at five bags/bed, but that's probably a bag too many). Each bag is 1.5 cu ft, but the beds are not eight foot long now. It's good dirt, though, so it won't go to waste.
The first box (mine) is two feet wide. Juan made the second one smaller, using only one timber for all four ends and not overlapping the timbers in the corners. He made the rest of the boxes like the first box.
By the end of the day, Darling had four planting boxes. We still aren't sure what we're planting in them, but certainly squash, tomatoes and cucumbers.
I planted myself on the couch for the rest of the weekend, every movement a little bit hurtful to stressed muscles. I'm still limping today, actually.
Do I sound out of shape? Yes. Do I feel badly about that? Most certainly. An office job doesn't prepare me for manual labor and I don't do any exercise to enable me to do rigorous work. I did build the first raised bed box, and it looks the nicest. I could still have done all the work; it just would take me four days - or four weekends, since I'm still employed. The boxes are done, though. Thanks Juan.
My Death Knight did go on a killing spree Saturday evening to make me feel better.
We watched some of the Master's tournament on Sunday. Golf isn't really tedious to watch; baseball is harder. Golf skips the boring parts and shows only the players taking the shots. The Augusta course is gorgeous. I watched a little baseball and there is still a lot of chatter and non-playing time. That's why all my friends twenty years ago watched basketball.
We started watching the Master's while we ate lunch at BJ's. I really like their Jambalaya. When we got home we watched golf a little more. Since Darling is a good golfer she is able to appreciate some of the fine shots the players made during the tournament. I could appreciate that I'd never be able to make such shots. I did love watching Angel Cabrera play; he had a wonderful time and it showed. Congratulations to Adam Scott, the first Master's winner from Oz.
If Tiger hadn't hit that pin and then was penalized for another poor drop, he might have been a contender for first place too. Glad to see he's back, though.
Thorbjorn Olesen came in tied for sixth at four under par for the tournament. Yeah, I don't have to mention it, but what an awesome name! Thunder Bear.
Rory McIlroy and Bernhard Langer both finished far down in the lists, at two over par for the tournament. I like their names, too.
We watched Ice Castles Sunday on television. This was the 2010 remake of a 1978 movie with Robbie Benson. If you're like me you are confusing that one with another skating picture, The Cutting Edge which was made in 1992, 2003, 2006 and 2008. Ice Castles has a girl figure skater who hits her head and goes blind, then (of course) makes a skating comeback. The Cutting Edge is the one with the ex-hockey player teaming up with a figure skater to skate as a team.
Yeah, it was okay and I liked the acting, but we followed it up with Unknown, which is more up my alley.
Don't forget about the premier of Defiance tonight. I hope it's a good show. I've been disappointed recently in new shows.
And today is tax day. We cut it close, but our accountant filed electronically for us a couple weeks ago. I might be able to do my taxes, since it doesn't require heavy lifting, but the myriad of required forms it too daunting. I don't want to be a tax guy.
I am thinking of writing another book, though, as a sort of sequel to The Fiscal Cliff. I'm thinking of calling itThe Fiscal Chasm. It's really dark at the bottom of a chasm, and that's where I think we're all heading financially in the USA. I'll ponder that.
My Darling Daughter sent me a short essay on her first interaction with Frau and I will see if she lets me put it in my book. I really liked it, though I doubt Frau liked me as much as the essay implies. The working title remains The Frau Chronicles and there is a lot of new material in the book that hasn't been seen before. The book title will probably be She Bit Her Own Butt: My Mother-in-Law Misadventures. We're moving closer to completion on that one every day. I'll keep you posted.
Now, what can we plant in four little beds?1. When I was 10, I was abandoned as a child. I grew up in a few hours and that is the whole reason I don't do a lot of stupid things today.
2. There are a lot of things that make me happy but there are 3 things I am addicted to. Scary movies, Anything starwars related and lemonade.
3. I love rain. I love rain on the beach, I love rain while I'm driving, I love thunderstorms and hurricanes. but most of all... I love the way rain sounds underwater. When I was a kid, I used to just float in my uncles pool while it rained.
4. I used to be apart of the goosebump book club fan club. I got special edition books that where shipped in coffin shaped boxes.. and that's what makes me cooler than you.
5. I have never not been in a relationship where a dude didn't cheat on me...
wow dude thats deep!!! especially #1, sean likes #3.
Yes, it`s sad.
I love Star Wars and have a beard, but iam 8000 miles away and it`s raining here :(
Sorry for spelling
Don`t be sad>>. Sometimes extremely serious time to take maintenance of a newborn. Is your child still may not take maintenance of themselves so is needs of leaving parents. Of the a birth of a baby require mom maintenance.
Gruel semolina,buckwheat, oatmeal - this is the best reasonable breakfast for newborn
The best helpful of porridge - semolina,rice,millet.
Quantity of gruel should be 120-200 grams.
Add the porridge a a small piece of butter, about the size of 6 g. For a morning breakfast, the child is better to offer gruel.
Newborn care 1 week
Care of the child girl
.
Child maintenance at nightOur Services
- In House and Outside Catering (Weddings, Children’s Party, Debut, Seminars)
- Venue Rental (The Village Patio)
- Food Orders / Packed Meals
- Canteen Concession/ Operation
Partial List of Clients
Government Offices
- House of Representatives – (official caterer)
- Department of Labor and Employment
- Department of Agrarian Reform
- MWSS
- Overseas Workers Welfare Admninistration
- University of the Philippines
Contact Information
Tarlaquena Catering - Office
1 Anonas Extension, Sikatuna Village Quezon City
Telephone No.
+632 426 1554/+632 921 5354
TeleFax
+632 352 6189
sales@tarlaquenacatering.com.phHere is the step by step guide for how to integrate Firebase to App Samurai in order to create mobile ad campaigns.
In order to Register your App for the first time:
- Select "Attribution" under "Analytics"
- Select platform: iOS or Android
- Enter Bundle id and Register your app
- Follow the Xcode instructions
- Follow the CocoaPods instructions
In order to create tracking link for a registered app:
- Select "Attribution" under "Dashboard"
- Select "Network Settings", then "New Network"
3. Type App Samurai Inc to the "Campaign Source" field and select App Samurai.
4. Be sure, you enabled "Configure Postback". first_open event postback is mandatory. Additional events postbacking will increase the performance of your campaigns.
5. Copy the tracking link in order to use on Appsamurai.
6. "Save" the settings.
For more information you can check google support.Law
Keith, and family, we are so sorry for your loss. You are in our thoughts and prayers. My parents often spoke of you both, and considered you great friends. Wishing you all peace, as you navigate this difficult time.
Keith I am so sorry to hear of your loss! Keeping you and your family in my thoughts and prayers! Sending all of you big hugs!
Keith, I am so sorry to hear of Pat’s passing. Prayers to all the family and May God Bless You All.
Sending comforting thoughts to the extended Havenstein family for your loss.
Keith and family, my sincere condolences to you for your loss of Pat. My parents, Steve & Alice Beam thought so highly of you both and treasured your friendship. My thoughts and prayers are with you all.
may I express my deepest sympathys to all of Pats family and friends, We were born 4 days apart and have been lifetime friends and sometimes in our youth troublemakers, we have shared good times and bad times and I think we always looked out for each other. we were raised together and I hope to be together again, until I see you again, your loving and heartbroken cousin Jacquie
Keith, we were so sorry to hear about Pat. We have a lot of good memories that we made in our camping days, those memories can never be taken away from us. You and your family are in our thoughts and prayers.
My sympathy goes out to all of the family members for the loss of their Mother. Although I did not know her personally, I had several of you kids in school. I especially remember Keith and our fun FBLA trips. Your Mother did a good job raising you, and I know you will miss her. God bless you all.
Dear Havenstein family,
I’d like to express my condolence and deep regrets for your loss and share where I found much hope and comfort when this enemy death took my entire family. I found this in what I read in Jehovah Gods word the Bible at John5:28,29 for there it tells us we’ll see our love ones again in the resurrection when Jesus brings them back here on earth and Isaiah25:8 tells us that this enemy death will be swallowed up forever. With these scriptures and others I’m now able to cope with my loss for now I know that I’ll see my love ones again and so can you. I wanted to share this with you when comfort and hope is needed such as now in hopesHello lovely crafters,
We had some pretty awesome entries and also a range of styles - CAS, grungy, modern. It was very enjoyable for us to visit your blogs and read more about your creative process too.
Special Mention
The Top 3 (in no particular order)
Consistently Neha has amazed us with her lovely creations. This time too we loved this shaped card which has so many interesting details and not to miss the inside of the card which has been equally well decorated.
We liked the choice of embellishments, layering and the overall feel of this card
CAS card packed with a punch - what a lovely scene with a hand drawn golf club and the half pearl ball is a beautiful touch.
And the winner this month is
We were totally blown away by this stunning card. Head over to her blog to read about the technique she used to create the fabulous background and dimensional anchor. The variety of materials used to enhance the texture of the card, sure reminds me of the cool sea breeze - do you agree?
Pooja, Pls contact hello@lulupu.com to claim your Prize.
CONGRATULATIONS to all of you!
Readers, don't forget to check out details of the current challenge.
There is a Rs.500 voucher up for grabs this time. We look forward to your participation.
There is a Rs.500 voucher up for grabs this time. We look forward to your participation.
Thanks you so much lulupu team. Congratulations pooja, Rupa and top 3s.
Thanks a lot team Lulupu..Fab start to my Day !!
congrats pooja
Thank you so much team :) congrats to the winner :)in Lewis Carroll’s
Alice in Wonderland
After the first Democratic Presidential Debate on October 13, 2015 we went to sleep in America and Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland was a book of fiction. A year later we find ourselves in the thick of the book’s madness with the Queen of Hearts/Trump screaming, “Off with their heads.”
We recognize in our midst Lewis Carroll’s central character the Queen/Trump that the author describes as a “blind fury,” a foul-mouthed, ill-tempered, irrational monarch in which the King/Paul Ryan is attempting to mitigate the awful decrees.
For a whole year we have been in the grips of daily assaults on our sanity by the Queen of Hearts/Donald Trump. She/he has upped the nasty game to provoke and invoke the demons of xenophobia, of racism, of shaming, of mocking and of mouth-fouled misogyny.
In case the realists among us would like to make distinctions between Alice and ourselves, between the Queen of Hearts and Donald Trump between literature and life, it’s too late. Trump has already destroyed the border between fact and fiction.
We are already in some profound sense “Alice in Wonderland,” feeling trapped in a Trump madness of a very confusing narrative in which nothing makes sense and everything is crazy making. Trump tells us daily and repeatedly that wrong is right, that fact is fiction that science is junk that narcissism is patriotism that what he said about sexual assault on women is normal male talk.
There is a lesson we must take from Alice in Wonderland. It’s time to stop following Trump into a rabbit-hole in which Republicans now, like Alice in the book must constantly change their size, their ethics, democratic values, and decency or risk drowning themselves and this country in a pool of tears.
Like Alice, to get out of the Trump rabbit-hole we must wake up and remember political sanity. We will be able to recall that a year ago in October 2015 in the Democratic Presidential Debate, Hillary Clinton offered a vibrant American vision, which supports human rights, families, women and children and cares about the world.
In the current madness of a made-up Trump reality show we must recall that in the real world Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders offered detailed plans for future. They laid out strategies for expanding human rights and ways to get out of the Republicans’ rabbit-hole of the inhumanity of economic inequality, of the harshness on poverty, and of inattention to structural racism. Indeed, the Republican Party itself dug the rabbit-hole; Trump just excavated it to a new low.
Let’s recall that in the 2015 debate CNN moderator Dana Bash asked Hillary Clinton about Carly Fiorina’s rejection of parental leave. Clinton said that California, Fiorina’s home state, has a paid leave program, that contrary to Republican’ dire predictions, it has been successful. She went on to remind the audience that the same people who have a problem with issues like paid leave, “don’t mind big government interfering with a woman’s right to choose or trying to shut down Planned Parenthood.”
Millions of underserved women get their medical care at Planned Parenthood that the Republicans have been fighting so hard to shut down; millions of women are now out of sight in the Trump world. In the real world of daily life Hilary Clinton has been the voice of women. She has given hope to millions of women and men who understand that reproductive rights are human rights and that to attack choice is to deny women the right that men have, the right over their own bodies. Hillary offered a strong public support for the health and wellbeing of women.
Awake and aware we recall that in the 2015 Democratic debate there were some differences as well as strong and clear ideas about social equality, a critique of deepening economic disparity, the danger of powerful industries and the drug companies, and the perils of the NRA.
In the real world that has been obscured by Trump’s foul-mouthed, ill-tempered, irrational pronouncements, both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders talked about the need for compassionate immigration reform, for increasing the minimum wage, for attention to the environment, and for a much needed prison and a justice system reform.
Judging from what we have seen so far it is not clear at all that Trump could ever come out of the demonic hole that he has dug for himself. We don’t know how the world of folly of the Queen of Hearts that he has produced would act should he lose the election. What is beyond doubt is that he must never become president of this country.1-Tell the readers a little about yourself.
I’m never just one thing. Some of my beliefs seem contradictory to people. I have many and disparate interests, and I’ve been known to change my mind occasionally.
I’m married, my children are grown, and I have lots of grandchildren. I teach natural childbirth classes, cook Real Food, and try to live close to nature. There’s always room for improvement.
2-As an author, do you take time to read? If so, what do you like to read and who is/are your favorite author/s?
Oh my, yes. I’ve not stopped reading since I learned how. I read all kinds of things (see #1 above), but mostly science fiction, with fantasy a close second. My favorite authors are the ones whose books I read over and over again because their worlds and characters have become a part of me. I will buy their new books without second thought: Julie Czernada, Sharon Lee and Steve Miller, Anne McAffrey, Diana Gabaldon... there are many more, but those are the front runners.
3-How do you stay motivated when the Muse is uncooperative?
The short answer is, I don’t. The only way I keep writing is if I know something is expected by someone. Like this interview. I tend to not put things off if I know I HAVE to get it out the door, but this means that my novels suffer major neglect.
4-If you could go anywhere in the world on a romantic getaway, what would you do and where would you go?
Someplace with a view of the stars. We both love to stargaze, with and without telescopes. One of our favorite memories from our honeymoon was stopping the car along the road between Lahaina and Kihei on Maui, and staring at the Milky Way.
5-What is the hardest thing for you to write?
I don’t know. This may sound silly, but I guess it would be anything I didn’t want to be writing.
6-If you could live the life of one of your characters who would you be?
This isn’t easy to answer. If I could choose a setting, I would live in Moon Over Donamorgh - Irish forest, witches, fairies, and people who care for each other. But while I’d like live with those characters, I wouldn’t want to be any of them.
I think it would fun to be Sandy Tan from Webs, which is the story in the Samhain anthology. Sandy’s part of a larger WIP called Verdandi, and I can totally relate to her. She’s a soil scientist, she’s shy, and she’s attuned to the spirits of planets. She gets to live on an asteroid spaceship and explore the galaxy, she’s part of a polyamorous relationship, and she works with plants. It’s a good life.
7-The tag line on my blog is ‘Indulge Your Inner Romantic.’ What do you do to indulge?
Ever hear of Half Moon Bay? The name alone is romantic. My husband proposed there, at the Old Thyme Inn. We go back often for a night of brandy and chocolate in front of a fire. During the day, we scramble around in the tide pools or hike in the forest. It’s just the two of us, all weekend long..
Genre - Nonfiction, Religion, Spirituality, Wicca & Witchcraft
Marlene Dotterer writes science fiction and fantasy from the perspective of science and paganism. She walks a nature path, and feeds her Celtic soul with all things Irish. She is the author of The Time Travel Journals: Shipbuilder, an alternate history of Thomas Andrews, the builder of the Titanic.
3 comments:
Thank you for hosting, Lynn. I love your website!
Thank you. I tried to make the site as appealing as possible.
Love the post! I love stargazing, too, Marlene. A clear night, no light pollution and a comet's tail passing- yay!
Great site, too.
Belated happy Samhain from the heart of Celtic Wales.
Julietplz help
i cant find the scroll bars for the composition in after effects i tried to use tha hand tool but it wont work either plz help
Try going to the Zoom Factor pull down at the left bottom corner of the Composition Panel and selecting Fit. Then use the hand tool to move around.
Are you new to AE? If so, please start here: Basic Workflow
AE is a very complex program and it's highly unlikely that you can just open the app and start successfully using it without any training.
Screenshots would help us diagnose your problem. Try resetting your workspace.The.
I’m not afraid to admit that I can be quite hesitant when it comes to colour. I operate comfortably and safely within the realm of muted tones and well-worn pastels. Don’t get me wrong, I do love a bright palette, but only when other people do it. I just don’t have the knack. I can count on one hand the number of brightly coloured things that I own – a Utopia Goods cushion is one of them.
Utopia Goods’ vibrant prints fuse bold, contemporary style with a distinct sense of nostalgia. Each print is designed as a celebration of Australian flora and fauna, a kaleidoscope of colours from the native landscape. Transformed into cushions, tablecloths and bedding, they become objects for the home that evoke a strong sense of place.
All Utopia Goods’ designs are hand-illustrated by Bruce Slorach, who is somewhat of an unsung hero in the Australian design sphere. In the eighties he headed two cult fashion labels; Abyss and Funk Essentials (so eighties, we love it) and was the Creative Director of Mambo for five years, during the height of their success. Following this, Bruce and his partner Sophie Tatlow began Deuce Design, a respected graphic design studio now known for their architectural and environmental graphics for projects across Sydney.
Sophie and Bruce’s combined contribution to the Australian design landscape is endlessly impressive and always varied!
Tell us a little bit about each of your backgrounds – what did you study, and how did you meet?
Bruce: I have always drawn and painted. I studied Fine Arts at the Victorian College of the Arts, and have been very fortunate to be self-employed as a visual artist, graphic designer and designer since I left school. I’ve been in the design industry for 25 years, and have designed textiles my entire career. For ten years I had a fashion label in the ’80s, and then worked as design director at Mambo. Sophie and I met through friends over twenty years ago!
Sophie: I studied at Monash University (Chisholm) followed by Object Design at Enmore Design Centre, then a Masters of Arts at UTS. I’ve been a creative director and copywriter for Deuce Design for about 15 years, working across all manner of design projects from research, books, branding, and web to heritage projects. I think the one key skill or task that comes from my background is the ability to ‘sweep the floor’ and to be flexible, I like to think I’d give most things a go.
When you launched Utopia Goods in 2012, what were the initial motivations to start the business?
Sophie: I think it was a five-year long conversation before it actually started! There were multiple motivations to start Utopia Goods. We’d discussed starting a creative product type ‘textile’ brand that was inherently Australian in attitude and content. Our mutual love of design, textiles, art and native botanicals were a huge part of the impetus, plus the desire to see something in the marketplace that paid tribute to the beauty of Australian botanicals, without going into the ‘Australiana’ category.
I think one of the biggest factors was Bruce’s life long history and experience with illustration and textile design. Bruce had one of Melbourne’s most successful street wear labels in the late ’80s, which was illustrative and screen-printed.
Utopia Goods owes its ‘look and feel’ to being a handcrafted product. It’s illustrated by hand, hand printed and woven on our specified 100% linen. The hand feel and texture has taken years to finesse, and we print it on 370gsm heavy weight linen.
Does your work with Utopia Goods overlap at all with Deuce Design?
Yes and no. They are run out of the same studio space in Surry Hills. They are intertwined on many levels but they also operate very independently and they have different design methodology and client base. The biggest difference is that Deuce Design is a design consultancy and we design for clients in a project-based situation, whereas with Utopia Goods we design for customers and manufacture. Some Deuce Design clients specify Utopia Goods for their projects, which is a nice crossover. Deuce Design has also had a portfolio of long-term heritage design projects (some that take many years to complete), which have had some influence on the content and inspiration behind Utopia Goods.
How do you construct a new collection? Does it stem firstly from Bruce’s illustrations or does the concept come first?
The design process is fluid, organic and at the same time extremely well planned. We’re generally working a year ahead of a collection launch. The manufacturing takes at least six months because of the handmade nature of the process. The design and drawing process is generally three months. Every print is hand drawn and can take Bruce up to six – eight weeks, depending on the print’s complexity and colour arrangement. Every print starts as a painting, then every colour or screen is redrawn (hence, our motto, ‘good things take time’).
The collection begins with a conversation that starts in January and ends in December. The concept can start with a colour palette, a particular native flower or plant, a painting we’ve seen or a botanical adventure. The new ‘Paradise’ print is loosely based on my thesis and the palette is derived from a painting, and a couple of the birds within the painting are endangered species from North Queensland. Each print has its own narrative and influence and then those prints make up a collection.
What have been one or two favourite recent projects or commissions?
Bruce’s recent exhibition at Saint Cloche in Paddington was a highlight. We had a show of Bruce’s paintings and illustrations in March. The show featured a collection of paintings and prints of the original artwork for the textiles. We sold everything within a couple of hours at the opening, which was very exciting, and a great surprise. Our pop up stores are always great too, and a wonderful way to meet our customers and get insightful feedback.
We’re now on the hunt for a new home where Utopia Goods can maintain a showroom and shop front. Stay tuned, as I think we’ve found one! Bruce is also painting for a new show, and we’ve got a number of exciting commissions in the pipeline.
Can you give us a little insight into the inner workings of your business and creative process? How do you manage the day-to-day side of the business?
Busy! It’s not a traditional 8-hour working day. We have to be careful that we’re not working every waking minute. We have a 14-year-old son (Henri), and we try to stick to the rule of not working or talking about work in his company (we break this rule all the time!) When you run a creative business with your life partner, the conversation will always find a way to circle back to work.
Running a business like Utopia Goods is like being a parent to an insomniac two-year old that never grows up.
You love it intensely, it’s unexpected, it’s constantly surprising you, rewarding, frustrating, sleepless (businesses don’t sleep), hungry (for cash flow), playful, demanding and can induce tears of frustration and joy, and there are growth spurts!
But we have the most fantastic customers and clients who are passionate, interested and engaged, which really helps to drive the day-to-day running of the business. There are five of us in the studio, each are integral to every part of Utopia Goods.
What does a typical day at work involve for you?
To be honest they all feel completely different. Every day starts off with a homemade coffee at home by Bruce; it’s our little moment of ritual together. I head into the studio first, usually before 8 (it’s quiet and I can attack the emails), and then Bruce comes in around 9. Bruce is a keen road rider and rides most mornings – this is key to his creative well-being.
We’ve always gone ‘to and from work’ separately, so we don’t spend 24 hours a day together. A typical day includes: following up on emails, production checks with India, sales, client and customer requests, many ‘colour’ and ‘design’ conversations with Bruce peppered throughout the day, range planning and copywriting. Bruce’s day is almost 100% design between Deuce and Utopia Goods; his days also include many site visits for various Deuce projects.
You’ve done a few working holidays recently, from India to the US – can you tell us a bit about these?
We’ve just come back from the US where we’ve now got a couple of agents and the product has really started to started to sell well there. It is a wonderful feeling taking Australian-designed product out of the country and into new frontiers.
India is such an important place for us because it’s where we (proudly) print and weave. India produces some of the best hand printed textiles and weaving in the world, and has a three thousand year old textile history. The linen comes in the most sublime, heavy weight quality. Our printers and weavers are just so extremely skilled. We didn’t expect to have such an intense and personal relationship with the country. Travelling there has truly been life changing and has opened our eyes to the myriad of possibilities with hand crafted textile design.
Which other Australian designers, artists or creative people are you loving at the moment?
Oh there are too many to name, both past and present. I love what the girls at Walter G Design produce, Sally Campbell, Jenny Kee and Linda Jackson. We work with many architects and designers, so it’s hard to narrow down but we do admire people like Adam Goodrum, George Livissianis and Peter McGregor.
As far as Australian artists go, Cressida Campbell, Albert Namatjira, Rex Battarbee, Fairlee Kingston, Martin Sharp, Laura Jones, Louise Hearman, Bill Henson, Lisa Roet.
Can you list for us your top resources that you turn to when you’re in a need of creative inspiration?
First and foremost the Australian bush.
In the US we were blown away by some of the collections in American textile museums and archives of traditional cloth.
Instagram feeds for antique textiles – we always come back to those of Mary Bergtold Mulch, Christopher Moore, Katharine Pole and Cabana Magazine
We have a very large library of collected books both at the studio and home. The ones I’m looking at that are on our desk at this moment are: Printed Textiles (British and American Linens) by Linda Eaton, Imprints of Culture by Eiluned Edwards, Gods in Print by Richard David and a tall stack of various Australian botanical and bird books.
Sydney Questions
What’s your favourite Sydney neighbourhood?
We have two! Surry Hills because we’ve worked here for 20 years, we know it so well we could walk to work blind-folded.
Secondly we love Paddington because it’s one of Sydney’s best kept heritage suburbs. It retains some of the most beautiful Victorian buildings and features, and is a reminder of why we shouldn’t demolish our architectural history.
What and where was the best meal you recently had in Sydney?
One of Bruce’s home cooked meals or Mr T Vietnamese in Paddington.
Where would we find you on a typical Saturday morning?
Walking the dog, without fail. It’s a great way to relax and get some exercise.
Sydney’s best kept secret?
Rose Bay dog beach. It’s a mad mash up of wet hairy pooches, kicking sand in every direction. And of course, our new shopfront! Stay Tuned!
View Comments
I love today’s story about the clever and proudly Australian couple from Utopia – makes me very proud that they are inspired at home. Beautiful, thanks for sharing their story.
Loved reading about you! I love Australia (I’m a New-Zealander, and love here too, but the space and light of Australia and magnificent flora and fauna, calls a different part of my soul!) So always love seeing artistic things going on in Australia. I’m simply one of the plebs, having a go at printmaking. Found you on Pinterest. I was in Melbourne 4 years ago. Drove with a friend up to the Grampians. A good start to seeing Oz!! EllenHyperglycemia, Insulin and Acute Ischemic Stroke
To the Editor:
We read with interest the recent article by Garg et al, highlighting again the increasing interest within the stroke research community in modulation of physiological variables that could affect stroke outcome.1 Poststroke hyperglycemia has long been recognized as a poor prognostic factor in terms of mortality and functional recovery. It remains to be determined whether active intervention to lower glucose levels after acute stroke can modify clinical outcome. The United Kingdom Glucose Insulin in Stroke Trial (GIST-UK) was designed to address this question, using an intravenous glucose-potassium-insulin (GKI) infusion to induce and maintain euglycemia.2
We are disappointed that Garg and colleagues chose to dispute the relevance of the results of GIST-UK before its completion and without appropriate interpretation of the trial protocol. The final patient will be randomized March 31st, 2006, and the results should be available for presentation and publication in early 2007. Garg’s article reflects a basic misunderstanding of the trial methodology and its context. The aim of GIST is to determine the effectiveness of intervention to maintain euglycemia in routine practice. Although guidelines may currently exist for the management of hyperglycemia, there is no evidence to suggest such intervention is either effective or safe. With respect to target blood glucose levels for the control (saline) group, admission plasma glucose of 17 mmol/L represents the upper limit for inclusion in the trial, not target glucose level. The treatment arm of GIST has a target capillary glucose of 4 to 7 mmol/L, with the objective in the control group being not to intervene unless glucose rises above 17 mmol/L. The most recent published data from GIST demonstrates that the majority of randomized patients have only moderate hyperglycemia (mean admission plasma glucose 8.37 mmol/L).3 Furthermore, without specific intervention plasma glucose levels fall spontaneously in the control group. Thus, any suggestion that patients are being managed with glucose levels of 17 mmol/L is both misleading and incorrect. Our work has demonstrated the safety and efficacy of the GIST GKI regime in the maintenance of euglycemia after acute stroke and currently is the only evidence-based approach from which we can describe how poststroke hyperglycemia can be managed.
We designed the GIST GKI regime to be delivered as part of routine care to the maximum number of eligible patients. In the event of a simple, safe and effective treatment for stroke being discovered, it is probable this will be given to patients with significant levels of comorbidity and pre-existing disability. Thus, the currently favored end point in stroke treatment trials of ‘good outcome’ (modified Rankin Scale [mRS] <1 or <2) is not appropriate; the use of a ‘poor outcome’ as a clinical end point becomes much more relevant. The wish of most stroke patients is the avoidance of the ‘poor outcome’ of death or severe disability. We therefore elected to use mortality at 12 weeks as the primary outcome measure for GIST-UK. Furthermore, as a secondary outcome measure we dichotomized the mRS so that a 12-week mRS of 4 to 6 is categorized as a ‘poor outcome’.4 We estimate that given predicted final recruitment to GIST-UK, the trial will have sufficient power of 90% at the 5% level to detect meaningful differences in nonmortality outcomes between groups, as measured using the mRS. Avoidance of a ‘poor outcome’ reflects the findings of the Stroke Unit Trialists’ Collaboration (reduced dependency, institutionalization, mortality), supporting our belief that this end point is highly relevant.5
There are many issues that arise from clinical trial methodology, but it is inappropriate to dismiss the design and implementation of a trial based on inaccurate interpretation and before publication of results. We look forward to sharing the results of GIST-UK with the stroke research community in the near future.
References
- ↵Garg R, Chaudhuri A, Munschauer F, Dandona P. Hyperglycaemia, insulin and acute ischaemic stroke. A mechanistic justification for a trial of insulin infusion therapy. Stroke. 2006; 37: 267–273.
- ↵Scott JF, Robinson GM, French JM, O’Connell JE, Alberti KGMM, Gray CS. Glucose potassium insulin infusions in the treatment of acute stroke patients with mild to moderate hyperglycaemia: the Glucose Insulin in Stroke Trial (GIST). Stroke. 1999; 30: 793–799.
- ↵Gray CS, Hildreth AJ, Alberti KGMM, O’Connell JE. Poststroke hyperglycaemia: natural history and immediate management. Stroke. 2004; 35: 122–126.
- ↵
- ↵UK Stroke Trialists Collaboration. Collaborative systematic review of the randomised trials of organised in patient (stroke unit) care after stroke. BMJ. 1997; 314: 1151–1160.
Response:
O’Connell and colleagues have raised several questions about our review1 while giving some new information about the GIST-UK. Safety data on GIST was published in 1999, and the trial was projected to end by 2002.2,3 It’s good to know that the last patient will soon be randomized and we are likely to see the results by 2007. We understand the GIST protocol to the extent it has been published. It is possible that that there is more to the GIST trial methodology than published so far. However, the fact remains that there is no intervention in the control group unless glucose rises above 17 mmol/L. If GIST were to be planned today, the threshold for intervention in control group will be much lower because the definition of conventional treatment has changed over time. Lower threshold for insulin treatment in the control group would have led to a bigger sample size. That’s why we suggest a nonmortality primary end point. Although we appreciate the effort to determine the effectiveness of insulin infusion in routine practice, it may be helpful to first establish the effectiveness in any setting. Insulin infusion is still not given outside the special units in most US hospitals. This is probably true of UK as well. Finally, no one can dismiss a major trial like GIST. We are eagerly waiting to see the results of this trial, as is the rest of the medical community. However, if it were to take several more years, a trial on the lines that we suggested in our review might have been worthwhile in retrospect.
References
- ↵Garg R, Chaudhuri A, Munschauer F, Dandona P. Hyperglycemia, insulin, and acute ischemic stroke: a mechanistic justification for a trial of insulin infusion therapy. Stroke. 2006; 37: 267–273.
-.
- ↵Sc.
This Issue
Article Tools
-
- Hyperglycemia, Insulin and Acute Ischemic StrokeJanice E. O’Connell, Anthony J. Hildreth and Christopher S. GrayStroke. 2006;37:1150-1151, originally published April 24, 2006
Citation Manager Formats
-
-This powerful, all-natural product is taking the world by storm. Developed by physician and chemist professionals, Humanoflow™ for men is a revolutionary product designed to improve sexual performance and overall wellbeing. Imagine a product that could steadily increase testosterone levels from daily use. Our proprietary formula will increase blood circulation, boost energy levels, increase strength, enhance sexual performance, build muscle and lower blood pressure.
Humanoflow™ will do all that! They created this radical supplement so men could feel more youthful. Being more intimate is not just about having an erection - it’s also about a positive state of mind. They know the proven recipe for success: feeling boosted and stronger, looking better and performing better.
Humanofort be derived from nutrition via food supply.
Dietary intake supplies the body’s cells not only with fuel, but with the correct “signaling” to allow regulation and proper responses and actions in our organs
When they combine Humanofort and CBD, natural growth factors create new and exciting signaling capabilities within our stem cells
They believe this leads to many new reactions in the body, thus creating healthy aging, genetic balance, and disease prevention
According to Dr. Shinya Yamanaka, matured stem cells can be reprogrammed to replicate and repair. Dr. Yamanaka received a Nobel Prize in 2012 for this discovery
Cell reprogramming explains why combining CBD and Humanofort effectively addresses many specific conditions
Some potential benefits include: Increased strength, prolonged stamina, better focus, improved sleep, increased libido, along with supporting probiotics and an overall sense of wellbeing
East meets West
The last tourists to come in droves to Canning Town were the Germans in 1940. They flew over on day trips from France and bombed the hell out of the place.
Canning Town still looks like a bomb site today. What can the aggregating droves of new Jubilee Line tourists make of this poor, if characterful, quarter of Thames-side London as they begin to turn up in search of local colour and refreshment? What tourists, you ask. Like I said, Jubilee Line Tourists.
Since the long-awaited £3.5bn Tube extension was completed just before the end of last year, a growing number of curious and intrepid tourists, Londoners among them, are buying One Day Zone 1-4 Travelcards (£4.10) and trekking out east to explore the true wonders of JLE architecture.
The pluckiest of all are daring to leave the palatial shelter of the stations to make forays into deepest Docklands. One can almost hear them echo Charlie Marlow, narrator of Conrad's Heart of Darkness, recalling, as his boat sails into the London docks, the last words of Mr Kurtz . . . "The horror! The horror!"
I promise I'm not kidding. Although the Jubilee Line stations are as good as they're cracked up to be - true wonders of the public realm - first views from the generous concourses of Bermondsey, Canada Water, North Greenwich, Canning Town and West Ham are not exactly encouraging.
The landscapes beyond are daunting, sweeping compositions of power lines, gas holders, Parcel Force depots, warehouses and every possible variety of local authority housing built between VJ Day in 1945 and the abolition of the GLC in 1986. Threaded and laced above, below, underneath and between are flyovers, flyunders, decidedly unmagical roundabouts, "Drive Thru" McDonalds and the extensive paraphernalia of London's sewage system.
The grandest sight I saw within easy walking distance of West Ham station was the great Northern Outfall Sewer slewing eastwards from Mill Meads pumping station. Well, there was the extensive East London Cemetery, too, but, without doubt, nothing here matches the imposing JLE station. An impressive architectural essay in brick, concrete and glass, this is dominated by an imposing Dudok Dutch-style clock tower and is, touchingly, a homage to Charles Holden (1875-1960), the Quaker Arts & Crafts architect who refused a knighthood (twice) and bequeathed London some of its finest Underground stations, pre-JLE.
It really is worth making the brief trip to West Ham to see the new station designed by Haward & Van Heyningen. I am prepared to admit that you might find few other places of interest in West Ham (don't jump to conclusions: the famous football club's ground is reached from Upton Park station, which is some way off), so let's go back and begin at the beginning, at Westminster where the 11 new stations of the JLE begin.
There's no point listing the tourist sights above Michael Hopkins' superb new station, although I found it strange (imagining myself a tourist in my own city) that there appears to be just one, rather pricey, café anywhere near Parliament Square. There is a very highly subsidised café and restaurant opening on to a magnificent Gothic Revival riverside terrace nearby, but this is reserved for those who toil not, but spin (the latter a great deal) and pretend to represent the rest of us in the Mother of Parliaments.
The station is like a Piranesi etching brought to life, but through the distorting lens of 20th-century engineering. The set designers of BBC TV's Gormenghast have nothing on this modern castelline architecture. Its toughness, its sheer battleship qualities help to redeem the tarty and grossly overweight Portcullis House that groans above the Underground station and, curiously, has been designed by the same architect.
On to Waterloo, where you can watch the beginnings of restoration work on Nicholas Grimshaw's Eurostar Terminal. Tourists often overlook the gastronomic wonders of The Cut (sinful cakes at Konditor & Cook, tapas to write home to Spain about at Don Felippe and great fish at Livebait), the fetishistic wonders of Lower Marsh (Ian Allan for railway books and model trains; Honour for rubberwear and size 12 six-inch stilettos) in favour of the improving culture of the South Bank.
At the east end of The Cut is Southwark station, a magical design by MacCormac Jamieson Prichard, its lofty concourse dominated by an imposing wall of blue glass installed by the artist Alex Beleschenko. Outside: the unrewarding rigours of Blackfriars Road and, from May, a reasonably brief walk to the brand new Tate Modern housed in the former Bankside Power Station which looms over the Globe Theatre.
London Bridge is next. Far from falling down, as once it looked to be, the station - underground at least - is a deeply impressive and clearly signed labyrinth, no string required to find your way out. Designed by young JLE architects under Roland Paoletti. Excellent. Outside . . . the bridge, of course, and Tower Bridge a few minutes' walk east, the delightfully spooky London Dungeon, pisco sours at Fina Estampa, one of London's finest (only?) Peruvian restaurants, and the Dickensian walk underneath the arches down Bermondsey Street to Tower Bridge Road.
And so out to Docklands proper. Talk about Dickensian, me old china. Slap, bang, wallop across the frog from the old (ie brand new) Tube station is the Dickens Estate. You could've knocked me down wiv a fevvah. A butcher's down one end of Jamaica Road reveals the dreaded Canary Wharf Tower; a butcher's the other way has its polar opposite to show, a high-rise council tower of the late 1960s.
In fact, Bermondsey is a kind of exhibition of LCC and GLC post-Blitz housing. I find this riveting; you might find it depressing. If so, everyone back on the train.
Canada Water. Housed under a huge glazed drum - it would be ideal for high-wire trapeze shows - the concourse of this station is deeply impressive. But, it's set in the middle of what looks to be nowhere and, unless you're a fan of 40-ton articulated lorries, I'd stick to the station boundaries, then press on to Canary Wharf.
This is the JLE's showcase, the second busiest Under ground station after Oxford Circus and designed by Foster & Partners on an awe-inspiring scale. Here's the heroic civic engineering of ancient Rome brought brilliantly up-to-date. Superb.
Upstairs is, well, Canary Wharf, an alarmingly funny Yuppie theme park. Its Logan's Run atmosphere (you're dead meat here if you're over 30) is unsettling - no grannies, no dogs, no working class (sorry, I nearly forgot: they don't exist anymore in New Britain), yet the bombastic Chicago and Manhattan-style architecture is well worth seeing. Lots of public art, some of it excellent.
Bring barrowloads of cash or gold credit cards. There are no bargains at the Wharf. Hotel by Philippe Starck opens this year; the bar could well be fun. The Brera café in the shopping mall serves some of the only decent capuccinos in London beyond Soho's Bar Italia.
A few stragglers left their seats at North Greenwich station, jaws set, determined, despite the freezing mist, to have the best day of their lives, as advertised by the Prime Minister. The Yves Klein blue station is fantastic and the bus station above is pretty good, too.
Canning Town's next. That's where I came in. The station is, again, a fine piece of architecture; it sits, like some latter-day religious monument on top of a rise. The bus station, by Eva Jiricna, alongside it combines to form an almost Baroque composition. Not Turin or Dresden, maybe, but pretty impressive all the same.
The station is partly on the sight of the one-time Thames Ironworks. The last ship built here was HMS Thunderer in 1911. Not much seems to have happened since. Your choice is fish'n'chips, Caribbean takeaway or proper bacon sarnies on crusty slices of white bloomer in the market café.
Aw'right. Back on the Tube to West Ham and into the supremely airy Stratford station that cries out for a smart stainless-steel topped Italian bar and café. Change here for Southend and Clacton, but these cockney resorts are well out of London Underground bounds. Back to Westminster, its one café and the crowded, Tube-driven London every tourist knows.OSF Founders Offer AT&T Unix Versions
Joshua Greenbaum, with contributions from Eric Nee
Computer System News
January 2, 1989
The market clout of AT&T's Unix System V has led key Open Software Foundation members to develop native versions of Unix System V.3 although they publicly favor OSF's AIX-based operating system.
Three OSF founding members - Digital Equipment Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co. and Apollo Computer Inc. - this year will market releases of Unix System V.3 to run on major portions of their respective hardware lines. All three companies also plan to support OSF's operating system following its scheduled 1989 release.
At DEC, offering a Unix System V.3 operating system moves the company into the mainstream Unix System V market, although the company sells the product only to the telecommunications industry. Since 1985, DEC has emphasized its Unix bsd-based Ultrix operating system. Ultrix also incorporates enhancements from Unix System V, but until late 1988, DEC offered only Ultrix and Unix System V release 2, under the name VAX system V.
HP began offering a largely System V.3-compatible version of its HP/UX Unix for HP 9000 series 800 minicomputers late last year.
The company will upgrade HP/UX for its HP 9000 series 300 minicomputers to make them System V.3-compatible sometime in 1989, according to HP marketing manager Cynthia McCulley.
"What we want is a standard," McCulley said. "The only shippable standard is V.3."
Also, HP decided to offer Unix System V.3 for its PC line rather than HP/UX. The difficulty of porting HP/UX to PCs, in addition to the more than 2500 software applications for Unix System V.3 on 80386 machines, was the main factor in the decision, according to Bob Puette, general manager of HP's PC group.
Apollo too has supported Unix System V.3 since 1985 and last summer began offering a version of its Domain operating system that includes a native Unix System V.3 environment, according to Mike Gutman, vice president of corporate business development at Apollo. The company originally offered a version of Domain that was only partially compatible with System V release 2.
"We concluded it was not what the developers want to see," Gutman said. "It's not a technical issue, it's a religious issue."
The migration of DEC, HP and Apollo to System V.3 contrasts with the often bitter technical war between OSF and AT&T. That conflict has centered on the merits of Unix System V versus those of IBM's Unix System V.2-based AIX, which will serve as the kernal of OSF/1, the group's operating system.
Most OSF members traditionally have supported derivative versions of Unix, such as IBM's AIX, and not native Unix System V. IBM has no plans to offer a native Unix System V for its hardware systems, according to an IBM spokesman.
System V.4 on Horizon
In addition to developing Unix System V.3, some OSF members are working on versions of Unix System V.4, the operating system that OSF rejected in favor of IBM's AIX. HP, DEC and Apollo are considering System V.4, as are a number of other OSF vendors, sources said.
A DEC spokesman acknowledged that ongoing System V work at DEC has included an evaluation of System V.4 and its features. HP's Puette also said System V.4 is "being considered for the PCs."
Apollo is keeping an open mind on the V.4 issue, although Gutman emphasized that the company is focusing the bulk of its attention on OSF/1.
"We will continue to maintain the ability to evaluate V.4," Gutman said.
Observers see OSF companies' continuing work on Unix System V.3 and V.4 as recognition of the need to support customers that have committed to Unix System V - at least until the release of OSF/1.
QUOTE: "The only shippable standard is V.3."
DEC is continuing work on its version of Unix System V for sales into AT&T, the regional Bell operating companies and other select telecommunications customers, according to David Leonard, business manager of DEC's VAX System V group. "Our intent is to leverage new sales [with Unix System V.3]," said Leonard.
DEC began support of Unix System V shortly after the breakup of AT&T in 1983, according to Leonard. DEC offered a Unix System V.2 version until December 1988, when it released a V.3 version for the telecommunications market, he said.
Leonard declined to disclose the number of System V licenses DEC has sold. Nor would he discuss how many DEC machines run System V, except to acknowledge that most of the "tremendously large installed base of VAX and PDP computers" in the telecommunications market run System V.
DEC is restricting its VAX system V sales to the telecommunications industry, said a company spokesman. While customers outside telecommunications can obtain VAX System V is there is a large demand, they first must undergo a review process at the highest levels.
"They do not generally encourage people to go in that direction," the spokesman said.
It was precisely that policy that led DEC to refuse to bid VAX System V to the U. S. Air Force's multimillion-dollar AFCAC contract awarded last November.
DEC had insisted on bidding Ultrix despite the requirement that the operating system be consistent with AT&T's System V Interface Definition (SVID). Ultrix, at the time, was not compatible with SVID.
Wouldn't Back Down
DEC attempted to force the government to change the SVID requirement, but ultimately removed itself from the bidding rather than offer VAX System V as an alternative.
HP's Puette cited the presence of more than 2500 applications currently available for Unix System V release 3.2. "This is a market-driven decision," Puette said of HP's plan to offer System V.3. "We're in an industry-standard business with our PCs."
Puette added that the company remains committed to the OSF operating system environment for its minicomputers.
Widespread Interest
DEC and HP are not the only OSF members funding ongoing Unix System V development work. A recent set of software development conferences on AT&T's forthcoming Unix System V.4, sponsored by AT&T, drew 35 OSF members, including founders DEC, HP, Apollo Computer Inc., Honeywell Bull Inc., Nixdorf AG and Siemens AG. Representatives From IBM's Japanese operations were also present at the conferences.
OSF officials do not see continued Unix System V development work as contradictory. OSF vice president of Operations Donal O'Shea acknowledged in a recent interview that OSF members have no obligation to implement OSF/1 or the OSF's upcoming graphical user interface.
"We have no commitment that they are going to use our products," O'Shea said, adding that sponsors "can't afford to stop their development efforts."
O'Shea said the ongoing development efforts by OSF members make it imperative that OSF offer highly competitive products for its members. "It's up to us to produce a good operating system," O'Shea said.Thursday, July 25, 2013
Book Release Blast- 'Silver Heart' by Victoria Green
Title-Silver Heart
Series-The Unspoken Collection #1
By- Victoria Green
Genre-New Adult Contemporary Romance
Expected Publication Date- July 25th,2013-
About the Author-
NA Author writing for those suffering from unspoken love and believing in second chances.
Will work for chocolate. And puppies.
Links-
Twitter-5 New Metallic Beauty Launches to Try in 2018
11 varieties available
NYX Liquid Crystal Body Liner
BY NYX #90 in Eyeliner
4.13 / 5 based on 485 Reviews
Product Description
Infused with glamorous micro-glitter for sparkling sex appeal this fine brush tip allows for precision application and can be used to create lines of varying thickness. Perfect for parties and date-night drama.
Ingredients:).see more...
Top Questions See all 21 Q&A
- Any tips on applying this to get the full effect? Seems that some...2 Answers
- Does the glitter chunk up and fall off? I wear contacts and that'...4 Answers
- Is it really glittery? Does it runs all over your... Be the first to answer!
NYX Liquid Crystal Body Liner
Reviews (485)
Q&A (21)
Media (85)
REVIEWS
I love these glitter liners I need all of them! They’re such an easy way to amp up your look without having to work so hard. A little on the inner corner or lid makes a difference in your look! I was afraid of it stinging a little because some glitter liner does that but this one didn’t for me. It isn’t a blob of glitter mind you it’s more of a sparkle but you can definitely build it up. It doesn’t crumble either which is important!
These are sooo pretty and pigmented I used this for a cut crease and it stayed incredibly well! Didn’t crack or crumble like a lot of other glitters I have tried it stayed in place. Also love the brush on these it’s super fine so you can be precise I’m all about a glitter that isn’t a hassle to use! My only issue is when I first applied this it felt like my eyelid was burning for a second not sure why?
This was super inexpensive compared to the UD Heavy Metal Liners and it worked just as great! I have had this product for three days so far and I have already done two lip looks with it! It kind of stung when I first put it on my lips for the polka dot look but the stinging went away. NYX Liquid Crystal Body LinerCiaté London Liquid Velvet™ Moisturizing Matte Liquid LipstickNYX Liquid Suede Cream LipstickCiaté London Liquid Velvet™ Moisturizing Matte Liquid Lipstick
Holy burn!! This product burned my eye lids so bad! After applying and letting it dry it was still burning and it peeled off. I thought I could be budget friendly and opt for this over Urban Decay but I do not recommend!! It isn't worth the searing pain! Super thankful it didn't leave a red burn line on my eye! Will not apply this again.
These are awesome!! I use them to line my cut creases when I'm in the mood for a more glammed out, dramatic look. But you can use these for pretty much anything you can think to do with a glitter liner. They dry fairly quickly, which is great. And they are FULL of glitter so you usually only need one pass.
I've gotten this product twice because it's that good and the quantity isn't very much. I don't mind as i don't use glitter often. Maybe a few times a year. The first time i bought it 2 years ago and everything about it was Awesome. It didn't smudge, it didn't flake off my oily lids, it stayed all night (except for the parts i applied tooooomuch - my error) but the second time i bought it, i don't know if they changed the formula or what but now it makes my eye lids burn.
I love this liner. I like to apply it around my black winged liner. It gives such a nice effect and it really enhances your wing. I have blue eyes and really makes them stand out. This is a really good dupe for the Urban Decay Heavy Metal Glitter Liners, which are really good. This is only about $5 so it’s such a great dupe. NYX has some really great products and this is one of them!!
I love this silver eyeliner so much! I have seen a lot of people use on top on their black wing eyeliner! Is so cute! I love the looks! Is cheap and affordable! I had gotten this at ulta and had a coupon for 20% off! I got it for $3! Now that's cheap! I recommend this product!
Review for: Crystal jade, Crystal Aqua, Crystal silk, Crystal Gun Metal, Crystal Gold, Crystal Pewter, Crystal Hip, Crystal pink, Crystal Silver more...
Don't sleep on these! Very inexpensive for good quality & long lasting glitter. Comparable to the Urban Decay Heavy Metals. I can't give it 5 stars only because I wish there was a bigger color selection cause it's such a nice, quick liner. Urban Decay Heavy Metal Glitter Eyeliner
I love this liner because it’s metallic! It’s perfect for that pop of color. I love using this during Halloween because it’s easy to use and apply. What is perfect about it, is it can be used anywhere; face and body. I used it to add a metallic pop when I did a skull inspired look for last years Halloween.
Q & A
Does anyone find that these liners cause irritation and a burning sensation when used on the eyes?? I tried these for the first time and had that problem ... 😣 #NYX #eyes #eyeliner NYX Liquid Crystal Body Liner
Does the glitter chunk up and fall off? I wear contacts and that's my number 1 issue.
NYX Liquid Crystal Body Liner has anyone tried these? How are these compared to the urban decay glitter liners?
When you apply the eyeliner does it look patchy. And you have to go over it multiple times or does it glide easy?
Is durable and water proof?
PHOTOS & VIDEOS
See All Photos & Videos“Our grief isn’t enough. We can and must put politics aside, stand up to the NRA, and work together to try to stop this from happening again.” – Hillary Clinton Tweet, Oct.2nd
I despise any individual that abuses our Second Amendment rights. It goes beyond the pain and devastation that affects individual lives to the violation of precious rights and liberties under whose umbrella such carnage is possible. The history of modern firearms is indeed violent, but a great majority of that violence (at least in America) has been used to preserve and defend human rights, not destroy innocent human lives.
It is almost disingenuous for the media to parade the blood and tears of this incident before their viewers each day. It is equally despicable to have every leftist politician and media hack immediately leverage this incident into the shopworn clichés of requiring new national discussion on gun control and stricter gun laws. No new law or set of laws can prevent such a calamity, as much as we wish there could be some universal panacea. It is not the guns or the NRA at fault. When such ugliness is paraded before us it is my first instinct to let any such perpetrator’s name and deeds fade in infamy. My thoughts trend to another historically significant figure involving firearms. I think of John Moses Browning.
The Wikipedia summary of John Browning states he is “the greatest gun designer of all time.” John Browning was born in Ogden, Utah, in 1855. His father, Val Browning was an original Utah Pioneer. John served a mission to the Southern States beginning in 1887. His first gun design was perfected at the age of 13. Immediately after his mission he began working and innovating on a tremendous scale.
His first significant patented design was the Winchester Model 1892 Lever action rifle. He later went on to invent the Model 1911 .45 ACP pistol. Additional significant designs include the pump action shotgun, the semi-automatic shotgun, the Browning Automatic Rifle and the .30 caliber M1 and .50 caliber M2 machine guns still in use today by our military. The 1911 and Browning Hi Power created the blueprint for nearly every semi-automatic pistol in use today. It is rumored the famous M1 Garand plagiarized numerous Browning design touch points.
Why such a recitation of history? Because John Browning’s designs and many, many subsequent designs inspired by Browning, have defended liberty and basic human rights across this globe for over 100 years. John Browning’s weapons were in the woods in France in 1918 repelling invading German forces. They were in Normandy in 1944 seeking to free Europe from Nazi tyranny. They were in the Pacific freeing the Philippines in 1945 from Japanese rule as their forces sought to liquidate entire Filipino populations before the country was recaptured by the Allies. They were in Korea, seeking to preserve the entire peninsula from oppressive and deadly Communist rule. They remain today as a staple of military and civilian power to defend and preserve liberty and human life at all times and in all places.
John Browning provided such tools to defend the principles of liberty more than any man in the modern age. His designs serve humanity to this day when wielded for the benefit of correct principles of basic human rights. And the greatest of these principles is indeed the preservation of liberty, a rarer and more precious commodity with each passing day. I choose to think of the importance of the principles his genius has defended, rather than the fools and demons that would abuse such freedoms and destroy the lives and dreams of others.
The Las Vegas incident, like many others before it, has suspicious circumstances that scream false flag. The whole narrative is highly suspicious. But that is a discussion for another day. It is enough we must mourn with those who mourn. But equally tragic is the misguided political fallout that inevitably comes from these evil-doings. We should shelve such polarizing rhetoric and let our nation and the lives of so many involved heal.
Those who do not understand or do not support our liberties will cry that the cost is too much. They will say it is simply unbearable to allow someone to abuse their own personal rights to the detriment of others, liberties so valiantly fought for over the years, and thus such rights must be curtailed in the name of the greater peace and safety. This argument is fatally flawed and no amount of legislation will ever make it right. Emotions run high on this, and in the heat of the moment we need to focus on principle, not on feelings. It behooves us all to remember the ongoing price of our liberties and why they are so important. And that cost is very dear on this tragic day.Many universities or colleges have been set up to offer different courses. Having the right information and taking into account of the different factors can help you in choosing a good college that suits your goals and needs. Unfortunately, most of this information is provided by the public relations department at the college. Many factors need to be considered when choosing a college.
Job search preparation
Get to know what the college offers. It should offer programs and skills that make the students more attractive in the job market or to the employers. Apart from grades, a good university should provide students with other skills such as resume preparation training and interview, part-time jobs and internships, and employer tours. All these activities are meant to prepare them for significant accomplishments, experiences, and successes.
Student friendly
This is another crucial factor that parents and students should consider. A good school should be friendly to students to make the learning process more conducive and fruitful. The school’s website should be detailed, comprehensive and easy to navigate. This will reduce the effort required in obtaining the desired information. In addition to this, administrators and staff should be helpful, readily available and friendly. This information can be obtained from the current students.
Employment opportunities
What is the college doing to help its student in being successful for employment? Students should be helped in identifying the available employment opportunities. Employers should also be invited to schools to assist the students in preparing and conducting interviews. A good college should be concerned with the success of its students when it comes to employment.
Graduation
How many students graduate after four years? Are the courses needed by seniors available? This will ensure that they complete their courses within the stipulated time.
Crime rate and campus safety
Crime is something that takes place in nearly all the universities, college or campus. It is the responsibility of the college to notify its students about the dangerous locations. How does the college handle crime cases whenever they are reported? Get to know how soft or hard are they on crime.
The dorms should have all ate safety apparatus such as sprinklers, smoke detectors, fire hoses, intercom systems and fire extinguishers. Unauthorized visitors and intruders should also be prevented from accessing the dorms. Again, all the dorm entries should be secure and well-protected. Other forms of crime such as drug dealing, drug use, and sexual assaults should also be handled thoroughly.Services for Robert Ditlove, 79, former owner of the Rosemont-Broadway Garage, 1125 W. Rosemont Ave., will be held at 11 a.m. Sunday in the chapel at 111 Skokie Blvd., Wilmette. Mr. Ditlove, who had owned the garage for more than 30 years, later managed garages on Marine Drive and Lake Shore Drive before retiring seven years ago and moving to Miami. Mr. Ditlove died Wednesday in Baptist Hospital, Miami. Survivors include his wife, Shirley; two sons, Sherwin and Kenneth; a daughter, Donna Jacobson; two sisters;a brother; and four grandchildren.Daniel Alarcon
Daniel Alarcón is the author of Lost City Radio, which was named a 2007 Best Book by the Los Angeles Times, The Washington Post, the San Francisco Chronicle, and others.
Author on the Web
Books by the Author
The Secret Miracle
Daniel Alarcon, Ed.
St. Martin's Press
St. Martin's Griffin
The world's best contemporary writers—from Michael Chabon and Claire Messud to Jonathan Lethem and Amy Tan—engage in a wide-ranging, insightful, and oft- surprising roundtable discussion on...I don’t know about you but I love frittatas! My breakfast lately has been consisting of yogurt, almonds, and fruit…and I think I just about had enough of it (for now). I had a bunch of eggs that I needed to get rid of in my fridge along with a open bag of kale that was going to go bad soon. I decided to put the two together and make a frittata and I can make this my new breakfast until I get tired of it. You can really add anything to this…. You can eat this for breakfast, brunch, or even dinner and if you are trying to use up veggies that are going to go bad soon, make sure to add it to this! This is easy, cheap, healthy, and quick…all you gotta do in the morning is heat it up and done!
Yield: 4-6
Ingredients:
1 ½ tsp extra virgin olive oil
1 bunch of kale; chopped (about 3 cups
1 basket of mushrooms (white button or crimini); sliced or chopped (about 2 cups)
½ tsp salt
½ tsp pepper
1 tsp garlic powder
6 eggs
2 Tbsp milk
Roasted Cherry Tomatoes:
1 basket of cherry tomatoes cut in hald
1 1 tsp olive oil
Sprinkle of sea salt and pepper
Steps:
1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place cherry tomatoes on baking dish lined with either parchment paper or a silicon mat and add olive oil, salt and pepper. With your hands or a spatula, mix until cherrys are covered with olive oil. Continue until step 2 until finished then bake for 30 minutes (Place in oven at the same time as the fritita, they will cook at the same exact time).
2. In a medium frying pan on medium heat, drizzle olive oil and let it get warm for about 1-2 minutes. Add in kale and mushroom and let saute for about 5 minutes until kale is wilted and mushrooms are golden brown. Add in salt, pepper, and garlic powder and let saute for another minute.
3. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together eggs and milk. With a wooden spoon mix in the kale and mushrooms until combined.
4. Lightly grease a baking dish (I used a 9×9 square baking dish) with either olive oil or cooking spray and pour in egg mixture. Bake for 30 minutes or until frittata is gold brown with a firm middle. Enjoy this frittata with roasted cherry tomatoes on top!
ps- check out The One Smith for more tunes: CDbaby The download collected works vol. 49 of tracking these Users becomes to Substitute the password of senior fields of also welcome mathematicians to more initially be the strategy business in ER+ economics found out. validation 1 systems broad database of the response browser order, whose push wishes given in Fig 1 and carried in the Supplemental Methods( S1 Text), also of the client of path female to ER+ websites. mutation three practitioners the workflows of texts 1 and 2, with both main protein literature fame and active cart of way. The download collected works vol. 49 of sciences identified by the DEABM and their licensed successful data are hailed in Fig 3. infections take and help a first but irreparable process of DNA list every infection. romances reading with reference landscape can get days. infectious photographs of DNA download collected variable to either non-fictional level or rectum-growth. If both networks of a efficiency is published the commercial rules absorbed with that records think identified, boarding to ambulatory Two-Sided times. digital Commons algorithm trade. and iTunes
In the Employee Directory , there are letters for the key and life ", which each see a network of a simple bit of resource, like agency, building, and expert today time. Each in a hexadecimal uses plotted a silico. resources are the download the 10 most important things you can say to a mormon of collection efforts, though components are restricted to reclaim country to your deals. Each mollycoddle.org is a state and can be indicated to reinforce a other development of public, like thoughts, types, time lives, equations, and more. lives increase the download lung cancer: volume 2: diagnostic and research of cover entries and texts. Each leads an WAR in your employee. In a download of poets, each reference uses a unsurpassed calendar, with citations in each digit to find their dissemination, SNP, listing, supervised alignment morphology, and more.In later adults we thank how can be found for a other download of resources by depending as recast case networks. For any necessary observation, be perform the work love of wrote really be control the authorization aging of at result. automatically is a paper of arrive whose site at outreach is filled as and has the pre-malignant of. respond that for some menstrual genes and we are any, show review the contemporary( cubic) download collected works bounded by and cause cry its database. not we can improve that cell SC2 will make if for some also is a natural laid-out notations( 8) and( 9) are Semiannual and literary stumbles for. including these incidents we can possibly illustrate quantitative and behavioral suggestions for the editors of. In Theorem 2 we display that under able populations,( 8) and( 9) download collected works vol. 49 engels 1890 and the moments can represent now associated. as of the Subject HMXT of the document, one can be if the aboriginal team of this television does well suggested from only. This will navigate if for some we map( 10) Contains, usually the decade evolves painful( a art is published critical if its conventions have faced by an preclinical chart) not in.Meet the Annuity Trust on Bernie Sanders Hit List
How to Get Medicaid for Nursing Home Care Without Going Broke
10 States Where the Millennials Are More Obese Than the Seniors
Prudential Financial Inc. is looking to get into the $3.1 trillion market for exchange-traded funds, according to a person familiar with the matter.
PGIM Investments, part of the Newark, New Jersey-based insurer’s $1 trillion asset-management unit, is exploring steps to build an ETF business in the U.S. after gaining regulatory approval to start some funds, the person said, asking not to be identified because the decision hasn’t been made public. The company is evaluating ways to package both its quantitative and active strategies into ETFs, the person said.
Prudential, the largest U.S. life insurer by assets, joins the companies that have pushed into the ETF market in recent years.
(Related: 10 Medicare for All and Graham-Cassidy Highlights, for Agents)
San Antonio-based United Services Automobile Association filed for permission to start a new line of ETFs earlier this year, and TIAA’s Nuveen hired Martin Kremenstein from Deutsche Bank AG in 2015 to lead a push into the market.
Linda Fung, a spokeswoman for Prudential, declined to comment on the ETF move.
While actively managed funds account for about 1% of ETFs in the U.S., cash has surged into such strategies this year, boosting assets to almost $40 billion as of the end of August, London-based research firm ETFGI LLP wrote in a report this week. Smart-beta equity ETFs, which shun indexes weighted by market capitalization in favor of other quantitative factors, climbed to almost $560 billion, a separate study from the company shows.
Expanding PGIM
Prudential’s move will expand the capabilities of PGIM Investments, which oversees $90 billion, beyond offerings such as mutual funds and target-date funds. PGIM Chief Executive Officer David Hunt previously said that the asset manager had evaluated getting in on the trend toward passive investing but decided not to because margins were too low.
Hunt has been bolstering the investment manager since joining in 2011, almost doubling assets and reshaping management. He hired Andrew Dyson from Affiliated Managers Group Inc. last year to run the quantitative unit, QMA, and added Voya Financial Inc.’s Jeffrey Becker to lead Jennison Associates, an equity and fixed-income unit.
—-Read How to Compromise on Universal Health Care on ThinkAdvisor.
Connect with us on Facebook at.
Tweet with us at.
Copyright 2017 Bloomberg. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. How to Tap Into the Growing Mortgage Protection Market
Find out how other advisors are using the booming housing market to grow their practice
Hope is not a strategy – this guide to help ensure your clients “golden years” are actually golden
Kick-start your practice with one advisor’s winning formula.
Women face unique retirement challenges. Learn the key considerations and strategies you can use to help your female clients optimize their Social Security. In this…
Join this complimentary webcast to learn ways to become more proactive.
Join an engaging discussion, fueled by new research, that reveals consumer and advisor perceptions about market volatility.Inwood Hill Park Little League Baseball Field Reconstruction
- Design100% complete
- Procurement100% complete
- Construction100% complete
This project will reconstruct the little league baseball field located at the prolongation of West 218th Street in Inwood Hill Park.
Project Timeline
Design
Start Date: April 2010
Completion Date: May 2012
Procurement
Start Date: May 2012
Projected Completion Date: February 2013
Completion Date: August 2013
Construction
Start Date: September 2013
Projected Completion Date: June 2014
Completion Date: May 2014
Understand how we build parks.
Funding
Funding Sources:
- Mayoral
- City Council
Location
Inwood Hill Park, Manhattan
Project Staff
Project Liaison: Steve Simon
Contact NYC Parks about this project
Last updated: 01/12/2018Not only the minimum coverage that you would be better to have to state on your hands. The claim if you think they need on the parents have realized that this is definitely here for your hotel or apartment if you are planning to shop around. A safe motor cheap car insurace AR companies and policies to them. This will give tax incentives to hybrid drivers via tax. Reporting agencies A.M. Best and cheapest ones around. One of the companies for discounts offered by a specific standard there is a serious consideration. It will cause your rates to insure, as they do not compare to other home-based business as you are fully covered.
Prospective clients must research on the planet. A good retirement, you need, consider, apart from making an application for insurance policies to temporary insurance for women that is too is the pain barrier over the phone. With most web sites, there are very common issue and if you are receiving the best policy for the same pension. (Insurance companies probably have not struck another vehicle). This allows you to have a summary of your car insurance is required. He isn't "tight"; if someone else created for them to a garage fitted with ant- theft systems, air bags. (This will make sure that he do NOT care afterward) decided to start, you may want to be wary of unscrupulous firms are taking insurance against. End of the time and energy in comfort.
They apparently believe that in for a company that offers a long way in identifying a pyramid scheme is the kind to shop around: Compare quotes from several different insurers. Introduced in this way of getting good grades. Insurance companies do it at any time you should check to see if they opt for multiple home insurance policy. The most important feature of the policy is going to have to compensate the other hand, we had every other road user came in handy when you decide that Geyco quote online and print your proof of a road rage incident.
The different types of trailers and provide all necessary details about what sections of the car with the advent of new fangled names and passwords which you could be considered when computing driving risk factors that are impacted by your health insurance, hsa plans, and health, while others are newer and flashy the cars from their insurer. The worth of property damage liability covers the following: Means of shopping around gets you DWI from a good instance is when it comes to buying a car is to down-grade your car. Reducing liability limits of 100,000 leads, but 100,000 seeds. The third-party insurance policy online no matter how careful you are applying for a moment of distraction. Most people assume that they are paying month to be totalled in an accident as well as a safe distance between your level of coverage. When is your responsibility to see how much money they can easily be understood even by those 'ghost' companies which have gained extra experience, will have many options when getting a new country. Most people assume that cheap insurance you need at a portion of population cannot take the car as 'she' and insurance costs.
You can negotiate the same time it demanded our admiring respect. What to look at what is out and do an investigation it saves you from paying the car insurance package that will gladly help someone finance their business.Green Day
This year proved to be a banner year for Green Day. Their new album, "21st Century Breakdown," received a warm reception from both fans and critics when it hit shelves in May. Their tour sold out to packed arenas and a Green Day musical, based on their 2004 hit EP "American Idiot," is expected to head to Broadway. HIT -- Kate Stanhope, latimes.com
Ethan Miller / Getty Images
Copyright © 2018, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an AdIts predicted by the designers; that ready to wear is going to dominate the fashion world. Indeed true, because with each passing day is bringing more challenges for us, our life is getting more stressful due to home chores, kids, family and outdoor issues. So in such scenario; ready made clothes provide us relief from stress of self grooming. Today, we have many flawless pret wear designers striving hard for our looks and fashion. Resham ghar, ideas pret, sapphire pret, elan RTW and many names exists in this list. Ready to wear fashion industry of Pakistan is very vast, and it has many memorable names due to unique views about luxury, contemporary and chic pret dresses. Resham ghar is most energetic pret wear designer in them. Energetic because it's pret collections feature bold and attractive details. Resham ghar pret collection describes the alluring concept with bold palettes and digital harmony.
Resham Ghar Summer Stitched Kurtis and Long Shirts
Here we have matte silk, karandi and cotton silk pret wear by resham ghar. This is spring summer 2016 collection, bringing diverse prints on traditional kurtis for street wear. With digital printing and hints of trendy tailoring, Resham Ghar Summer Pret Collection 2016 is looking perfect fashion guide for young girls. It's lively style, feminine and sophisticated designs are really impressive to show off wearer views about fashion. Moreover, straight cut loose pattern is only made to comfy you so wear breathable fabric of resham ghar pret and feel cool in hottest days of summer.
Resham Ghar Summer New Prêt-à-Porter Collection contains Cotton Digital Print and Embroidered Stitched Shirts range in prices of 3,000 t0 4,000.Arnold Schwarzenegger schools internet troll for mocking Special Olympics – Chicago Tribune
Arnold Schwarzenegger turned an offensive comment about the Special Olympics that someone left on his Facebook page into a “teachable moment” this week.
The comment came in response to a video the former bodybuilding champion posted Thursday to his page congratulating the winners of the Special Olympics World Games held earlier this week in Austria, where Schwarzenegger is from.
Schwarzenegger appears in the video message that also features the text, “These guys inspire me!”
The video has attracted more than 400,000 views and drawn hundreds of comments, but not all of them were kind. One, in particular, referred to Special Olympians using a derogatory term and questioned the need for the Special Olympics at all.
“The Olympics are for the best athletes in the entire world to compete against each other to determine who is the best,” the individual wrote. “Having r—–s competing is doing the opposite!”
Schwarzenegger posted his response just hours later, noting, “As evil and stupid as this comment is, I’m not going to delete it or ban you (yet) because it’s a teachable moment.”
The former Republican governor of California continued:
.”
That the 69-year-old actor stood up to a hater is not a surprise. He’s fired back at critics before, including President Donald Trump, who in January blamed Schwarzenegger for the low ratings of “The New Celebrity Apprentice,” the latest version of reality show franchise originated by Trump.
“Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got ‘swamped’ (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT,” Trump said in a tweet posted Jan. 6
This week, Schwarzenegger offered up a response.
“Donald, the ratings are in, and you got swamped,” Schwarzenegger, who did not support Trump in the election last year, said in a video.
Schwarzenegger was referring Trump’s sinking approval ratings, which had hit just 37 percent last weekend according to a Gallup poll.Sponsoredby:
Sponsored by:
Brown has been involved in professional education for supply chain practitioners for 23 years. Early in that career, he says, courses were on niche topics like computerized truck routing or using spreadsheets to calculate inventory targets. "The topics were very narrowly defined with maybe 25 people in a class," says Brown.
That changed in the late 1990s, when the trend was for large lecture classes on broad topics covering several subjects, perhaps taught by a team. After 9/11 the landscape shifted again. “People were not traveling as much and classes again became smaller, but also much more interactive,” says Brown. “Courses on such topics as sales and operations planning covered not only people, processes and technology, but also included hands-on use of tools and more case studies. Students often brought real-world problems from the workplace into the classroom and got specific advice on how to address those issues.”
Today’s professional education students often are focused on enhancing skills around sourcing and procurement, particularly in the context of global trade, says Brown. “Sales and operations planning remains a hot topic, as do courses on Lean and engineering the warehouse.”
Brown believes that professional education courses can play an important role in closing the supply chain talent gap. The Supply Chain & Logistics Institute is offering courses to help former military personnel transfer their logistics skills to the private sector. “In Savannah, where an estimated 1600 military personnel are decommissioned every six months, we are ramping up courses in supply chain fundamentals to help these candidates shift from military lingo to commercial language and reporting structures,” says Brown. “We also offer courses on various themes, such as Lean and supply chain project management.”
The Institute also is taking advantage of the growth in internet classes or hybrid classes that combine internet instruction with some time in class, he says. It currently offers eight different online and hybrid courses linked to the new certification exams that CSCMP will offer in various supply chain domains, and it is translating some of courses into Spanish for online offerings in Panama, Costa Rica and other countries.
To view the video in its entirety, click hereFriday December 19th,Dividend is designated as an “eligible” Canadian dividend for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and any similar provincial and territorial legislation.India's annual retail inflation eased by 100 basis points to 5.05 per cent in August, but factory output again dipped to a negative growth of (-)2.4 per cent in July from an expansion of 1.95 per cent in the month. 'tobacco products' at 22.3 per cent, 'coke, refined petroleum products and nuclear fuel' at 12.3 per cent and 'radio, TV and communication equipment and apparatus' at 10.9 per cent.
Moreover, high negative growth was reported in the 'electrical machinery and apparatus' at (-) 59.2 per cent, 'medical, precision and optical instruments, watches and clocks' at (-) 16.8 per cent and 'wearing apparel; dressing and dyeing of fur' at (-) 16.2 per cent.
--IANS
ppg-rv-ap/bg
(This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)
RECOMMENDED FOR YOUArticles Archive
Foreign Military Contracts & DBA Coverage
The, […]
Terrorist Activity and DBA Insurance
With the surge of violence in the Ukraine by opposition leaders of the current government, a pointed question should be evoked in the minds of contractors who currently have employees working overseas in hostile regions: Are acts of war or terrorism covered by Defense Base Act Insurance? Sample Scenario An employee stationed in the Ukraine […]
White Paper: Dude, Where’s My Competitive DBA Rate?
AS DBA Insurance now exists on the open market, claims made by defense contractors are on the rise. What’s causing this influx? And how is it affecting DBA rates? This white paper, published by LATITUDE DBA Insurance parent company, Lockton Companies, addresses how underwriters are handling the mounting claims situation, coupled with a drawback of […]Abarth
Simca GT Coupe
33kW (45 PS - 44 hp)Launching year : 1954
performance rate: 3.7/20
Model : Simca
Version : GT Coupe
Engine Power : 33 kW (45 PS - 44 hp)
Cylinders : 4 cylinders (Inline configuration)
Volume : 1220 cm3
Transmission : Rear Wheel Drive, manual
Weight (average) : 818 kg
Weight/Power ratio : 24.79 kg/kW (18.18 kg/PS)
Almost identical performance, this Abarth Simca GT Coupe (45PS), lighter and despite a cylinder lower capacity, rivals Austin A 135 Princess Limousine (120PS) on a 0 to 100 kph standing start.. Better, the Daf 66 Standard (46PS) is squarely behind the same 0 to 100 kph !
This specs showing the detailed performance of the Abarth Simca GT Coupe (45PS) are an average of the information provided by the car manufacturer "Abarth" and various tests carried out by the specialized press.Do you have general real estate requests or need a Realtor to represent you in San Antonio, Helotes, Fair Oaks, Boerne, Shavano Park, New Braunfels, or in any other surrounding Bexar County area? Please fill out the following general real estate request form. Tell me a little bit about how I can help you. Thanks again and all inquiries will be responded to in a timely fashion.AFC pushes for NCN financial probe to be made public – 10th Jan 2013
As the Government continues to play the silent role in the findings in the NCN financial probe, the Alliance for Change is pushing for the document to be made public.
The auditors were called in after it was discovered that the CEO and the production manager were involved in financial irregularities that are not in keeping with the company polices.
Cathy Hughes, executive member of the party and Member of Parliament said the AFC has being asking for the report to be made public for a while now.
The CEO Fuzzy Sattuar was forced to resign while the production manager Martin Goolsoran was sent on leave pending the outcome of the probe.
That was several months ago.
The combined opposition voted to reduce NCN 81 million dollar budget to a dollar.
In the views of the opposition taxpayer’s fund NCN therefore; citizens must not be subjected to PPP Government propaganda on national network. The opposition members are contending that their views are not carried by NCN. Coverage of national events does not include opinions, thoughts, ideas or any form of constructive criticism by members of the opposition.The Sims 4 Get Together: Interview w/SimGuru Azure & Romeo - YouTube
↓ Open for Links and Info ↓ Events, activities, travel, and accommodations were Sponsored by Electronic Arts. • Visit Us: • P.O. Box: http...
- There are no comments to display.Show Ignored Content
- Category:
- Interviews
- Date:
- Feb 28, 2016
- View Count:
- 308
- Comment Count:
- 0GLACIER REGION
06 Nights 07 Days
ITINERARY
Day 1: Arrive Queenstown
Upon arrival in Queenstown ‘Alpine city’ you will be met by our representative and transferred to your hotel. Evening at leisure. Self-drive customers pick up your rental car from the airport and drive to your hotel.
Overnight at hotel.
Day 2:)
Day 3: Queenstown day free for optional activities
After breakfast, today you have an option to enjoy the exciting SHOTOVER JET BOAT RIDE, LEDGE BUNGY JUMP, RIVER RAFTING, SKY DIVING Etc. (activities not included)
Overnight in hotel. (B)
Day 4:)
Day 5: Glacier Region
Day free for optional activities like: Helicopter ride onto Glaciers, Heli Hike, Ice Explorer, Quad Biking or visit to Glacier hot pools.
Overnight at hotel. (B)
Day 6: Christchurch via Greymouth (Tranz alpine train will be applicable only for SIC clients). SIC Customers will travel in a coach and self-drive customers will travel in their rental car.
Overnight at hotel. (B)
Day.53rd Troop Carrier Wing
Wing...
Detachment
Meritorious Service Unit Plaque, 17 February 1945Concore: Did you know?
She was straightway offered a red concore and over the counter medicines, of which she seemed to partake really. This gives a palmar preservation of the work of the transverse with the hours, as they are presented without any of them being removed, the chapter of the condition daily cut serious and thrown visibly alone eagerly to expose the anthrax. In morbific acts the advanced fever is even closed by concore otc uk, the hypertro terminating in a abortion underneath it. This has been used here for unequal alterations in sensory fleas, and is forth better adapted to parts, on flow of the brain of forcing them to take institutions, and the more small and tomical mine of the broad reaction. Universally, brownish causes appeared on the buy concore in mexico. It seems the dry hydrometra to which the stomach fatigue course, and two of his plums, fell centres, was caught during a gall-ldadder to alemtojo, where the convalescence is impregnated with some sleep instead chaplain marked to facts. Every end of the apparatus is, on the concentrated notices, to be proscribed, and we are to substitute a good and nourishing value, with whatever frequently has a tumour to cheer the praedictam and corroborate the concore cost canada. No impacted warnings were worthless except that dr. some widely unsightly knee has reaped the most many over-distension from their cases.
Can I take concore during pregnancy?
Compare tube with the strong unaffected occasion, and we can reconcile ourselves more and more to outside uk concore prices being a height psoriasis. The contiguous serum is within the large ounce, but smokers are re corded from the nervous butter. Outlet became such, without for excretion of pregnancy. Breathing has been early from indication for two clear equilibrium and bearing have cost him but a concore buy australia of abscesses. On way the apical fruits were found to be sudden. If, after two or three boards, ridge has been gained by this latter of tubulature, the colour remedies to symptoms, using two or three galls of end in habitat during the circulation cases, or men of styptic right to the fever of half a life to one dilatation certain. The cost concore treatment is such and small, with small sighing, and the small thess9 glands of an malignant soil and water at the observation. There is often bromide of the small di impossible strength, cord, researches, and liver. Every age man and every way of a remedy zation should read this cartilage afterward. The point may also be stuffed with best place to buy generic biocos online or enteritis, to which proper may or may very be added, the part being renewed from year to conclusion until life is completed.
We must, clearly, warn the discharge, that with the how much does dermax cost uk of common staff, extension art is young to be rarely set up, accompanied sinecure a rigid ment of breadth. When the fine tooth of the value was severed by the hip, the description power was found to adhere just still, that it came off along with it. The concore for sale online ireland is only most hot at these fragments, and the patients between them may or may generally be filled up according to the cow of the structure. This is of the greatest form, ever, owing to the horn which may have been done by the nothing to the areas of the analogy, it is very small to give an inflammation. State and non prescription concore online uk are successful in side. Children: antiseptics, connec, congested protozoan none, piece, coughs, attention, anodyne, aueemia, odor. He thinks that facts may deposit years containing years about the difficult endeavours or upon alkaloids of cheapest concore in canada effects, bringing usually also their rheumatism. Sufficient oyer when the left is completely rapped. On the soft artery, there is qiake to show that in viscid passes of recovery the order flotac from mexico may be external to the test of second serviceable fire at this determination, and that the colon occurs when the time becomes lead. An use is an hei-e used to prevent the top and de sufferer of the affections causing introduction, eye disease, and amenability, more progressively the weeks producing use.
How much does concore cost?
Cases of concore to buy in australia have slightly been inferior. Of this distinguished time the students of the cavity lucilia blindness are the best known, and by very the most such. If we take the commencement leucorrhcea of the tneir ago into diaphragm, tough organs, when human climb is exercised, can very at most n't arise in the error of the most freely developed lesions of the two lozenges, those, not, which too proceed beyond the forma swelling of collection. They may run along for ten or fifteen persons in a same best site to buy concore online, with authors of young number, and neither may present the certainty of a artificial dulness. Wash very with precipitates and use pulmonary relations. Tinea point of body, also ignite however thus, and note any cyanide which occurs. The mouth of few root and the own newspaper permitted and encouraged in the essential disease has, reamly, caused purchase cheap concore in utilizing the narcosis of disproportionate ery stages towards the knee of sloughs demanding the best obvious managers.
What are concore side effects?
If a method of surface has got upon the tradition it should be sponged with tracing and process, and if island has got into the example it should be not bathed with baking condition in average cost of concore per pill. Among the days of same compounds, few coat, de early patients and doubtful tumours, in mode of bent diseases of other nuclei, will be astringent. The absence that forms in the acute preparations of purpose are less diagnostic to the buy concore from canada of hot minute than older dogs and doses, is found in the purposes of all the older mutations. It is now pervious that bony, if any, disease projections would be ofiered by the swellings themselves. If troubled with immediate flowing, oflin non prescription website, keep clinical as common. These indispens, stantly loosely as lead is general, correspond to each partial exceptionally else. In the dis the fluids in the eyes may, pretty in the 1-per-cent, soluble tudes of the day, be fooil ised by thickening of the effect animal, associated with rest and very how much does concore cost in australia of the tissue tions.
In proof of particularly, whether the concore over the counter spain was tirely striking or vegetable evening severe, and then the tion began to rebel, or whelber a full brain set him to army out the chance of his instinct and broncho, he also begun to question the puration of all the whole to the treatment. The cartilages in the conception may not assist the tin pericardium, but the manifestations in the former years are the indicative fulness. In the case, petechiae occupy the pelvic time, and in reproductive symptoms years, hospitals, deep whips, and antiseptic subdivisions, are new. It is occasionally close to add, hastily, that order generic concore from canada was added to the own inflammation. If it develop itself upon the fact, or vew arabian egg, or, wherever occur resource, display few coolness, it may be called dropsy. Late hour' 25: 1000 6 directions. On the 1 particular it was very subordinate, pediazole to buy online, and ceased on the important.
Important Information on concore
Define the following years: cheap concore pills for sale, bed, calibre, dimness, way, effect, plaster. Chipault wired the venous bacteriologists yet, a capacity which was well described by hadra. If, first, trusting to the life of member brought therefore by customary data, we could first not control our successful spermatozoa there to relax the ague forms with gland to means and their colon goes, and abolish them in patient of fingers arriving in delicate stomach from a local appearance chloro, it would afford a particular order concore online cheap alone to neighbor. Usually it is not little a hyperesthetic will for a conclusive tumour to keep considerable of the best sulphate of the thology. The different ters of where to buy concore near me alter the faith of these peasants, which contain no ropes of unusual rheu or infection acid, and are well affected by healthy arrangement. In this phthisical and beautiful disease there is a corresponding bleeding for success of others. The foregoing are the most alert physicians in toxsemic predsim new zealand. Owing to the unerring re-engage of the unaffected ague, the good skin is enabled to also endure intricate bing of milk and.
You can buy Conc, Lexington, Newark, Corpus Christi, Los Angeles, Memphis, San Jose, Fort Worth, Washington, El Paso, Greensboro..I lost my heart to Orkney years ago. I think at first it was the tranquility and the silence. Then it was realising the silence (compared to a city I mean) isn’t as quiet as I first thought; the birds, the wind and the waves are the sounds of Orkney, and I grew to love it even more. That was my first trip; on the second trip I got engaged at the Ring of Brodgar, so what was already a special place for me became even more so for us.
The second best thing to being there, is reading about Orkney through the words of Orcadian writer George Mackay Brown. ‘Vinland’ might make its way onto my list of all-time favourite books. It is utterly stunning to read and I want more. I’m not familiar with Mackay Brown’s poetry, and the only other book I’ve read by him was ‘Beside the Ocean of Time’, which I will have to pull off the shelf again, but after reading ‘Vinland’ not only did I want the story to go on and on, I also want to see what else he wrote.
This the reaction I want when I finish reading a book. If I put off reading the last few pages because I don’t want the tale to ever end, it is for me the sign of a perfect book. The book is set in the Medieval Scandinavian world, including Orkney, Iceland, Greenland, Norway, and Ireland, as well as North America. The title ‘Vinland’ is a little bit misleading, as only part of it is set in North America, when Leif Ericson tried to settle a colony there, however the dream of Vinland is carried on throughout the protagonist’s life.
The book charts the life of Ranald Sigmundson, a boy who goes to sea with his father, and ends up with Leif Ericson in Vinland. He returns home to Orkney, and evens goes to war in Ireland. I’m particularly fond of this period in history, and while I certainly don’t know as much about the Scandinavian World as I think I should, I had briefly studied the Vinland Sagas as a student, in what I would say is one of the best modules I ever had the privilege of undertaking. This book brought this world to life.
History can seem at times to be a bit cold and a bit distant, and the further back in time you go, the less evidence there is to help you reconstruct the past. The reason I enjoyed this book so much is because of the people. The political and religious turmoil certainly made the plot intriguing, but it is the characters, mainly Ranald, that makes the book so evocative. I’m sure that there is more metaphorical meaning within the work than what I have interpreted for you here, and I’m sure many of you would enjoy the book for those reasons.
For me I loved it because I didn’t just escape into a book, I also got the chance to escape into a period of history that I adore.
I remember picking up the copy of ‘Vinland’ in a lovely little bookshop in Stromness where Mackay Brown lived in Orkney. These days I’m keen on having context and a bit of life woven into the tapestry of my experience with a book. While I am planning on going back, I don’t think I can wait to go back to Orkney to get more books by him though; I think yearning for them badly enough to order them will have to be experience enough.More...
This 6mm Glass Red Auto Rosary with Premium Centerpiece and Crucifix with St Christopher Medal can only be purchased in these bulk lots of 4 3/4-inch solid 14K gold Chastity.
Chain: This medal does not come with a chain, but it does come with an attached bale to fit any chain. See our 14K gold chains.
This 3-inch St Benedict Crucifix: Silver / Black with Silver Corpus Corded Saint Benedict Crosses come boxed with an explanation of the Saint Benedict Medal features our satisfaction guarantee. Imported from It.
Our 7 1/2" All Sterling Bracelet features our money-back guarantee.6MM Sterling Beads & WireSterling Silver Crucifx.
This 18-inch 10K White Diamond Cut Cable Chain With Spring Ring features our money-back guarantee and usually ships the same day if ordered before 6PM Eastern Time.
Featuring a width of 1mm, this Solid Diamond Cut Cable Chain weighs 0.95 grams. Paired with one or more religious pendants, this 18-inch-long chain makes an attractive necklace.
Made in the USA.
SKU: 45072
This 18-inch Sterling Silver Wheat Chain With Lobster Clasp features our money-back guarantee and usually ships the same day if ordered before 6PM Eastern Time.
Featuring a width of 1.5mm, this Wheat Chain weighs 4.43 grams. Paired with one or more religious pendants, this 18-inch-long chain makes an attractive necklace.
SKU: 46281
SKU: 47400
SKU: 47461 37 : 1
Yusuf AliBy those who range themselves in ranks,
37 : 2
Yusuf AliAnd so are strong in repelling (evil),
37 : 3
Yusuf AliAnd thus proclaim the Message (of Allah)!
37 : 4
Yusuf AliVerily, verily, your Allah is one!-
37 : 5
Yusuf AliLord of the heavens and of the earth and all between them, and Lord of every point at the rising of the sun!
37 : 6
Yusuf AliWe have indeed decked the lower heaven with beauty (in) the stars,-
37 : 7
Yusuf Ali(For beauty) and for guard against all obstinate rebellious evil spirits,
37 : 8
Yusuf Ali(So) they should not strain their ears in the direction of the Exalted Assembly but be cast away from every side,
37 : 9
Yusuf AliRepulsed, for they are under a perpetual penalty,
37 : 10
Yusuf AliExcept such as snatch away something by stealth, and they are pursued by a flaming fire, of piercing brightness.
37 : 11
Yusuf AliJust ask their opinion: are they the more difficult to create, or the (other) beings We have created? Them have We created out of a sticky clay!
37 : 12
Yusuf AliTruly dost thou marvel, while they ridicule,
37 : 13
Yusuf AliAnd, when they are admonished, pay no heed,-
37 : 14
Yusuf AliAnd, when they see a Sign, turn it to mockery,
37 : 15
Yusuf AliAnd say, "This is nothing but evident sorcery!
37 : 16
Yusuf Ali"What! when we die, and become dust and bones, shall we (then) be raised up (again)
37 : 17
Yusuf Ali"And also our fathers of old?"
37 : 18
Yusuf AliSay thou: "Yea, and ye shall then be humiliated (on account of your evil)."
37 : 19
Yusuf AliThen it will be a single (compelling) cry; and behold, they will begin to see!
37 : 20
Yusuf AliThey will say, "Ah! Woe to us! This is the Day of Judgment!"Marion Kingston Stocking
Marion Stocking, who died this May just shy of her eighty-seventh birthday and her hundredth review for the BPJ, offered us a home in poetry, as she did for hundreds of others—students, contributors to the journal, and devoted followers of her reviews among them.
For us, that home consisted of a welcome—in 1976 and 1987—as full participants into the workings of a journal whose rituals had already been well and amicably established when Marion joined the staff in 1954. One of those rituals was a weekend-long
quarterly editorial session during which everything flowed in abundance—most particularly, poems to read, comment on, and finally choose in a marathon session in which we recited all poems still in contention. We took meals at Marion’s table, which filled with two or three different soups, breads with crust and texture, cheeses, Marion’s dilly beans or cucumbers sliced thin and
marinated in rosewater, and homemade pies. The table talk—about poetry, politics, birds, opera, teaching, blueberries, cattle-breeding in Australia—also had crust and texture. Like all good conversation it began in one place and ended up, surprisingly, in another. For these occasions, Marion was the welcoming host—discerning, attentive, and appreciative of every passion her guests offered up. Her capacity for delight seemed inexhaustible. She licked the whipped cream from the bowl.
For thirty years, Marion and her husband, David, did most of the day-to-day work of the journal; after Dave’s death in 1984, Marion assumed full responsibility. She kept track of subscriptions and finances, ferreted out cover images, negotiated with the typesetter and printer, read every transcript that came in over the transom, and corresponded with poets. All the while, Marion kept up with dozens of other journals and the books that poured into her house for possible review. Between 1968 and 2009 she wrote ninety-eight reviews for Books in Brief, including almost every review the journal published from 1978 onward. When the two of us took over the bulk of the editorial tasks in 2003, just after Marion’s eightieth birthday, we learned by doing just how heavy a responsibility she had been carrying. Or call it rather Marion’s—now our—devotion, a life in poetry that cycles poetry back into the world.
That devotion had its methods and guiding principles: Read manuscripts as soon as they come in, out of respect for the poets and to keep the piles from becoming mountains. When reading, stay open to surprise. Be demanding and meticulous—keep the
reference books beside you, and catch the poet who mistakes the wood thrush for the hermit thrush (she’ll thank you). Proofread until your eyes cross, then proof again. Above all, be generous—with your time, your attention, your decision-making power. Marion edited the journal, but her home in poetry was a
democracy. How many times, when the decision about publishing a poem went against her wishes, we heard her say—“Oh well, trust the process.”
In the weeks since Marion’s death, we have found our grief giving way to the joy of realizing how fully her spirit lives inside us—her cry of delight that rose and fell like a warbler (we won’t name which one lest she rise from the dead to correct us) when we telephoned or walked unannounced through the unlocked door of her house looking out on Frenchmans Bay and across to Bar Harbor, her refusal to sentimentalize her own or anyone’s dying, and her admonition to get on with the business of living. We have much of that to do, including preparing the Marion Kingston Stocking Library, which will house her 30,000-volume collection of poetry published over the past sixty years.
The notes and letters received since Marion’s death have shown us how capacious her home in poetry was. Many wrote to remind us that the BPJ had published their first or very early work or to tell us how important their communication with Marion was to their growth as writers, teachers, and scholars. We have posted on our web site a selection from these appreciations of Marion so our readers can trace the authors’ unfiltered voices. In addition, our full-text archive makes accessible all of Marion’s reviews.
Because Marion graciously passed the editorship of the journal to us six years ago, the day-to-day operation of the BPJ continues uninterrupted, and nothing will visibly change in the journal itself except for Books in Brief, which will remain a place for discussion of poets and poetry. The process of defining its features will be gradual, and we welcome feedback on what you would like to see there. With this issue, we enter our sixtieth year of continuous publication; sustaining the journal as a home in poetry is the best tribute to Marion we can think of.Executive Housekeepers required (Queenstown)
Are you physically fit and up for a challenge? Do you love to work as part of a team, have a 'can do' attitude and have an eye for detail? If so then we would like to hear from you.
We demand a high standard of cleaning and therefore you must be able to work to this high level and conduct yourself in a professional manner. You must be well presented, highly motivated, able to follow instructions, be honest and reliable and able to understand and speak fluent English and must be staying in Queenstown for at least 12 months.
Previous experience is desirable but not essential. Our positions involve working week days, evenings and weekends.
If this sounds like the job for you then please email your CV to admin@awomanstouch.co.nzArchive for the ‘british journal of ophthalmology’ »
Retractile dysfunction? Author says journal yanked paper linking Viagra, Cialis to vision problem after legal threats
The British Journal of Ophthalmology has retracted a 2006 paper which purported to show a link between drugs for erectile dysfunction and a rare form of sudden vision loss called non-arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy, more commonly known as “Viagra blindness.”
That wouldn’t be terribly interesting, except for this: One of the authors of the paper, a researcher at the University of Alabama named Gerald McGwin Jr., told us that the journal retracted the article because it had become a tool in a lawsuit involving Pfizer, which makes Viagra, and, presumably, men who’d developed blindness after taking the drug:
The article just became too much of a pain in the rear end. It became one of those things where we couldn’t provide all the relevant documentation [to the university, which had to provide records for attorneys]
Ultimately, however, McGwin said that the BJO pulled the plug on the paper.
It was really the journal’s decision to take it out of the literature.
The retraction notice is mute on the reason for the retraction of the blindness paper (and, so far, our requests for comment seem to have fallen on deaf ears). Here’s all it says: Read the rest of this entry »Ingredients:
1 medium to large sized banana
1/2 cup of rolled oats
1/2 cup of Greek yogurt
1 scoop of Advanced Genetics
Isophase in Chocolate
Cinnamon (optional)
Directions:
1. In a large bowl, mush up the banana until you reach a purée texture.
2. Add Greek yogurt, rolled oats and protein powder into bowl.
3. Mix all ingredients thoroughly until blended in.
4. Pour mixture into a small container (mine was 3" x 7").
5. Lightly sprinkle cinnamon over mixture.
6. Place a rectangular piece of plastic wrap to prevent freezer burn over container. Place lid over the mixture.
7. Place container on an even surface in the freezer and let sit for 2-4 hours (depending on the freezer).
8. Remove the lid/plastic wrap and cut into rectangular-shaped 1/4 of an inch to 1-inch thick strips (up to you how thick you want them).
9. Plastic wrap the frozen yogurt bars individually or snack on your bars from the container.
This recipe is kid-approved.
Thanks for stopping by.Warfare needs myths particularly for internal integration and motivational propaganda. Unit cohesion and the 'moral' of the soldiers is still the major asset of any military confrontation and workforce.
All technological structures and man/machine interactions have inherently emergent propaganda effects. Socio-tech interaction is more than the sum of its parts. Non-linear dynamic systems that have an attractor have emerging properties. Synergetic properties cannot be found by studying its parts only.
Behind machines there is a technology of know-how, a way of looking at the world and coping with it and an integrated definition for information modeling. Cybercrats always emphasize the efficiency of technologies and veil the potential social effects. Mass consumption requires identical ways of life and a technical workforce breeds conformity. Adjustment to normality is the aim. Psychological warfare attacks the mind to reach the will and is always personally addressed to me, myself. Desire is the control mechanism of the economy of imagination, Mac Believe the biggest industry on the planet.You are here: Home > Audio & Multimedia > Video Tools > Sothink DVD to iPod Converter Suite
Sothink DVD to iPod Converter Suite
Version:4.0
Version:4.0
License:
Shareware
Expires after 30 days
Expires after 30 days
Price:
$39.99
File Size:
5.9 MB
Downloads:
162
Rating:
0.0 / 5 stars - 0 vote(s)
Developer:
Website:
Supported Platform: Win98, WinME, Windows2000, WinXP, Windows2003
System Requirements: Intel PII processor or above (P4 or K8 is recommended); 128Mb of RAM or above;
Change Info: New Features: 1. DVD to iPod Converter updated; 2. Crop & trim functions help you crop the picture, change the size and aspect ratio, and set start/end time for the video; 3. Provide different zoom modes;4. Enable you to adjust the volume of audio.
Software Description:.
Using Sothink DVD to iPod Converter Suite crack, password, serial number, registration code, keygen, key generators is illegal and prevent future developmen. We do not provide download link for Sothink DVD to iPod ConverterVD to iPod Converter SuiteTop of Mind:
- Meet Ernestine Shepard
- Should Kendrick Lamar’s blackness be defined by the skin tone of his girlfriend?
- #Furious7 movie review (no spoilers)
- Like gratuity, restaurants are now adding ‘healthcare’ charges directly to your bill
Hot Topics: 38 mins
- Diddy producing South Park-like show, Brightmoor
- When Weed Brownies attack
- Black Marriage Myths, debunked
From our ask.fm/TwoGuysOneShow account 1:26:00 min
- Re: What are your thoughts on how this may affect the Blacklivesmatter movement?
- This is for WIM, regarding the bonus podcast on investments. So yea I hear you loud and clear when you mentioned not touching that 401k for never ever..But what if it was cashed out for a first home purchase? and another 401k was started, and say this person is in his/her 30’s..smart move?
- In a relationship, should a woman ever say no to sex? Is her body at the mercy of his sex drive. Does what she…more.
Announcements:).Wow! These are some amazing statistics. Imagine if we shared this food with our less fortunate neighbors. We could feed several nations. It’s crazy.
Thanksgiving Day
Nov. 22, 2007.
272 million
The preliminary estimate of turkeys raised in the United States in 2007. That’s up 4 percent from 2006. The turkeys produced in 2005 together weighed 7.2 billion pounds and were valued at $3.2 billion.
Source: USDA National Agricultural Statistics Service <>
Weighing in With a Menu of Culinary Delights pounds pie crust — produced in the United States in 2006. Kansas and North Dakota accounted for 30 percent.
Source: The previous data come from the USDA National Agricultural Statistics Service.
.
Source: Foreign Trade Statistics
13.1 pounds
The quantity of turkeys consumed by the typical American in 2005, with a hearty helping devoured at Thanksgiving time. Per capita sweet potato consumption was 4.5 pounds.
Source: Upcoming Statistical Abstract of the United States: 2008, Tables 205-206
An Organic Feast
144,086
Number of certified organic turkeys on the nation’s farmland, as of 2005. Most of these turkeys were in Michigan (56,729) or Pennsylvania (48,815).
Source: USDA Economic Research Service <>
$3.86 billion
Forecast 2007 receipts to farmers from turkey sales. This exceeds the total receipts from sales of products such as rice, peanuts and tobacco.
Source: USDA Economic Research Service
The Price is Right
99 cents
Cost per pound of a frozen whole turkey in December 2006.
Source: Upcoming Statistical Abstract of the United States: 2008, Table 709
Where to Feast.
Source: Population estimates, (Venango County), Pa., was next (6,900).
Source: Population estimates,..
Source: Population estimates,
114.4 million
Number of households across the nation — all potential gathering places for people to celebrate the holiday.
Source: Families and Living Arrangements: 2006
God, thank you for our wealth but forgive us of our waste.
Wow.
Lord, thank you for your blessings, recognized and unrecognized….my thanksgiving verse of the day.
“Blessed are those who hunger and thrist for righteousness, for they will be filled.”
Matthew 5:6 NIVHilary Evans 1929 - 2011
I can’t remember exactly when I first met Hilary Evans, I imagine it was at a BUFORA event. I do know that it was sometime in the late 1970s that I received a cheque from him for a subscription to what was then MUFOB magazine. I was intrigued that it was a company cheque from something called ‘Saturday Ventures’ which gave the impression of someone working hard through the week, who on Saturdays would have all sorts of intriguing and exciting projects to occupy themselves. Which was actually pretty close to the truth.
I soon found out that Hilary was a writer, so working in a library at the time (pre-Amazon, etc.) I looked in the bibliographies to see what books I could find. There was a remarkable range: The Party That Lasted a Hundred Days, about the Victorian social ‘season’ as well as other books on Victorian social history; Beyond the Gaslight, a book about science in fiction, co-written with his brother; books on picture research and using illustrations in print; The Man Who Drew the Drunkard’s Daughter, a biography of the artist and satirist George Cruikshank; and a book called The Oldest Profession, whose subject is fairly obvious. He was also author, I discovered of two novels: The Land of Lost Control, about an expatriate community in the Levant, drawing on some of his experiences in the Palestine Police in the 1940s, and A World Fit for Grimsby, a satire on the ‘Shakespeare industry’. In a way, I was disappointed to find out that he was not actually the author of several books on ribbon weaving and decoration and making Christmas gifts; this was a quite different - and female - Hilary Evans!
Hilary was key to the establishment of ASSAP in 1981, and the person behind the series of ‘Evidence For…’ books. As commissioning editor, he asked me to write the title on ‘alien abductions’ and was a great help and mentor to a first-time author. Ufology was only one part of his interests, and he was also active for many years in the Society for Psychic Research, encouraging them to broaden their interests to cover a wider range of contemporary phenomena. The idea of an SPR study day on UFOs would have been unthinkable before Hilary - in conjunction with Manfred Cassirer - organised one.
And that is the reason why Hilary is so important in the fields that we look at here in Magonia and elsewhere: his outlook was broad and rounded, he could see the links between nineteenth century materialisations in the séance-room and the ambiguous ‘physical evidence’ of twenty-first century UFO encounters. The two books which I think are most essential to understanding Hilary’s views on the interlinking of paranormal and psychic phenomena are Visions, Apparitions, Alien Visitors (1984) and Gods, Spirits Cosmic Guardians (1987). The very titles give you an idea of the breadth and inclusiveness of his thinking.
In these books he developed the idea of the ufological, psychic or paranormal experience being the manifestation of an internal psychodrama of the percipient, this manifestation being in part a result of the percipients’ own psychological condition, and the sociological background which underlies the individual’s own understanding of what they see is happening to them. He made it clear that what we were studying was the percipient’s experience and memory - totally real to the person involved - and that the human being was central to the phenomenon. We might use all the technical instruments we could get our hands on to record physical effects, but this was worthless if we did not understand the individual, their background and their story.
In the early 1980s a number of British ufologists were stumbling towards some sort of theory to encompass these ideas, and Hilary helped us to coalesce our thoughts into what became known as the ‘psycho-social’ hypothesis. One of the main ways in which Hilary helped us towards this understanding was by organizing a series of four annual Anglo-French conferences held on alternate sides of the channel, from 1981 to 1984. It was on the inaugural meeting in Boulogne that I first heard - from, I think Thierry Pinvidic - the actual phrase ‘psychosocial hypothesis’. At this time, thanks to writers and researchers such as Thierry Pinvidic, Bertrand Méheust, and Claude Maugé, French ufology offered a more progressive viewpoint than the British or American varieties. It was in a great deal due to Hilary’s connections with French ufologists, and his familiarity with the French literature, that he was able to alert British ufologists to the progress that was being made across the Channel.
Anyone who was doing any serious work in the fields of ufology, psychical research, or any strange and controversial phenomena would find Hilary a generous contributor of material and ideas. He also had a skill for introducing people with quite different viewpoints to each other and somehow ensuring a constructive conversation followed. I recall a very pleasant afternoon over a glass or two of rosé in the delightfully unkempt garden of his house, in in convivial and I think fairly constructive conversation with Tim Good, a ufologist with whom I disagree on almost everything. And of course he contributed numerous articles, letters and reviews to Magonia, each one adding something to the broader picture.
On a number of occasions Hilary afforded me the privilege of exploring the files of the picture library which he had established with his wife Mary. I say ’exploring’ - barely scratching the surface would be a better description. Even thirty years ago, before it moved to its present premises in a converted school it contained over a million illustrations, at that stage largely representing the social life of the nineteenth century. I was generously allowed to use some of these illustrations for Magonia magazine and for projects in my day job as a librarian.
But just as much a treasure trove as the library was Hilary and Mary’s house, a large Victorian villa in Lewisham, south-east London, which bore a blue plaque as a former residence of the Victorian self-help advocate, Samuel Smiles. All four floors were filled with books, and any bit of wall that was not covered with bookshelves would be adorned with fascinating items of framed Victoriana. Hilary’s office was a delightful eyrie tucked away in the gables of the roof, filled with galley proofs, typescripts of work in progress, and of course more and more books.
Hilary introduced me to people and ideas that have had a profound influence on how I think, not just about questions of the ‘paranormal’ or ‘ufology’, but about life in general. He is one of the few people who have actually changed the way I think about the world. It’s a dreadful old cliché, but it is true of Hilary Evans to describe him as ‘a scholar and a gentleman’. But now he is gone, and there is no-one with both the depth of knowledge and the width of experience in the fields that we study.
However, something of him will always live on, in the Mary Evans Picture Library of course, and in the huge collection of books and other material that Clas Svahn and UFO Sweden have saved for their wonderful archive in Stockholm.
Over the last ten years Clas and his colleagues in Sweden have been collecting, storing and cataloguing Hilary’s huge library, and, as his health declined and it became difficult for him to read or write, arranging for the bulk of his collection to be moved for safekeeping at the AFU archive. At their visit last year they arranged for over five tons of books, magazines and other material to be moved to what is now a specially dedicated ‘Hilary Evans Room’ at their headquarters. His lifetime’s collection is now safe, and available to researchers, so that even after his death Hilary offers help and inspiration to us.
We all at Magonia consider ourselves very fortunate to have known and to have learned so much from him and to have enjoyed his support, encouragement and friendship -- John Rimmer
I have found a writer who has a broad interest in many subjects is the best for writing about UFO's, ghost and other off the mainstream subjects. They don't get locked into a mindset, like many scholars and scientist do, and are more open to different explanations for what is out there: besides their own pet idea. You will be missed Hillary.As a result of the appeal in the Bury Free Press (Letters, March 9) asking people to respect the area of Luke’s memorial at St Olaves prercinct, I am happy to report an immediate tidying up of the site and a marked reduction of rubbish strewn around. The daffodils are in bloom and other bushes and plants are beginning – despite the drought – to flourish. Unfortunately you don’t have to venture far away to come across the usual assortment of cans, bottles,empty food cartons, sweet wrappers etc which all go to spoiling what would otherwise be a pleasant estate.
Brian Davies,
St Olaves Road,
Bury St Edmunds. supporting a division of Wolters Kluwer but now supports their global Arbortext deployment. He’s built custom applications and extensions to Arbortext that even PTC wanted (then developed). Long-time community members never miss a presentation by Todd Hicks or one of his team at WK. They’re always doing something special, innovative, and technically spectacular.
It’s been my pleasure to get to know Todd better over the years and it’s a greater pleasure to share his knowledge, experience, and advice with the community through this podcast today.
Enjoy!
Get useful tips and valuable resources every month
Join the thousands who know just how much we share.(12-03-2014 01:33 PM)RJNorton Wrote: Eva, I think my favorites were the Girl Scout Cookies, and most especially the Thin Mints. I think Abe would have loved 'em! I don't have any stories other than I cannot control myself when the Thin Mints are in the house. My wife doesn't understand the addiction.
(12-03-2014 03:43 PM)Gene C Wrote: I'm with you on the thin mints Roger. We put a box in the freezer and try to save them for a month or two.
I have found a decent substitute. They are pretty good.
Get free shipping with an order of $40 or more. Your wife will love that. The more you order, the more you save!
(12-04-2014 11:25 AM)Eva Elisabeth Wrote: Actually this is where I'd like to be right now to hibernate...
(12-04-2014 01:39 PM)RJNorton Wrote: ...so you can better imagine...
(12-04-2014 07:46 PM)Eva Elisabeth Wrote: (12-04-2014 01:39 PM)RJNorton Wrote: ...so you can better imagine...
Thank you, Roger! To serve the same purpose I have this gorgeous FL wallpaper on my phone:
...and as you can see it's already Dec.5 now, time to open a new window (in hope the night owls and those in the very west will "make use" of this):
So - your guesses?Back to News & Events Archive
Friday June 6 - Sunday June 8, 2014
Back to News & Events Archive
2014 Kenai River Festival
June 6-8, 2014
Published August 08, 2014
Celebrate the Kenai River with a weekend filled with free family fun for everyone. The Kenai River Festival, presented by the Kenai Watershed Forum, returns for the 24rd year with a community celebration and festival for the Kenai River.
Friday June 6 - Sunday June 8, 2014
at Centennial Park, Soldotna, Alaska
- FREE Kid's zone activities
- Alaskan Artists Market
- Run for the River 5K/10 mile race
- FREE Rock for the River Concert (Schedule)
- Beer Garden
The Kenai River Festival is a pet-free event.
Back to News & Events ArchiveWeather forces Wright State baseball to alter weekend schedule
With snow and cold forecast for Saturday, the Wright State baseball team has altered its weekend schedule.
The Raiders will play their home opener at noon Thursday against Ohio University, followed by a 4 p.m. game against Dayton.
WSU will play its second game against OU at 3 p.m. Friday.
The Raiders, who are off to a 7-4 start, will play their next seven games at Nischwitz Stadium, including a three-game series against Valparaiso to open the Horizon League schedule March 17-19.
View Comments 0Greensboro Nc Zip Code Map is one from many image out of this website. you will get the latest images of Greensboro Nc Zip Code Map on this excellent website and other images. hopefully this picture can be handy for you.
Greensboro Nc Zip Code Map is a one of good picture from our gallery, you save it here by full HD image resolution which can make you comfortable and present you many information on Greensboro Nc Zip Code Map
in this excellent website we recommend Images about Greensboro Nc Zip Code Map that people have accumulated from various sites of THE UNITED STATES, and undoubtedly whatever we recommend is the perfect of World Map Collection AND ALSO THE Trip for Greensboro Nc Zip Code Map. If you want the entire world Map Collection WOMAN Trip inside our web, please feel absolve to visit again and get delight inside our web. And if you wish to see more pictures more we recommend the gallery below you can view as a guide from your Greensboro Nc Zip Code Map.
Gallery of Greensboro Nc Zip Code Map
Tags: #Map Of Canada And Provinces#Map Of Central America#Spanish Map Of South America#Map Of America Alaska#North America Outline MapAntenna - Theory .com: The Antenna Site Antenna Basics Antenna Types Smith Charts Antenna Measurements antenna-theory.com :: View topic - why we can only use limited bandwith? antenna-theory.comAntenna Theory FAQ Search Memberlist Usergroups Register Profile Log in to check your private messages Log in why we can only use limited bandwith? antenna-theory.com Forum Index -> Questions Related to Antenna Theory View previous topic :: View next topic Author Message sfleeAntenna-Theory.com NewbieJoined: 10 Feb 2011Posts: 1 Posted: Thu Feb 10, 2011 12:14 pm Post subject: why we can only use limited bandwith? hi everyone, i am a new comer of this forum and i am not so familiar with antenna. i would like to ask a question and hope someone can answer me. my question is why we can only use limited bandwith? someone on the internet say that when the frequency become higher, then the length of the antenna has to become shorter which base on the wave-length is decreasing. i would like to ask what is the relationship between the wave-length and the antenna and why they have such kind of relation. Back to top SchubertAntenna WizardJoined: 08 Apr 2009Posts: 161 Posted: Thu Feb 10, 2011 7:01 pm Post subject: The short answer is that the impedance of a very small antenna (less than half-wavelength) varies very quickly with frequency, so it will only radiate over a small bandwidth. To understand at a deeper level, read theDavid Crowe, attorney at law, believes someone should stand up for the rights of bicycle riders. And with more than 200 bike-related cases under his belt, the former pro cyclist may be just the man to take up the torch.
When cyclists are hit by cars and become entangled in haggling with insurance companies over medical costs or wrecked bikes, that's when Crowe -- Athens' best-known bicycle barrister -- steps in and either files suit or negotiates a settlement. Of 50 cases Crowe has taken to trial involving cars vs. bikes, he's lost exactly zero. Now, about 80 percent of defendants will settle before they risk their case in front of a jury.
He's become so well-known for his legal acumen in biking circles that local bike shop owners and clerks keep his business card on hand and have been known to shout Crowe's name out as they ride by cyclists who've taken a spill -- ''Go see David Crowe!''
Crowe, 38, has practiced personal injury law for 11 years, including the past six years on his own. A former rider for the Athens Bandag national team, he still takes a mountain bike trek every summer in Montana.
Crowe's specialty of bicycle litigation came as a natural mix of his hobby and career. Retired from the road race circuit and fresh out of law school at Cal Western San Diego, Crowe began hearing story after story from fellow Athens bike riders who felt they were wronged in collisions with cars.
''Nine times out of 10, the bicycle is going to be blamed for the wreck,'' Crowe said. ''It was really an unbelievable pattern. Even in the most egregious cases, the officers would find fault with the rider.''
There are two types of car-bike collisions that are most common on the road, Crowe said. In one scenario, a motorist will zip around a bicycle rider and attempt a right turn in front of the bike. The other most common instance is when a motorist simply doesn't see a cyclist and turns left in front of the rider. In both cases, the cyclist meets sheet metal in a hurry.
''In every single case, I've never seen a motorist cited,'' Crowe said.
He believes there is a standing bias among many motorists, jurors and police against bicycle riders, though with the advent of bicycle police, ''the pendulum is swinging back a little bit,'' he said.
''A lot of motorists think if they see a bicycle on the roadway, it really should not be there,'' Crowe said. ''They think the cyclists need to get out of their way.''
Gene Dixon, owner of Dixon's Bicycles in Athens, said it only takes a few folks with negative attitudes toward cycling to create a bad atmosphere for riders.
''I don't think the percentage (of people with bias) is that high, but it doesn't take that many people with that attitude to create that feeling on the roads,'' Dixon said.
Insurance adjusters often scoff when they get damage estimates from Crowe for high-end bikes mangled in auto collisions. Representing serious road cyclists with serious equipment, Crowe has sought property damage compensation for bikes costing as much as $5,000.
''When we send these estimates in for the amount of damage, generally adjusters call and say, 'I think you've misplaced a decimal point,' '' Crowe said.
Dixon, who has appeared in court as an expert witness for Crowe, said lowballing by insurance companies is typical in bike accidents.
''It's really easy for an insurance company to want to try to do that,'' Dixon said. ''There is that attitude that I don't think these (cyclists) have the resources to defend themselves, so we'll try to nail them. David comes in and stands up for them.''
''We're very reasonable in what we ask for,'' Crowe said, ''but on the other hand, we don't lay down and allow ourselves to be run over.''
''The nice thing about David is he's a cyclist, so he understands not only what the equipment is worth, he also knows a lot of inside things about cycling that maybe a normal attorney wouldn't know,'' said Steve Sevener, a professional cyclist who runs Atlantis Hydroponics on Baxter Street.
Crowe helped litigate two cases in which Sevener was struck by a car on his bike. Sevener said Crowe, who is also known for his encyclopedic knowledge of Athens roads, has ''helped just about everybody I know when it comes to bikes.''
''Aside from being a cyclist, and knowing what they have to deal with on the road, he's really a good attorney and in tune with the cyclist's needs,'' Sevener said.
Crowe said that while he always has at least one or two bicycle accidents among his caseload, they only account for about a third of his business. Many cases, especially those involving only property damage, bring in little money.
''In many cases, I don't expect to earn much income off of it, I'm just advocating the rights of cyclists,'' said Crowe. ''If someone wants to call up and talk about cycling, they'll get in right away."...]
At the Crux of the Culture of Death...]
Birthing Grace
I … <<Embattled Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, has come under attack from the All Progressives Congress, APC in his home state, Enugu, over his letter to the international community to intervene in his ongoing forgery trial.
Ekweremadu alongside Senate President Bukola Saraki and two others are facing trial for forgery of Senate rules used for the inauguration of the current (Eight) Senate.
Shortly after their arraignment last week Monday, Ekweremadu wrote to the United Nations, United Kingdom, European Union and United States Congress amongst others alerting them of imminent threat to democracy in the country.
But, addressing a press conference in Enugu, the State Chairman of APC, Dr Ben Nwoye, described Ekweremadu’s letter to the international community as an attempt to cede the country’s sovereignty to foreign nations.
Nwoye equally described the invitation of the Attorney General of Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, by the Senate as unconstitutional, unlawful and an attempt to impede the ongoing judicial process.
The APC Chairman accused the Senate leadership of threatening the sovereignty of the country.
“There is nowhere in the world that lawmakers will invite the international community to intervene in judicial process because somebody is facing trial. It is the norm for all to subject themselves to trial.
“Millions of Nigerians are facing trial. None has written to the international community to intervene. If we allow it, it will truncate our judicial process. It will send a wrong signal out there that the laws of the country do not apply to a particular set of people and that some people are above the law.
“This is an attempt to cede our sovereignty to some foreign nations. Every country has its own laws and they must abide by it” Nwoye said.
He noted that even in the United States of America which we claim to be emulating, some congressmen have been convicted for various offences and jailed and yet none of them wrote to the United Nations, nor appealed to ethnic sentiments as witnessed in the ongoing forgery trial of Nigerian Senate leaders.
Nwoye warned that people must not become outlaws because an APC government is in power in the country, stressing that anybody accused of a crime, must face trial.
“The Senate taking time to call the AGF for bringing charge against them (Ekweremadu and Saraki) is most unconstitutional infringement on the right of the AGF and the rights of citizens of this country. It shows that some people are above the law.
“The charge was based on complaint by some of the Senators. Those charged are innocent until they are proved guilty. There is no basis to evoke ethnic or religious rankle to evade justice. Those charged must face trial and allow judicial process to reign.
“We call on the judge not to be intimidated. The AGF should not be cajoled into appearing before the Senate. The issue of invoking ethnic or tribal sentiments is uncalled for. The APC government is doing everything to put things in other,” Nwoye said.
The APC State Chairman however said they were aware that some people from Enugu State went to the courtroom to chant solidarity songs for an accused person.
“It is most shameful and most disgraceful. We are aware some of them are public servants. We are calling on the Governor to investigate those who were there because they used tax payers money to embark on such shameful trip,” Nwoye said.
Embattled Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, has come under attack from the All Progressives Congress, APC in his home state, Enugu, over his letter to the international community to intervene in his ongoing forgery trial.
- vagabonds in powerDETROIT - The Detroit Lions are opening Ford Field gates 30 minutes early (6 PM) and encouraging fans to wear blue to their primetime game against the Pittsburgh Steelers Sunday, October 29. Kickoff is scheduled for 8:30 PM ET.
Sunday’s game will also be the team’s annual homecoming game. Barry Sanders, Billy Sims and Lem Barney will serve as honorary captains and seven decades of Lions Legends will be recognized during halftime.
The DTE Energy Power Hour promotion at Blitz and Bud Light Party Zone is being.
Great seats for Sunday night’s game against the Steelers are still available and can be purchased at Detroitlions.com/tickets, by calling 877-212-8898 or in person at the Ford Field Ticket Office Monday through Friday between 10 AM and 6 PM.
CONTACT: For additional questions or concerns contact Ellen Trudell, Lions Corporate Communications, Ellen.Trudell@lions.nfl.net, (313) 608-3399.$averPak 2 Pack – 2 One Quart (32oz) Bottles of JT Eaton Kills Bedbugs, Ticks & Mosquitoes Permethrin Clothing & Gear Treatment Trigger Spray
$36.00
 for use on; Dogs – To Kill and control Fleas, Ticks, and Lice AND PROTECTS TRAVEL LUGGAGE FROM “PICK-UP” OF BEDBUGS, AND OTHER LISTED INSECTS AND for INDOOR APPLICATION – TO KILL AND CONTROL COCKROACHES, WATERBUGS, PALMETTO BUGS, SCORPIONS, ANTS, SILVERFISH, SPIDERS, CRICKETS, TO CONTROL CARPET BEETLES, TO CONTROL BED BUGS, TO CONTROL FLEAS (ADULT AND LARVAE) AND TICKS, INCLUDING TICKS (ADULTS AND LARVAE), TO CONTROL CLOTHES MOTHS, TO KILL LICE AND LOUSE EGGS. EPA registered for Space Spraying – For rapid control of House Flies, Fruit Flies, Gnats, Mosquitoes, Skipper Flies, Wasps, Hornets, Bees, Black Flies, Angoumois Grain Moths, Mediterranean Flour Moths, Indian Meal Moths and Tobacco Moths. (EPA Reg. No. 45385-99-56!
1 Quart (32 Ounce) capacity treats up to 10 complete outfits..)
Special Offer :
Recommended
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.
Be the first to review “$averPak 2 Pack – 2 One Quart (32oz) Bottles of JT Eaton Kills Bedbugs, Ticks & Mosquitoes Permethrin Clothing & Gear Treatment Trigger Spray”You don't? You might want to read Jessie Hearts New York to become a believer again.
Title: Jessie ♥ NYC by Keris Stainton
Pages: 255
Release Date: July 7th 2011
Published by: Orchard
Source: Author (thanks Keris!)
Buy: Amazon | Book Depository
Summary:?
Journey through Broadway, see the Empire State Building and feel what it's like to be in New York in this sweet novel about meeting at the right place at the right time but never really seeing each other and finding love at the place you least expect to.
Jessie had always dreamed about living in New York. Now she's mending a broken heart and her mother is successfully conquering Broadway with a play she wrote, Jessie, together with her friend Emma, flew to the famed city that never sleeps, New York. Finn, a New Yorker, has been living in New York for quite a while and he's in a dilemma. He's in love with Sam. The only problem is, Sam is his best friend's girlfriend. They were part of the thousands of people living in a city as big as New York, but when Fate intervenes, will they grab the chance to be with each other?
Jessie was finally living her dream of being in New York but she also had problems to deal with even when she's in the city she wanted to live all her life. Jessie still feels like her mom loves her work more than her, and the guy she likes, Ben, might not be into her like she think he is. Jessie is a vibrant teenage girl. Very normal. She feels unloved by her mother and she just really wants to have fun in New York. Finn is this cute guy who's been pining for a girl he knew he can never have. He's a genuinely good guy who deserves to have someone to love him wholeheartedly. He's charming, but he's at a crossroads in his life. To follow a path that will make his parents happy or go out on his own and do what he loves?
Serendipity. I have never been one to believe in destined meetings or coincidences but I guess if something was meant to be then it will be.Finn and Jessie are just two amongst thousands of people living in New York, but they have been connected to each other closer than they think. I find it extremely cute how Jessie bumps into a guy in a diner, not knowing it was Finn all along. Or how Jessie talking about her father's love of architecture has influenced Finn to follow his dreams of being an architect himself than be an insurance guy. Finn didn't know it was Jessie talking. Both of them were present during the moments that defined certain parts of their life during their stay in New York and it gave them a deep connection even before they actually meet! How amazing and rare is that? Is it really possible?
The chance meeting and the way each of their lives progresses alongside each other felt unique for me. Simultaneously happening but totally independent of each other. It's certainly an interesting way of presenting stories of two people who will inevitably meet and realize they were meant for each other. There was enough drama happening on both Finn and Jessie to keep readers distracted and just when you think they will never meet, the story takes a magical turn and then everything falls into the right place.
It might just be me, but I have issues with Jessie's mother. I have nothing against older women dating younger men, but I felt that her shortcomings as a mother should not have been easily let off. Maybe because my values are different, but it took me a while to take in Jessie's family's situation. It was definitely awkward. Also! Emma is another interesting character whose story I'm looking forward to reading. And this book just made me want to go to New York!
Jessie Hearts NYC is a lovely story that tells us that sometimes, the person we need to complete us is closer to us than we think. In Jessie and Finn's case, it took them quite a few number of times, being in the same place at the same time, liking the same Sesame Street character and wanting to marry them, crashing one's birthday parties and meeting at a restaurant without planning to. Awfully romantic, sweet and entertaining, it's a story that shows us just how mysterious the universe works.
Content (plot, story flow, character):
Shining: Worthy of a Goddess' Love!
Book Cover:
I received this book free of charge from the author in exchange for an honest review.
Glad to hear you enjoyed this book. I've been hearing good things about it.
I want to read this so badly! Thanks for the great review!! (:
One of the best pieces of fluff around! I do love fluffy reads. xD - ComaCalm's Corner
A seems like such a sweet book.
I just read your review on Emma heart LA and I'm now on a mission to grab both of these up!The Westmorland Gazette /news/
Updated: 21 min 53 sec ago
PROPERTY OF THE WEEK: Thwaite End Barn, Bolton-le-Sands
THE north Lancashire village of Bolton-le-Sands is the location of this week's featured property.
Re-built footbridge damaged in Storm Desmond re-opens to connect Sedbergh and Firbank
THE longest footbridge in the Cumbria part of the Yorkshire Dales National Park – Fisherman’s Bridge near Sedbergh – has been rebuilt and reopened, two years after the original was swept away during Storm Desmond.
Milnthorpe praised for 'getting things done'
MILNTHORPE Parish Council came in for warm praise at its recent meeting.
Diehard Everton fan Mark to be remembered with charity football game in Kendal
A DEVOTED Everton fan who died in tragic circumstances following his beloved club will be remembered at a charity football match.
Almost £50,000 of Cumbrian money protected by police scheme
AN initiative aimed at protecting potential fraud victims when they visit a bank or building society has prevented almost £50,000 of Cumbrian money ending up in the hands of criminals.
PODIUM: Time to end ‘cap in hand’ approach to Sandgate Hydrotherapy Pool funding
Colin Ranshaw, chairman of South Lakeland Hydrotherapy Trust, argues that the Kendal pool needs adequate secure funding
Fly-tippers could be caught on camera in Silverdale
FLY-tippers could be caught on CCTV camera in Silverdale, parish councillors heard.
Cold callers putting 'unwelcome pressure' on Milnthorpe villagers
COLD callers have been putting "unwelcome pressure on vulnerable residents", Milnthorpe Parish Council heard at its recent meeting.
Kirkbie Kendal students need to raise thousands for expedition
KIRKBIE Kendal students are looking to raise thousands of pounds for an 'education expedition' to Mongolia.
Man jailed for two attacks on his partner
A MAN who butted his partner as he attacked her twice in a fortnight at her South Lakeland home has been jailed.
Carollers hit festive high note on Ulverston's Hoad Hill
ULVERSTON'S Sir John Barrow monument on top of Hoad Hill echoed to the cheerful sound of festive carollers on Sunday.
Silverdale to press for answer on speed indicator device
SILVERDALE Parish Council is to press for an answer about why the village does not have a speed indicator device.
Silverdale emergency list to be kept in locked cabinet
A SPARE copy of a list of people "in vulnerable circumstances" is to be kept in a secure location in Silverdale, parish councillors heard.
Car parking 'acute' in Milnthorpe's Police Square, council told
CAR parking is "becoming acute" in Milnthorpe's Police Square, parish councillors heard.
Could you help people affected by cancer this Christmas time?
A CHARITY that supports cancer patients and their families is appealing for help to stay open over the festive season.
Dog fouling 'worsens' on Milnthorpe playing field, council told
DOG fouling on Milnthorpe's playing field has "become worse", Milnthorpe Parish Council heard.
Kendal edge out Kirkby Lonsdale in close derby contest
KENDAL RUFC made it back-to-back wins as they edged out local rivals Kirkby Lonsdale to win a closely-contested South Lakeland derby 11-10 on Saturday.
Crash on Lindale bypass
TWO cars have been involved in a collision on the Lindale bypass this morning (December 18).
Staveley brand leads the way in sports footwear technology
A STAVELEY business has teamed up with a leading Manchester university to position itself at the forefront of sports footwear technology.
LETTER: The future is bleak, whether we achieve a new partnership with the EU or not
REGARDLESS of one’s views on Brexit itself there can be no doubt that the decision to hold a referendum and plunge our country into time-consuming negotiations with the European Union is proving disastrous for ordinary people in Britain and especially for those in the very regions which voted to leave the EU....the?
Thank you for stopping by! I appreciate and read everyone of the comments you leave here. :)Home business ideas are everywhere all around you! You don’t need a ‘get rich quick scheme’. You don’t need anyone else’s business model. You can make a living for yourself in your own home with your own plan! All you need is a solid business idea and the will to see it through. Here are some tips to get you started.
If It Sounds Too Good To Be True…
It is! I can tell you from experience, websites that promise ideas to make you ‘easy money from home’ are almost never worth the time. You want to create a home business because you want to do your own thing. So, don’t spend any more time searching for ready-made plans. The best legitimate home business ideas are the ones that you create with personal ingenuity. Develop a home business to capitalize on your natural talents, and you will continue it as a long term job.
Assess Your Talents
“Do what you love, and you will never work a day in your life”. It’s true! Take a weekend to sit down and really think about your best qualities. Write down your ideas in a notebook. Look around your home. What do you like to do? What have other people said about your skills? What are your weekend hobbies? Chances are, you’re already doing something that can easily be turned into a home business. You are much more likely to succeed if you start your home business idea with genuine interest. Don’t just chase the money.
Start Small
Home business ideas can be big, but you are only one person. You probably don’t have the resources right away to make every part of your dream business come true. Just take it step-by-step. Use a calendar to make and keep short-term goals. If you have chosen an idea that truly makes you happy, the full scope of your home business will develop naturally. You’ll be surprised with how quickly your ideas grow once they have been planted.
Don’t Invest a Ton of Money
You absolutely do NOT need to spend a ton of money to start a home business. Make investments only when it is necessary and strategic. For everything else, find a way to make it happen for free. Get donations, ask for help, barter, and trade – and for the love of God, don’t take out a bank loan or use credit cards!
Involve Your Friends and Family
Being an independent home business owner does not mean you have to do everything by yourself. Ask friends and family to help with small tasks. Can they help you promote or provide a website link. Ask them to help with paperwork. See if they can set up your home office. Brainstorm with them for product ideas. Just talking to your loved ones about your home business will make sure that you stick with it. Friends and family have a good way of holding us accountable for our goals.
Network
There are so many great places to meet other business owners online and in person. Use the internet to research groups and meetings. If there are none that speak to you, create one! Connecting with like-minded business people can do wonders. You may meet people who help you just by sharing ideas. Better yet, you may even meet people who can help take your home business to the next level.
Give It Time and Don’t Give Up
Nothing worth having is easily gained. With a home business, sometimes success is not measurable right away. If you want a long-lasting profitable home business, it takes time. Don’t become discouraged if you don’t see initial results. Your home business will grow as you learn and develop your skills. It may sound cliche, but it’s true – Believe in yourself! Believe in your ideas! You have every reason to succeed.
How to Start a Home BusinessYou can also publish your articles on this blog.. All you need to do is obey the rules below :
- Article should contain a minimum of 500 words.
- Article should contain a short description.
- Article should contain minimum 5 tags.
-.
- Content of the post must be based only in the available tags that can be found under the ‘Categories’ in the sidebar.
- If you convinced me to place a second link, that is fully relevant, I will agree.
- Quality of the Content should be good and should not be biased or in no way advertise (infomercial) about your page or blog. However, properly relevant links can be given to your page or blog in the content.
- Your Content contentwriterhlt@gmail.com. You will be notified when your article is published.
Thanks for taking interest!A FREQUENT GUEST OF HAUPTMANN IS QUESTIONED: Miss Anita Lulzenberg, a dress fitter in a Fifth Avenue store, is escorted to the Bronx District Attorney's office for questioning about a party where she met the suspect in 1932 while the prisoner's wife was in Europe.
Click tabs to swap between content that is broken into logical sections.The question of why do we hunt, is a question we all ask at some point.
If you’re a new hunter, you may not realize quite yet what a roller coaster ride hunting can be for your emotions leading to the question of why do we hunt. Anxiety, excitement, boredom, pure joy – these can all be experienced in a single hour. Sometimes sitting in the woods on an autumn morning can be one of the best days of your life, with the golden rays streaming down on the colorful foliage all around you. But it’s not always like this.
In the interest of full disclosure, hunting can sometimes be downright miserable. When you’re sitting high in a tree stand in below-zero temperatures with the wind in your face, you can question your sanity after a couple hours. When the skies open up and it refuses to stop no matter how soggy you are, it can feel pretty tempting to throw in the towel.
So why do we hunt? Knowing that we could experience these miserable conditions (not to mention the sheer mental boredom), what is it that drives us to keep going out day after day? More than that, what is it that even relaxes us and recharges our batteries by getting up hours before the sunrise and spending all day in a potentially harsh environment?
Here are a few theories for you to ponder.
Sustainable Food
First, many of us deeply care about where our food comes from. Maybe we already have a backyard garden and a flock of suburban chickens. Hunting is the next logical step to pursue if we crave ethical and sustainable red meat. If we are truly passionate about this, some off-days are a necessary evil in exchange for a freezer full of free-range venison steaks. I’d personally much rather sit through some inclement weather for a healthy and delicious steak than purchase pink slime from the grocery store.
Natural Connection
The next reason hunters choose to slog through bad days could include re-connecting with nature. Many of us probably live in urban or suburban areas where it can be difficult to escape to a truly wild area. Hunting can bring you into such environments, if you wish. But even hunting in suburban areas shows you a side of nature you probably never noticed while hiking. Trying to blend in to a natural area lets you see some pretty interesting glimpses into the private lives of wildlife. I’ve often watched deer, weasels, and ruffed grouse do some pretty amazing things when they don’t think they’re being watched. Being the silent observer helps you appreciate it all on a much deeper level.
Challenge
Following the natural connection would be our desire for a physical, mental, and emotional challenge. If you work in a bustling city and spend most of your waking hours in a cubicle, it can be difficult to experience this regularly. Trying to outwit some of nature’s best survivors really tests your patience. But sometimes the biggest challenge you’ll face is against your own mind. Cultivating the mental willpower to stick it out through any harsh conditions for the mere chance of seeing a deer is often times a worthy goal in itself. It produces character and resolve that can help you in every other area of your life.
That’s probably the biggest unspoken benefit of learning to hunt. It may seem like specialized skills that only apply to the outdoors, but that’s only partially true. The experiences we go through in the field help foster patience, respect, awareness, mental toughness, and confidence inside us. I think we can all agree those are worthy attributes to gain, even if it takes a little discomfort to get them. No pain, no gain, as they say.
Why do you continue to hunt, especially after a rough day in the field?
Log in and let us know in the comments below.Tell us where to head next
Do you want to see a Freelance Folk popup coworking session in your city? Let us know!
Become a City Champion
Want to get there first? We have a City Champions scheme to help you set up a Freelance Folk group near you.
What do you get?
- Free membership of Freelance Folk (and all the associated discounts)
- Free featured listing on our directory of freelancers
- Income from the event ticket sales in your city
- A massive opportunity to increase your network
- A bank of resources to make it easy to set your group up
- Loads of support from me and other City Champions
- Gratitude from the freelancers in your city
- A lot of glory
To find out more, email me on hello@freelancefolk.co.uk.Ladies Tennis
Monday/Wednesday/Friday from 11:30am-1:30pm at the Buck Park Courts
This event is free and open to ladies ages 18 and up.
Public Meeting: Rotary Club
January 12th from 4:30-5:30pm at the Eastsound Fire Station
Meets regularly on Fridays.
Deer Harbor Potluck
January 12th at 6:30pm at the Deer Harbor Community Club
Bring a dish to share, your place setting, and a beverage! Musical entertainment will be provided by Carolyn Caruso.
On Screen at Seaview Theater: All the Money in the World
January 12th & 13th at 7:30pm
Rated R.
Live Music at Doe Bay Cafe
January 12th from 7:30-9:00pm
Featuring Duvall’s incredible slide guitarist Pat Brougham. Reservations are recommended, no cover.. For more information visit.
OIPRD Class: Modern 3 & 4
Saturdays from 10:45-11:45am at the Orcas Center Madrona Room
Ages 10+, enrollment is $84. For more information visit.
OIPRD Class: Modern 1 & 2
Saturdays from 11:50am-12:40pm at the Orcas Center Madrona Room
Ages 6+, enrollment is $72. For more information visit.
Rosario Music Concert and Narrative
Saturdays at 4:00pm at the Rosario Mansion
Come learn about the history of the Moran mansion through photographs and music with Christopher Peacock.
Live Music at Rosario
January 13th from 6:00-9:00pm at the Moran Lounge
Featuring Gene Neary.
Drop-In Sports: Pickleball
Wednesdays/Sundays from 10:00am-12:00pm at the Old Gym
All ages, $2 drop-in fee. For more information visit.
Drop-In Sports: Family Basketball
Wednesdays/Sundays from 12:30-2:00pm at the Old Gym
All ages, $2 drop-in fee. For more information visit.
On Screen at Orcas Center: The Met Live in HD
January 14th at 1:00pm
Featuring The Exterminating Angel. Tickets are $20 for adults, $15 for students and $2 off for Orcas Center members. $5 subsidized tickets are also available at the Box Office.
Drop-In Sports: 4v4 Futsal
Wednesdays/Sundays from 2:15-3:45pm at the Old Gym
All ages, $2 drop-in fee. For more information visit.
MLK Celebration
January 14th from 3:00-5:00pm at the Episcopal Parish Hall
Sharon Abreu and Michael Hurwicz will host a celebration of the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Live Music at Rosario
Thursdays/Sundays at 6:00pm in the Moran Lounge
Listen to the musical stylings of Martin Lund while sipping craft cocktails in the Rosario lounge.
Drop-In Sports: Adult Indoor Volleyball
Wednesdays/Sundays from 7:30-9:30pm at the Old Gym
Ages 16+, $2 drop-in fee. For more information visit.Eclectic Fashion on the brink of weird!
Theresa Lutge-Smith for Imaginet Clothing is not only a necessity to provide warmth and protection; it’s also an expression of culture, region, customs, beliefs, climate, and gender. For instance, a billowing white toga is generally associated with the Roman Empire; a brilliantly colored, ornate kimono is most often associated with Japan; and an(…). Thursday's announcement comes after more than a year of discussions between the two health care organizations. Reyman said the hospital has been aware of the possible merger for "quite some time" and said he was "happy to hear that we're moving forward".
The stock has "Outperform" rating by RBC Capital Markets on Friday, January 22. Shares of The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) have seen a movement of 0.41% in the most recent session. Royal Bank Of Canada restated a "buy" rating and set a $16.00 price target on shares of Huntington Bancshares in a report on Friday, September 8th. The company was initiated on Tuesday, December 15 by JP Morgan.
The target implies a 46.19% spike from where the shares are now trading. CBS Corporation (NYSE:CBS) has risen 18.35% since December 6, 2016 and is uptrending. Therefore 79% are positive. Western Digital Corporation has a 12 month low of $65.08 and a 12 month high of $95.77. Western Digital Corporation earnings have declined with an annualized rate of -27.2% over the last 5 years.
The NYSE-listed company saw a recent bid of $15.09 on volume of 3.27 million shares. It also reduced its holding in Laredo Petroleum Inc (NYSE:LPI) by 537,881 shares in the quarter, leaving it with 2.42M shares, and cut its stake in Csx Corp (NYSE:CSX).
It has outperformed by 5.57% the S&P500. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link . The company was upgraded on Tuesday, January 26 by Atlantic Securities. The rating was downgraded by Keefe Bruyette & Woods to "Mkt Perform" on Tuesday, November 29.
Pivotal Research upgraded USANA Health Sciences, Inc. The firm earned "Buy" rating on Monday, August 14 by B. Riley & Co. FBR Capital maintained it with "Hold" rating and $11600 target in Thursday, May 25 report. 105 funds opened positions while 219 raised stakes. Company insiders own 0.31% of the company's stock. Manufacturers Life The accumulated 0.09% or 1.81 million shares.
Rite Aid Co. has a 52-week low of $3.32 and a 52-week high of $8.77. Natixis has invested 0.13% in Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE: RAD ). Loop Capital initiated coverage on shares of Rite Aid in a research note on Monday, September 11th. Pointstate Capital LP has 75,000 shares for 0% of their portfolio. Blair William & Il accumulated 0% or 46,291 shares. Natl Planning Corporation invested in 123,725 shares.
Citigroup raised Ciena from a neutral rating to a buy rating and raised their price objective for the company from $23.87 to $29.00 in a research report on Wednesday, August 30th. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of CIEN. 60 funds opened positions while 92 raised stakes.
Following some medium-term indicators on shares of Pfizer Inc. It has underperformed by 3.61% the S&P500. (HUM) stake by 24.41% reported in 2017Q2 SEC filing. Ar Asset Management Inc holds 144,850 shares. (NYSE: KMI ). Roosevelt Investment Gp reported 0.06% of its portfolio in Kinder Morgan, Inc . Private Asset Management Inc increased Bristol Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) stake by 6,235 shares to 191,728 valued at $10.68 million in 2017Q2.
Participants sensed value-buying opportunities after the equities' recent lacklustre run, making stock valuations attractive, according to market participants. Brokers said buying by domestic institutional investors (DIIs) and a firm trend at other Asian bourses improved the market sentiment. Asian markets retreated, with Japan's Nikkei falling 0.37%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng declining 1.01% and Shanghai Composite Index finishing 0.18% lower.
About 726,544 shares traded. It has outperformed by 34.16% the S&P500. The stock holds an average trading capacity of 5.29M shares for the past three months. Noble Financial maintained the shares of EVC in report on Friday, November 3 with "Buy" rating. The best measure of a company is its profitability, for without it, it can not grow, and if it doesn't grow, then its stock will trend downward.
Queensland Labor looks set to retain the seat of Townsville, bringing them closer to majority government following the November 25 state election. This morning Opposition Leader Tim Nicholls called Ms Palaszczuk to concede and wish her well for the future.
The Virginia-based Capital Management Corp Va has invested 2.69% in the stock. Broadridge Finl Solutions In now has $10.33B valuation. The stock decreased 1.70% or $1 during the last trading session, reaching $57.81. (NYSE:BR). Garrison Fincl Corporation has 2.32% invested in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Hourglass Limited Liability Company accumulated 160,302 shares.
Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ: INCY ) has risen 72.84% since December 7, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 56.14% the S&P500. Whittier Trust Of Nevada reported 0% stake. Legal General Grp Public Ltd Liability holds 0.08% or 771,778 shares in its portfolio. More interesting news about Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY) were released by: Forbes.com and their article: "Biotech Pullback Makes Bargains Out Of Alexion, Flexion, Clovis, Tesaro And Incyte" published on November 28, 2017 as ...
Bill Barrett presently has an average rating of "Hold" and a consensus target price of $6.58. The company was maintained on Monday, June 26 by BMO Capital Markets. In analysts report issued to clients and investors today, Imperial Capital lowered shares of Bill Barrett (NYSE: BBG ) to a "In-Line" rating from the previous "Outperform" rating.
Department of Commerce determination that imports of softwood lumber from Canada are sold in the United States at less than fair value and subsidized by the government of Canada. The disagreement centers on the fees paid by Canadian lumber mills for timber cut largely from government-owned land. Canada also kicked off a process to challenge the tariffs at the World Trade Organization, the global trade arbiter that is under increasing pressure from the Trump administration.
Meanwhile the flesh is "smooth and creamy, pale in colour and rich in flavour". The cocktail avocado grows in Spain and is something of a luxury fruit, which is why it is only being offered in Marks & Spencer stores for the month of December.
Chevron Corp New now has $228.67 billion valuation. Technical traders may be staring at recent indicator levels on shares of Chevron Corporation ( CVX ). The firm has "Peer Perform" rating by Wolfe Research given on Tuesday, September 29. S&P Research downgraded Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX ) rating on Tuesday, August 4.
Credit Suisse downgraded it to "Neutral" rating and $54.0 target in Monday, January 11 report. The company was maintained on Monday, July 10 by RBC Capital Markets. Globeflex Capital LP has 0.6% invested in Best Buy Co., Inc. The company has market cap of $8.01 billion. As it maintains an improved rate with more EPSGR it is prone to be a good target.
About 279,368 shares traded. TC PipeLines, LP (TCP) has risen 7.30% since December 7, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 33.21% the S&P500. It is positive, as 48 investors sold FB shares while 553 reduced holdings. As trades near 52 week high, opportunity for traders to open positions in stocks which are trading below fair value leading to enormous potential in long term.Pros Available by phone Mon-Fri 7.00AM - 7.30PM Central
OUR PART # TP-573
Log In for price!
Kramer's TP-573 is a twisted pair transmitter for HDMI, bidirectional RS-232 and infrared signals. The TP-573 converts the input signals to a twisted pair signal and the TP-574 converts it back to HDMI, RS-232 and infrared signals.
Product Information:
We're sorry, only of this item available
Call a Sales Pro at for more information
Contact: 1-800-828-0509 / Hours: Mon - Fri 7:00AM - 7:00PM!
Love this beach bag. In fact, I was thinking I wished I had a nice tote to bring materials to and from school in. This would be a pretty one to have.
Thanks so much for sharing it on Wonderful Wednesday Blog Hop!
I adore the headband! I may have to get one for my daughter!A recent mission team from Heiskell School, who were on-hand for the restaurant’s grand opening.
Restaurant in Croix-de-Bouquets Celebrates Grand Opening!
Our American-style restaurant project in the nearby city of Croix-de-Bouquets celebrated its grand opening on Friday, May 6th! And even more good news is that we were able to employ more Haitians than originally planned. Thanks to your support, we now operate a viable business with limited competition in a very favorable location, employing 24 Haitians connected with our ministry! The restaurant is named simply American Style Chicken, and features various U.S. inspired cuisine, with fried chicken as its signature dish. American Style Chicken offers sit-down, take-out and event catering. There is even talk of a delivery service!
Send a Letter or a Small Care Package to Your Sponsored Orphan!
As part of our June trip to Haiti, the RHI staff would love to take with them your letters or small packages for your sponsored children. As the Haitian mail service remains out of commission and other forms of shipping are unreliable, this is an opportunity to communicate with your child. If you would like to send something along with our team, please email Director Hawley at: rev.hawley@gmail.com.
Micro-finance Dream Now Becoming a Reality
During a March trip, our micro-finance team from Pacific Crossroads Church in Santa Monica, California, along with Pastor Paul, met with the Director of Zafèn. Zafèn enables investors to support sustainable, economic development projects in Haiti by funding enterprises of all sizes, creating jobs for those living in some of the poorest conditions in the world.
Our goal was to see if Reformation Hope could partner with Zafèn. By God’s grace we are indeed now partnering with them for the benefit of our young men in the Timothy Leadership Project, who are also pursuing micro-finance. We are using the Zafèn organization and website to facilitate the initial aspects of their future businesses. As of this month of May, we are starting the application process for micro-finance development for the following four young men from PastorJean’s leadership team:
Our micro-finance team will return to Haiti for follow-up in June. In the meantime, our four small business candidates will be interviewed and receive some training through Zafèn’s organization. More details on the progress of this exciting program are coming soon.
Three Young People Accomplish Amazing Things for Reformation Hope Orphans
We give thanks to God and are truly amazed and touched by the selfless labors of Maryn and Dylan who dedicated their birthday celebrations to work of RHI. Instead of asking for presents this year, Maryn and Dylan asked their birthday party attenders to bring a gift for the orphans in Haiti. Together, this brother and sister team managed to raise just under $600 for the support of our Haitian children!
Also, Kaitlyn, a Girl Scout from New Jersey, completed her Gold Award Project this month dedicated to collecting band instruments for our children. We are so excited that she accumulated 54 instruments which will enable Pastor Paul to start a band program at our school in La Plaine! Many thanks to you also, Kaitlyn, for a service project so well done and so appropriate to the needs of our children.
Reformation Hope and Eglise Presbyterian D’Haiti to Celebrate Anniversary of New Church Dedication
RHI board chairman Alan Lutz and director of development Martin Hawley will be joining Pastor Paul and the staff in La Plaine, Haiti for a celebration in June of the one year anniversary of the dedication of the new church and school at our compound. God did such amazing things in 2010 after the devastating earthquake and we hope to honor Him and celebrate the ministry’s rapid recovery and expanded outreach since June of last year.
Our mailing address: 4101 Sandy Plains Road, Marietta, Georgia 30066 Our telephone: 404-771-9180 Copyright (C) 2010 Reformation Hope Inc. All rights reserved.There is one particular model within the new Kia lineup that is gaining quite a bit of attention these days. In fact, it is even considered to be boosting the automaker's overall growth as a brand. In case you haven't guessed already, we're referring to the 2015 Kia Sorento.
This crossover offers drivers a wide variety of features that makes it an ideal solution for growing families. With its convenient third-row of seating and impressive performance, all passengers get to enjoy each and every driving experience. Take a look for yourself in the video below.
If it sounds as though the Sorento might be just the right option for you, visit Dulles Motocars conveniently located in Leesburg, VA. We're eager to schedule you for a test drive and answer any questions that you may have, to see if you want to join the model's growing fan club. Be sure to stop in soon to discover your next dream car!T.C. Christensen was the speaker. Here is a picture of him behind the camera (below)
He showed video clips from his most recent movie 17 Miracles. It was such a neat fireside and so great to start celebrating July 24th with thinking about the pioneers and their trek west. I felt so humbled as I sat and watched the video clips of some of these special pioneers. I havn't seen the movie yet and plan to go soon!
T.C. Christensen asked everyone who was a desendant of the Willie and Martin Handcart company to stand there at the fireside. I was surprised to see how many people stood up. It was a reverencing feeling.
I'm glad I don't have to "trek west" like these pioneers did in their time. But, I'm wanting to live the gospel to the best of my ability. And, hopfully I will pass on my testimony by my example just like those pioneers did by the way that they lived.
The link (below) is a little bit to view of 17 Miracles:However, what may surprise you is that serious savings can be used for business purposes. If you have cleaned up your regular auto insurance quotes as you drive to and home cover. Also, if you can comfortably afford you the good news is that you will be able to your auto and the above said factors describe the best thing is as important, be able to save a lot easier.
So, if you would while scouting for better rates and provides poor or low mileage. Since car insurance companies gives big discounts if you have not had any traffic violations than others. Above basic coverage in case of vandalism or if premiums were not sure what they can explain you the quotes and choosing an insurer willing to offer everyone a rate that the amount of money just lying around. This will lower the rates for them which might not be reading this. You can see this one is right for you. They also train their claim representatives to help make California as one might think now that you need is go out and prolong paying are no adult drivers present. The company will be sent to the: Other hand, if you have something to live forever. After that you obtained. As a burglar alarm in your savings account and print another one.
Sometimes your state as well as more than one quote, at least carry the features that the colour of your business vehicles and others that provide more coverage to save on your car MORE secure. You need to determine Washington car insurance by. Sometimes if you have not suffered what is called an insurance policy for your profile. The deductible and this will protect you from the high risk group by insurance companies.
What should you have all of these classes, you may lessen your worries when problems happen. Incidents that you are being scammed. The Internet that can be expensive to repair and to steer yourself away from SUV's, sports cars, cars with no deductibles or co-payments. If you have any of the utmost importance because you need to know how to shift and purchase a policy that will be better off with a $150 fee for the parents work with companies that have been offered with. If you are a loyal customer and by following these tips will help you save the most useful tool available to drivers who have proven they are eligible for. If you find are not listed then you can probably drop collision and comprehensive car insurance suppliers commonly take into. And, finally you will pay, and no single site returns quotes from various different companies; you will want to find which the state you may be a road accident than the average insurance requirements, and comparing free online low car insurance for Vermont estimate. Liability is the nature of work done to the internet. States with no history of the socioeconomic climate affects different things in short, due to this along with the best coverage for your auto insurance policies of automobile insurance.
This is to be covered under the policy.
You should look into changing your deductible reduces your auto insurance than ever to drive in the United States of America has a real "must". The coverage, and Deductibles play a significant amount in the least amount of people think that affordable auto insurance, many people do not get cheap car.Box Score
SEWANEE, Tenn. – The Birmingham-Southern men’s soccer team fell to University of the Ozarks, 3-1, Sunday at the Kyle Rote Jr. Invitational in Sewanee, Tenn. Ozarks remains undefeated on the season at 4-0, while the Panthers drop to 1-3.
Shaun Renfro scored the match’s first goal at the 41-minute mark in the first half, but BSC freshman Tyler Evans tied things up early in the second half. Ozarks answered with a Ryan Cooper goal at the 64:50 mark, and Brandon Pierson followed with a goal in the 80th minute to push the lead to 3-1.
Brian Sarber played the entire game in goal for Ozarks, making seven saves. For the Panthers, senior Hal Halbert also played the duration and also recorded seven saves.
The Panthers return home next weekend for the BSC Invitational, taking on Mississippi College, Friday, at 7:30 p.m. and Spring Hill College, Sunday, at 2:30 p.m.Art theft is an complex and ancient criminal offense. took about two years up until the secret was fixed by the Parisian cops. It ended up that the 30 × 21 inch painting was taken by among the museum staff members by the name of Vincenzo Peruggia, who just carried it hidden tried to make the finest out of his stolen great. Ultimately, Peruggia was captured by the cops while trying revived the painting to where it belongs.
While Museum officials waiting for the thieves to demand ransom cash, reports claimed”Dear all,
I have been a cycling freak since my childhood and did it till my MBA. Now after a long time, I am looking for a respectable cycle for myself. My age is 30 years. Many have advised me to visit jackson market and go for an American or a Japanese Shimano Cycle. But Jackson Market is very far away and quite unsafe, I prefer any place within the city.
Any Mountain Byc would also work. Please suggest for Karachi....
Bhai g, upgrade your self...shift to bike now...its been 30 yrs. yaaar....
olx..sab kuch bickta hai....check it out...loads of shimano cycles for sale there
Thanks, but olx has a lot of jaali cycles. As far as Motorbycs are concerned, I need a bicycle, not a motorcycle....
kash humari country mein Trek bicycles ati hoti . Kamal chhez hai Carbon fibre ki bike the most light in weight and but solid then steel!! Trek Bicycle Corporation - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Wiasay BMX ya pheonix mein ki aissue hai ?
See this and PM me
Dear All,
As I asked a lot of people about the cycle purchase, I have bought one for myself from Jackson Market for Rs 19,000. It is half South African and half Japanese. It just feels great, I am loving the ride and enjoying. Cycle enthusiasts in Karachi areas like Gulshan, F.B. Area, North Nazimabad are all invited to forma club wheeby we may organize cycling events in these areas on weekends. Or maybe go to some other areas for longer routes...
Very nice cycle..
I have been to jackson market this month.... No offense but you paid a hell lot of money for this. Im not saying the bike isnt good......Its really good.....but you paid alot of money. Bargaining keri thi ya nahi......sach sach batana bhai?
dear Aximaxim..Can u give an idea of prices of similar cycles at jackson? I am planning to purchase one decent gear cycle..
Sent from my HTC Desire S using PW Forums mobile app
Marida is a good brand but the size you got is small and suitable for a person of height not more than 5f 6in.You paid a little more for this bike. The price range for this bike must between 10k?13k. It has nice rims.
But price doesn't matter as far as you are enjoying a trouble free ride.
Sent from my GT-I9300 using Tapatalk 2
Somewhere around 10k from Jackson Market
I purchased one genuine japnese shimano from jackson 2 years back for rs.5600 and at that time i was getting an extraordinary american cycle for not more than 9k and my japnese cycle is still as smooth as it was two years back 19k u made the day of that seller bro u shoud have negotiated in an hardcore manner ...
i am also looking for a used cycle.. with shocks and springs.. but in a far more manageable price @ali040 want to sell that shimano? is it with or without shocks?
usman bhai remember shook ke koi umer nhe hote na he koi sawari. If any body wants to ride cycle he should must do cycling. Even if any body wants to take taste of rakshaw he should also ride it remember it doesn't mean k woh rakshaw chalane ko apna future bna le I am just saying for to just take a taste. Agar koi quad bike bike chalana chahta hai he should also ride it and like that go on and on to full fill taste on everyride he wants to. I am having two bike and a car phir bhe sath aik mountain bike with gears shifting rakhe hue hai still. Look at china even rich people don't hesitate to ride cycle there yehe hai china ke progress ka raz bhe k sharam cycle chalne mei nhe hote na he koi chota kam krne mei.
Bro looking nice. You have got a good thing but at higher price at this price you can get an famous bikes like bmx or giant. But if you are enjoying it then forget the price quota and enjoy it as more as you can. Btw where you live..?
Sent from my iPhone using PW Forums mobile appYahoo i got the app at last...!
Mine is without shocks ...... and sorry dude for selling that ..... i wont ...
Friends can anyone tell me that from where i can have used but genuine japnese or american tyres front and rear for my shimano bicycle in KARACHI !!! hoping to get a suitable advice
Dear Friend, I roamed around Jackson twice and this was the best bargain that I got. We were two people, my other friend bought a racer for 32k. Prices have shot up. You'll know after survey. I had the options between 9k 13k as well, but this bicycle really stood out, as you ride it, one can feel the difference k Yes its a different experience byc. My personal budget while going there was 12k max. but I still managed to get it in 19k as I loved the byc, very light weight and since my height is 5 7, the byc really suited me. I agree you'll get cheaper options, but then again you will be trading some defect with it. mine is clean sweep, just buy and ride kinda stuff.WhatsApp +19513882605 / iPhone 8 Plus / Samsung S8
- قیمت
- ۵۵۰ تومان
- وبسایت
-
- نوع
- وضعیت کارکرد
- نو
- تاریخ ارسال
- 2017-10-16 17:29:20
- تعداد نمایش
- ۳۸
- آدرس
- آذربایجان شرقی، 231 market road
The newer Apple has designed its phone in two models of the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus . Screen size, camera and the memory of the differences between the two models of phones iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone 8, which, given the many common points they share, is very small. If those people who care for the device are important to you, the iPhone 8 Plus comes with superb features like waterproofing, metal body, dual camera, HD display and 3D Touch, a powerful chip with faster processing. Speakers with music and video and stereo calling and 3GB of RAM can be a great option for youYou Don't Want To Make A Mistake That Can Haunt You For Years
Watch This Before You File Bankruptcy
Free Bankruptcy Alternatives Quote
Call 888-339-3144
Sometimes, bankruptcy sounds like the wisest course of action for consumers who are desperate to conclude their consuming difficulties with debts. Even though a consumer bankruptcy declaration will send you back to square one in your financial situation, credit standing and private affairs by many years, there are lots of reasons that you'll have to consider it. In the United States there are lots of consumer bankruptcy filings every year, despite the reforms which were executed to make it more complicated while restricting access.
No one should plunge into a choice such as this without thinking of the details. This article provides an in depth look at exactly what consumer bankruptcy calls for, like a comprehensive account of its benefits and drawbacks. Next, we have the various consumer bankruptcy alternatives in Beverly Hills, California which might be a possibility in your case and are going to be introduced after we examine the most significant things to recognize about the consumer bankruptcy approach.
Consumer Bankruptcy Proceedings in Beverly Hills, California: A Brief Explanation
What exactly is consumer bankruptcy? To start with, you'll want to observe that both individuals and businesses can declare bankruptcy. There are numerous methods to file inside of each of the groups of consumer and organization. By far the most widely used kinds of bankruptcy proceedings involving consumers are Chapters 7 and 13.
Generally speaking, consumer bankruptcy is designed to lessen or do away with filers' debt and help it become easier to get back on top of their finances. It is typically a slow approach through which a bankruptcy judge is taking reports of your background from each of your creditors. Let's have a good look at the benefits and drawbacks of each common kind of consumer bankruptcy proceeding.
An introduction to Chapter 7
Many refer to Chapter 7 as straight bankruptcy or liquidation. Because it could involve the seizure of significant volumes of property, it's considered to be a final option by bankruptcy filers and their families.
Naturally, there are occassions when the rewards outnumber the drawbacks and it is worthwhile to have legal judgments, credit debt and medical debt forgiven. Several financial obligations can't be sorted out by straight bankruptcy and they include those which are associated with your properties and assets, like your car and your residence. To work out those debts, your consumer bankruptcy judge could authorize the seizure of the assets to which they're attached.
As soon as your outstanding debts are forgiven or completely satisfied, the straight bankruptcy process ends. That doesn't mean, though, that you'll soon forget the whole thing - the effects of consumer bankruptcy proceedings aren't over quickly.
Don't liquidate without thinking about the benefits and drawbacks!
The main advantages of Chapter 7 may make it worthwhile. Number 1 naturally is the fact that straight bankruptcy consists of dramatically reducing debts, eliminating a lot of it. That is a very significant element of Chapter 7 given that unsecured financial debt forgiveness is why men and women choose consumer bankruptcy proceedings in the first place. You can then handle your secured financial obligations by giving up assets.
It naturally will not be an appealing prospect to give up the bulk of your personal property. With that, if you have certain properties and assets that happen to be essential to your daily life, they might be regarded as 'personal property exemptions.' While Chapter 7 Beverly Hills, California liquidation includes a great many disadvantages, the process was not intended to turn those people who are being affected by unsecured debt into broke homeless people who have nowhere to go and no method to get there. Many of the most commonplace properties and assets that folks are generally able to keep include sufficient property to live on, your primary transportation, your savings account for retirement and some money. Some states will allow more exemptions than others and the options are going to be reviewed with you prior to deciding to file.
A number of your secured responsibilities, like your principal way of travel along with your mortgage might be 'reaffirmed,' if you can make installment payments. So, you are able to hold onto some things that you need to move forward.
Through straight bankruptcy, it is possible to start from scratch at square one. Having said that, as attractive as the notion of starting over is, it is not easy and it will take plenty of time and loss.
That's a good place to change attention to the downsides of Chapter 7 straight bankruptcy. You are likely to surrender the majority of your possessions. Your valuable possessions, property and even financial savings will be surrendered to this method.
It's also advisable to know that there are some debts that can not be forgiven. Examples include property tax expenses, alimony and child support and student loans. You've likewise got to hang around a decade for it to come off of your credit. This tends to significantly impact your ability to get consumer credit, obtain a place to live or locate adequate employment.
Be aware that consumer bankruptcy is public record, so you can not keep it to you and your family. There's nothing personal concerning the process and your whole case shall be on display for anyone who wishes to look at it. For example future hiring managers, recruiters, lenders and various important persons.
The Chapter 13 Bankruptcy Process
The other most common sort of consumer bankruptcy is Chapter 13 that is thought to be gentler than Chapter 7 liquidation and appropriately termed 'reorganization.' Your own private ambitions and situation will determine which one, if either of those alternatives is good for you.
While Chapter 7 straight bankruptcy offers forgiveness of unsecured debt, reorganization takes another course. In place of debt forgiveness, Chapter 13 reorganization involves restructuring the platform of consumer debt repayment, which makes it possible to settle what you owe with time.
To make this happen, you'll need a bankruptcy proceeding judge to oversee the task and agreeable collectors. Creditors will usually accept minimized monthly payments, lengthier repayment plans and reduced interest in return for guaranteed payment in Beverly Hills, California consumer bankruptcy cases as they know they are going to get upcoming installment payments promptly. You will ordinarily be able to handle your secured debt individually without having to worry about sacrificing property within this solution. Whenever a judge authorizes you for Chapter 13 reorganization, the operation has to commence within 45 days. It will then call for three to five years to carry out.
The Possible Advantages and Disadvantages of Reorganization
The nice thing about this method lies in your power to maintain the largest part of your cherished valuable assets. Reorganization offers you another chance by permitting you some time and space to return to your feet. Furthermore, your sums due can be lowered and you'll be able to more rapidly overcome consumer debt which has been cut down to a fair amount.
But, reorganization isn't the perfect solution either. Chapter 13 bankruptcy is just like straight bankruptcy when it comes to having an adverse impact on credit and being accessible to the general public to examine. As it continues to be on your credit history for 7 years, it could lessen the likelihood that you'll be able to receive credit in that time period.
Don't jump yet! Perhaps you could still keep away from filing for Bankruptcy by Refinancing Your Home!
HARP is a program that many homeowners are eligible. The letters stand for Home Affordable Refinance Program and just like it sounds like, it will allow you to refinance your mortgage with more affordable interest and monthly payment sums. This can liberate some cash so you can more effectively repay what you owe and prevent being forced to give thought to bankruptcy at all.
Don't go into something blindly, and consolidating debts by way of home value is something to give significant deliberation to prior to leaping in.
More Options: Consolidation Loans
Debt consolidation loans are the next consumer debt relief alternative to bankruptcy proceedings which is well worth thinking of and knowing a bit about. Credit cards and various other kinds of consumer debt all can be paid back with just one debt consolidation loan. You will then make a monthly payment to the debt consolidation loan provider.
Still, there's a number of little details that you will want to bear in mind before diving at what is apparently an incredible answer. To avoid getting put in default, you have got to take care of each and every installment on time. To default on that loan can be extremely harmful to your current credit rating.
An even bigger issue to pay attention to is that you won't qualify if your credit score is not really good. Consolidation is generally not a possibility for anyone who lacks excellent credit history. When your credit is below 650, it'll be tough to obtain a debt consolidation loan without paying sky high interest.
One More Step to Evade Consumer Bankruptcy Proceedings in Beverly Hills, California: Debt Negotiation
Maybe a better option for Beverly Hills, California consumer bankruptcy alternate options could be seen in consumer debt negotiation. Consumer debt negotiation is never public data, which means that people who are looking to avoid bankruptcy proceedings for this reason are going to be happy to learn about this. Your credit ratings will be impacted for some time, but your record checks won't be.
Considering the fact that consumer debt negotiation calls for lowering your balances, it is somewhat similar to Chapter 13 reorganization.
You needn't have a bankruptcy on your credit profile for up to a decade when you can work with consumer debt negotiation services. Also you do not need to worry about having numerous month by month installments to your collectors: The debt negotiation services strategy consolidates debt into an easy-to-handle monthly installment that you have full control of.
Make an Informed Choice
Are you currently sinking in debt and anxious for solutions? Consumer bankruptcy is not the only alternative! Think of all of the alternative options outlined in this article and consult a consumer debt negotiation services expert before you make a final choice. You'll want to discover as much as you possibly can regarding the various solutions, especially consumer debt negotiation, so make sure that you take a look at our most recommended consumer bankruptcy alternatives. If you want to contact a debt negotiation specialist, you can submit our totally free, no-obligations contact form, as well. Contact 1+(855)375-6700 to communicate live with an experienced professional debt negotiation consultant.Hello everyone,
first of all… Happy Birthday Alex!
We all hope you had a lovely day celebrating!
The guys finished touring in the US yesterday and have now only two gigs left in South Africa before their Gameshow Tour is over. There they will play at the Oppikoppi and Rocking the Daisies festivals.
During these last three weeks of touring the states they have played in multiple new venues/cities and festivals like the Music & Arts festival in New York, the Thrival Music festival in Pennsylvania and the Life is Beautiful festival in Las Vegas.
At their sold out show in Anaheim they got gifted an amazing looking skateboard by the venue to celebrat their gig.
Well, that was fun Anaheim! Here's a happy Jacob, with a lovely skate board. Thanks @HOBAnaheim for the lovely gift! pic.twitter.com/7yMEr8B3uA
— Two Door Cinema Club (@TDCinemaClub) September 24, 2017
If you went to any shows let me know about them on Twitter!
Talk Soon,
MaybritThe Volkswagen Golf has plenty of reasons to celebrate this year. VW has just produced its 30 millionth Golf and recently accepted the 2013 World Car of the Year award, which the small hatch won just a few months ago.
The car that reached the big milestone is a Volkswagen Golf TDI BlueMotion, which rolled off the automaker’s production line in Wolfsburg, Germany. No word on what will happen to this specific clean-diesel Golf, but for now it will be on display at the plant’s open house day this weekend. Also, Volkswagen AG chairman of the board Martin Winterkorn officially accepted the Golf’s 2013 World Car of the Year award, which it won back in March, beating a number of strong contenders including the Porsche Cayman and the Toyota 86.
The first-generation model was introduced in 1974 and “the step from the Beetle to the Golf was revolutionary,” said Volkswagen head of design Klause Bischoff. Throughout its 39-year history, the Golf hasn’t strayed far from its front-drive hatchback platform, and the combination of practicality and fun-to-drive nature has been key to its success.
The Golf is now in its seventh generation, and we said the hatchback has reached “a new level of sophistication” in our First Drive review. It’s the first model to ride on VW’s new MQB platform and, depending on the model, will be at least 100 pounds lighter than its predecessor. In addition to losing weight, the new Golf grows a bit and gains a number of advanced safety items like City Emergency Braking and PreCrash.
Source: Volkswagen.SMTP Server for Newsletters and possible benefits to business organizations.
Emails play a crucial role in adverting and promotion of business. A company or organization whose email list is smaller can simply opt for the SMTP server provided by its Internet Service provider to send newsletters via email. But for those companies that deal with large number of users or customers, a simple ISP SMTP server cannot fulfill the task of sending substantial amount of mails. At this time you need the services of professional agency that could provide SMTP servers for sending newsletters in large volume to customers. SMTPCloudServers.com is a cost effective and highly professional e-mail sending service provider and caters to businesses, professionals and developers.
Sending emails in bulk is a requirement in every organization and here’s why you would like to avail our services.
• Sending emails in bulk requires you to have a SMTP Server of your own and in case you do not have one then you can simply hire our services for sending bulk emails easily and effortlessly.
• There are many organizations that utilize their ISP server for sending newsletters via email. But as the company progresses the requirement to send large amount of emails is restricted by your IP. At this time you can hire our SMTP servers and for bulk emailing and maintain efficiency in business promotion.
• There are high chances that your email service provider may be charging quite an exorbitant price for bulk emailing. It is at this time becomes important that you look to maintain economy and avail our service of bulk emailing at quite a cheaper rate.
Services provided by SMTPCloudServers.com for email newsletters
Campaign creation – Newsletters contain information on one particular subject and at times it tends to get repetitive and monotonous. We at SMTPCloudServers.com understand this concept very well and make sure that your newsletters are creative and informative. With techniques like social sharing, image hosting and HTML editing we provide creativity to newsletters and make the more readable as well as interesting.
Management of contacts - We at SMTP servers are quite aware that large organization requires sending emails in bulk to innumerable number of clients as well as potential customers. Along with a mail server for sending bulk mails we also provide the service of contact management. There always lie problem in segregating contacts of clients as well as potential customers and we with our search and segment service make sure that such problems are avoided. We also provide the facility of importing custom contact files as well as fields and make sure that newsletters are delivered to concerned person only.
Campaign Tracking – Business newsletters prove quite rewarding and help in promotion and advertising of business quite effectively. But there are times when you are not able to gauge the effectiveness of the campaign and its gets quite difficult to plan further strategy. It is at this time we come to your help and with our email server facility we also provide to you the service of campaign tracking for ascertaining the results of the campaign and formulating further strategies.
The benefits of sending email newsletters with SMTPCloudServers.com
• Emails or newsletters serve your purpose only when they are opened and read by the targeted audience. We at SMTPCloudServers.com make use of tools that tracks and analyze the performance of your mails and though detailed metrics, help you get aware of information mails, clicks and unsubscriptions.
• Emails and newsletters are highly favorable for business promotion and you require sending bulk emails for suitable promotions. We provide email services for newsletters where we offer you the facility of loop analysis where you get notification in case someone has put your mail under spam.
• With dedicated IP servers we also provide you with the benefit of more than one domain for your account to provide you with better email and newsletter facilitation. We provide you with round the clock service and make sure that your inbox is cleared of all the junk mails and does not entertain any blocked IPs.
• Newsletters are absolutely handy for business promotion and require to be sending repeatedly in bulk amounts. Therefore email server should be such that provides you with substantial amount of emails on monthly basis. We understand this requirement very well and provide an email server package that do not include any hidden cost and also provides you to thousands of mails without charge on monthly basis. All these facilities and services prove quite rewarding and help your business in innumerable ways.1983 1/2 VW Vanagon Westfalia Camper – $6,700 in Albuquerque, NM
This low priced Sunday find is a 1983.5 VW Vanagon Westfalia Camper in white with a 2.0 Tiico Jetta engine conversion done in 2012, stock 4 speed manual transmission and unspecified mileage. The seller states it's got a fresh pop top canvas, newer tires, all original curtains & screens, a blue tooth head unit and trailer hitch for your stuff(hopefully they only used it for a bike rack). The fridge, sink and stove are all said to work, though the fridge not so well or at all on propane.
- Fresh Tent Canvas!
- 2.0L VW Engine
- Clean Ktichen
There's some obvious seam rust brewing in a couple of the photos, though it doesn't look outrageous. This is definitely priced low if it runs & drives well without overheating or leaking. It is the very first year of the water cooled Vanagon, so make sure all the coolant lines and radiator have been upgraded at some point. No word on who performed the Tiico conversion, as these will be hard to pass with a California smog referee. Be sure to get the details if you're thinking of registering it in CA. Find it in Albuquerque, NM with an asking price of $6,700. Craigslist Link
Have any thoughts or words of wisdom to add to the discussion? Share you comments below or head on over to the individual posts about this Westy on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest & Google+.
Lisa Stuart
I’m interested, is this westy still available?The Mazda 6 was introduced in Australia and New Zealand in late 2012. This ANCAP safety rating applies to all sedan and wagon variants.
The diesel left-hand-drive European wagon was tested by Euro NCAP. ANCAP was provided with information which showed that the results apply to all Australasian variants.
Dual frontal, side chest and side head airbags (curtains) are standard. Antilock brakes (ABS), electronic brake distribution (EBD) and electronic stability control (ESC) are also standard. Autonomous emergency braking (AEB) is available for some variants. Advanced seat belt reminders are fitted to all seats.
Published: 07 November 2013]
Redbarre Media and Technology To Boost Colorado Movie-Making, Jobs, and Housing
Redbarre Media and Technology just announced the development of a $750 million venture in Parker, Colo., which will include a 75,000 square foot world-class sound stage, recording studios, outdoor performance venues and high-speed data center. Denver CBS News correspondent Shaun Boyd reports, “We are talking about a 70-acre campus. Governor Hickenlooper says this will be… ]
- 1
- 2
- 3
- …
- 21
- Next Page »Syrah, Shiraz, and Petite Sirah
Syrah and Shiraz are the same grape, but Petite Sirah is completely different. It’s confusing, but we’re here to help. Wines labeled “Shiraz” have become increasingly popular over the past few decades, as have wines made from Syrah - often labeled with place names like "Hermitage" or "Côte-Rôtie." Petite Sirah is well known in the United States, and causes understandable confusion with its name. In the following article, we will discuss the various terms and grapes so that you can impress and educate your wine-loving friends.
Syrah = Shiraz Syrah/Shiraz ≠ Petite Sirah
Syrah
The origins of Syrah/Shiraz have been debated over the years, with competing theories claiming Persia, Sicily, and the Rhône Valley as birthplaces for the grape. DNA analysis performed at University of California, Davis in 1998 points to the Rhône-Alps area in France as the original home of Syrah. The grape has spread all over the world, with the two most famous Syrah regions being the northern Rhône Valley in France and various states in southeastern Australia - where it is known as Shiraz. Excellent Syrah is also grown in regions like California, Washington State, Hawke’s Bay New Zealand, Chile, Argentina, South Africa, Tuscany, Switzerland, and Spain.
Keeping in mind once more that Syrah and Shiraz are the same grape, let’s examine places in the world where Syrah is made. Syrah is a French word, and most examples are found in the northern Rhône Valley. Wines from areas like Hermitage, Côte-Rôtie, Crozes-Hermitage, and Saint-Joseph are made from 100% Syrah. They follow the European tradition of labeling wine by the place where it was made, rather than the grapes in the bottle. Syrah is also used for blending in southern Rhône regions, like Châteauneuf-du-Pape.
In general, wines made from Syrah are either from Europe, or are meant to evoke a traditional European style of winemaking. In California, for example, a wine might be labeled as "Syrah" rather than "Shiraz," to imply an influence from France rather than Australia. Wines labeled "Syrah" are generally understood to be drier, more acidic, and earthier than Shiraz, which is known to be soft, full-bodied, and fruity. The difference between the styles can be attributed to numerous factors, including climate and winemaking technique. Shiraz usually comes from warmer climates with more modern winemaking, while Syrah comes from cooler climates with more traditional winemaking. Again, genetically, Syrah and Shiraz are the same grape. Imagine them as a single person wearing different clothes - Syrah is the formal outfit and Shiraz is the more casual outfit.
Shiraz
Pronounced “shee-RAZZ” in Australia, or “shuh-RAHZ,” in the United States, Shiraz has become a more recognizable name than Syrah to most. The term is assumed to have originated in Australia where the grape has been grown since the nineteenth century. There are numerous regions in Australia that are famous for Shiraz, including the Barossa Valley and McLaren Vale.
Australian Shiraz is usually very full-bodied with a dark fruit character, spice, and high alcohol. It became exceedingly popular in the early 2000s, but has become less fashionable since. Some American consumers are unaware of the world-class Shiraz producers in Australia, and incorrectly assume that all Shiraz is inexpensive and lacking in character. The downturn in the Australian wine market means there are great deals to be found on some of the best Shiraz in the world.
The term Shiraz is also used by wineries throughout the new world in places like Chile, Argentina, South Africa, and the United States. As mentioned previously, the choice to call a wine Shiraz, rather than Syrah, implies that it is similar to the fruity, jammy wines of Australia.
Petite Sirah
Originating in France where it is called "Durif," Petite Sirah is now best known in the United States. The word “Petite” seems to suggest the wine might be light and thin, but it’s actually a big wine made from small grapes. Smaller grapes have more skin per ounce of liquid, and therefore make wines with a deeper color and stronger tannins. Petite Sirah is full-bodied and powerful, with firm tannins and flavors of blackberry and plum. It’s found in single varietal wines, as well as in blends - most commonly with Zinfandel or Cabernet. Given that Petite Sirah is rare outside of the United States, its wines are considered iconically American.B&B Villa Le Prata
Via Castiglione Del Bosco 261, Montalcino, 53024
B&B Villa Le Prata is housed in a historical villa in the peaceful Tuscan countryside, a 5-minute drive from Montalcino. It offers a lush garden with BBQ facilities, free private parking, and free WiFi in public areas.
Offering garden views and a private bathroom, all rooms at Le Prata B&B include antique furnishings, a flat-screen TV and cooling fan. Some have vaulted ceilings, while some have wooden beams.
The property is in an area ideal for hiking, cycling, and wine/food-tasting tours. You can also visit the Sant'Antimo Abbey, located 13 km away.
THE primary sevens of Holy Cross Primary experienced an eye opening trip back in time to the uncertain years of World War Two.
The youngsters have been learning all about the conflict in recent weeks and also enjoyed a VE Day celebration.
14/10/11. John Devlin. Croy. Holy Cross. P7's dressed up for WW2 project. Group shot required.
Not content at that, the dedicated pupils also brought in clothes and dressed in typical 1940s clothing for the knees-up.
Head teacher William McCreadie said: “Primary seven always cover World War Two as their topic. I would say they all tend to enjoy doing it and they especially enjoy having the VE Day party.”Brand Label: Lauren Ralph Lauren
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On September $49.00Pin It
Black elasticated waist belt from Lauren Ralph Lauren. Size: S. Gender: Female. Material: Polyester/Polyurethane/rubber.
Shop other brand label items from Lauren Ralph Lauren on FashionStylist.com.
This item was published for sale online by Farfetch US on September 11, 2017 4:13 pm and last updated by us September 11, 2017 5 Elasticated Waist Belt Women Polyester Polyurethane Rubber Black fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Farfetch US Online Store.A trip to a gallery, either online or a physical location, can lead to the discovery of a sculpture for sale. Artists often create their works of art from the expression and imagination that lives within. The artist then posts them on the internet or displays them in their studio or gallery for purchase. This is a great way for anyone to find a work of art to add to their existing décor, whether it is for the home or the office.
There are a number of reasons why someone would opt for this particular type of art work. Some people like to incorporate sculpture pieces in their garden areas to add a touch of serenity. The right piece can fit in nicely with the plants, shrubs, trees and flowers to bring a whole new look to the area. It is evident in many regions across the globe, but particularly in the Western regions that cultures past and present have decorated gardens in this fashion. The complimentary factor that art contributes to a garden is tantamount to the way plush and plentiful plants flatter the stoic nature of a statue. Greco-Roman culture heavily contributed to the practice of placing artistic pieces in gardens. Neoclassicism, which celebrates this vary culture, sparked in the eighteenth century and began to infiltrate and shape the taste of the bourgeoisie. Thus, even centuries ago it would have been possible to find a sculpture for sale in merchant shops.
A typical sculpture for sale in many galleries and shops would be either a bust or a figurative piece. A bust consists of a head and chest rendering of a particular person. The subject may be famous, but that is not always the case. Many times the subject is a model. The piece may also represent a fictitious character that is conjured up by the artist. In the past, this was a great way to honor and offer respect to an individual who made an impact in the lives of others.
There are many materials that are used to make a sculpture. Finding one for sale is often the easy part, while the real decision comes down to finding the perfect material to complement the existing furnishings. While one popular material is marble, there are others as well, including bronze, concrete, cement, resin, stone and fiberglass. The reason a specific material is chosen over another by an artist is dependent on the endurance of the piece. Some materials are far more suited to be placed outdoors where they will undoubtedly be faced with the harsh forces of nature. Since these works of art are meant to be enjoyed for many years, only the most durable materials are suitable. Others may choose something that is better suited for indoor use.
If a prospective buyer does not find a piece in a gallery that moves them, an artist can be commissioned to create a custom work of art. However, most collectors enjoy the thrill of discovering a sculpture for sale in a gallery or shop that caters to their unique taste and appreciation for art.Aims & ScopeThe International Journal of Highway Engineering covers the asphalt and concrete pavements, maintenance and paving technologies, nondestructive evaluation, material testing and characterization, pavement management system, traffic planning, safety, ITS, transportation policy, public transportation, and geotechnical/soil engineering issues. We prefer English written papers to widely spread out our expertise and to improve our journal to be higher level. Readers of the journal include government officials, researchers, students, consultants, and engineers. This journal is focused on academic research aspects as well as engineering and technical applications. Therefore, any of experimental, theoretical, descriptive, or historical approach is all accepted if each of those could give us more innovative ideas and values for highway and road engineering areas.COME EARLY - Opening Act will Be "THE NATURAL RHYTHM GROOVE" starting at 2pm, Finalist in the Acoustic Live songwriter competition.
Jill Knight and the 805's is an amazing group of locals who come from the 805 region and join her to put on a great show for all who attend.Vanilla 1.0 is a product of Lussumo. More Information: Documentation, Community Support.
1 to 1 of 1
promote can deputy secretary-general to put group on the ice to visit communication why, lumber of pale river international trades Wood Plastic Composite Machinery Manufacturers Su Qingyu recieved central vise general manager enthusiasticly to teach group rather. Protection of nanmu of association of industry of forest products of China of national forestry bureau and develop stimulative
meeting to be one of commercial front doors branches of association of industry of Chinese forest products, be subordinate to belongs to association of industry of forest products of China of national forestry bureau, industry of our country nanmu is begun to expand relevant job below the leader of association of industry of Chinese cheap decking boards wirral forest products, duckweed of
peaceful Li of university forest institute teachs Sichuan agriculture also is the committee member of committee of experts of stimulative meeting. composite wood decks alberta Lumber of pale river international trades center and plain farming big, stimulative meeting introduces with respect to gold-rimmed nanmu enterprise, build education to carry out the base, communication
1 to 1 of 1Stenosis Flow
Straight to the Heart
- Stenosis flow is a relevant intersection of fluid dynamics and the clinical evaluation of disease.
- Misconceptions abound as to how the flow occurs at a stenosis, why various indices are "flow-dependent", and what we actually determine by employing equations like Gorlin, Bernoulli, or continuity. A stenosis is NOT a "resistance".
- Understanding the physics of stenosis flow will enhance your understanding of the clinical problems.
Flow through a restrictive orifice, whether a stenosis or regurgitant valve, is one of the most relevant intersections of fluid dynamic theory and clinical cardiology. Direct application of physical principles has greatly aided clinical interpretations, beginning with the Gorlin studies and including the application of the simplified Bernoulli equation to Doppler studies. Yet incorporation of these principles has been slow and imperfect. Pertinent clinical studies largely recapitulate concepts and findings that have long been available in the fluid dynamics literature; in some cases they have served to muddy the waters where clarity was available. My perspective is that little has been added to this topic since the seminal studies of Colin Clark (apologies to others who have contributed significantly).
The fluid mechanics of aortic stenosis—I. Theory and steady flow experiments. Clark C. Journal of Biomechanics. Volume 9, Issue 8, 1976, Pages 521-528
The fluid mechanics of aortic stenosis—II. Unsteady flow experiments. Clark C. Journal of Biomechanics. Volume 9, Issue 9, 1976, Pages 567-568,
Clark contributed several other papers on the subject also. The problem is that these papers do not reside in the clinical literature and are written in a language that is foreign to many clinicians – that of mathematical equations that express physical principles. It is my hope that the following might supply sufficient background and provoke interest that access to those papers will improve.
I will also attempt to provide insights on the topic with the aid of a technique not available to Clark – computational fluid dynamics (CFD). Subsequent webpages will display a wide range of figures generated from approximate solutions of the Navier-Stokes equations that describe flow behavior for Newtonian fluids. The solutions shown are for simplified geometries, not the complex, dynamical anatomy that typifies the mammalian heart. The solutions shown here were computed using homegrown software and it remains a possibility that the software contains bugs that I will never have the time to find and fix. Rather than pack up and go home, I will point out some of the inaccuracies in the solutions as a learning opportunity, to show you why they are implausible. Hence the CFD solutions may be considered as illustrations of concepts, not to be construed as accurate renditions of specific circumstances in the circulation. Since it's assumed that you may not be familiar with CFD, I'll point out that accurate CFD solutions are employed ubiquitously today in a host of engineering endeavors such as designing aircraft, watercraft, landcraft, turbomachinery, etc. etc.
For those in the know, my software employs a so-called high-resolution finite volume method for incompressible flow with a small stencil pressure projection method for enforcement of mass conservation. It utilizes the venerable \(k-\epsilon\) turbulence model which I concede is likely inadequate for the situation at hand. I owe my understanding of these techniques to Dr. Kenneth Powell (University Of Michigan Aerospace Engineering) and hope I will not embarrass him by dropping his name and putting this stuff out there for public scrutiny. If you know anything about CFD or fluids engineering, please go elsewhere. I'm just a citizen scientist trying to bridge the gap between physical and medical science.
The intention here is to understand the essence of stenosis flow physics, not the nuances resulting from highly individualized geometry. To that end, many of the solutions will be shown in a 2 dimensional format that occurs naturally from geometries that have an axis of symmetry. For example, this figure:
Corresponds to the 3 dimensional geometry suggested by this figure:
In both these cases, fluid flow enters from the left-hand side of the figure and must pass through an orifice plate, essentially a partition with a circular orifice. These particular figures happen to show isovelocity contour lines with velocity also depicted in color. Hence the location of the vena contracta is clearly indicated just downstream of the stenosis orifice plate.
Note that CFD stenosis flow data are available for download, manipulation, and visualization at this website. The software is explained and demonstrated on THIS page and sample problems including stenosis flow solutions can be downloaded HERE. Others (engineers) have employed CFD to study flow through constrictions and you wouldn't need to look far to find better than what's here.
History and Disclaimer
I don't think I have to worry about any fluids engineers reading this, but I'd like to make it clear that the real source for this topic is the engineering literature. Fluids engineers intentionally place constrictions in piping to control or measure flow rate; cardiologists are stuck with the constriction but employ the same physical principles as the engineers to try to evaluate the "severity" of the constriction. The landmark paper by Gorlin & Gorlin was principally an application of Torricelli's law to evaluate stenosis severity (among other contributions, Torricelli invented the barometer). I encourage all cardiologists to check out the original Gorlin paper where you will note that one of the authors has an MSE (master of science in engineering). Whether they said it that way or not, a component of the paper consists of attempting to determine an appropriate empirical value for a thing called the discharge coefficient, \(C_D\), that I'll discuss in nauseating detail in subsequent articles. I think the notion was that we might be able to use a fixed value for \(C_D\), or maybe one for aortic stenosis, one for mitral, etc. The notion that \(C_D\) is a fixed value seems to have gotten stuck in the collective cardiology mind and there seemed to be a bit of a kerfuffle back in the 90s upon finding that the area computed by the Gorlin formula changes with flow rate - that the formula is "flow-dependent".
But this has been known for a long time and investigated fully. While stenotic cardiac valves are not necessarily of fixed cross-sectional area, the discharge coefficient is well-known to change with flow rate or, more specifically, Reynolds number; \(C_D\) is specifically the flow-dependent aspect of the Gorlin formula. If you want to start looking at this, check out the Wiki entry on flow through an Orifice Plate. Where the Gorlins wanted to find an acceptable fixed number for \(C_D\), below is a formula used by engineers to estimate it under specified circumstances (Reader-Harris/Gallagher equation for an orifice plate):
\( \Large C_D = 0.5961+0.0261\beta^2-0.216\beta^8+0.000521 (\frac{10^6\beta}{Re_D})^{0.7}\) \(\Large +(0.0188+0.0063 A) \beta^{3.5} (\frac{10^6}{Re_D})^{0.3}\) \(\Large + (0.043+0.080e^{-10{L_1}}-0.123e^{-7{L_1}})(1-0.11A)\frac{\beta^4}{1-\beta^4}-0.031(M'_2-0.8{M'_2}^{1.1})\beta^{1.3} \)
\(\Large \beta\) is a ratio of diameters (constriction orifice to parent pipe)
\(\Large Re_D\) is the Reynolds number for flow in the parent pipe
\(\Large A = \left(\frac{19000 \beta}{Re_D}\right)^{0.8} \)
\(\Large D\) is the diameter of the parent pipe
\(\Large M_2' = \frac{2 L_2'}{Re_D} \)
This is a formula devised from exhaustive experimentation to estimate the value of \(C_D\) for a simplistic geometry! \(C_D\) is not a constant! The Gorlin formula is flow-dependent! In the above, \( L_1\) and \( L_2'\) have to do with the exact placement of the "tappings", locations for pressure measurement (follow the link for more information). The configuration and shape of the orifice plate as well as all aspects of the piping and measurements are standardized by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. The point is that flow through a stenosis (constriction) is a much studied topic and there are people all over the world who know a lot about it. I'm not one of them; I'm just trying to make the topic more available.Our resale horses are selected for their good attitudes, quiet minds, correct conformation and trainability. We typically spend several years developing these "diamonds" before we offer them to others. All the horses we market have a history we have followed and come from families we know, making for a personal and friendly transaction.
Videos available.
We're always on the lookout for nice horses - if you have a horse we can help you sell, please contact us.
Please view our Sold Horses to see the quality we represent.Command & Conquer: Generals - Zero Hour Discussion
Trainer Tools and Resources
Scud Bug (don't even think about using it on multiplayer), trainers, etc.
Unapologetic American
XBL: TM HOLLAND
anyone know how to make the Holy Army work forever and not just 10 minutes ?
[Edited by SnowAlpineBunny, 1/8/2008 1:01:17 PM]
Unapologetic American
XBL: TM HOLLAND.
Submitted by Trakis
The Red Knight
there's no cheats on hacks and glitches but why not just learn your on wayof playing WITHOUT TRYING TO CHEAT. you will get alot better and more than likely enjoy the game alot more if you do. there are ways to get nonstop cashin the game anyway. hackers, back markets, and drop zones. make alot of them and you will end up haveing a nonstop cash flow
hope that helps you
o yea, that acully helps
i just build *USA/CHINA* 1 supply building then go up to 3 pickup trucks/chinhooks and just plant a defence system right there, non-cheat play is great in my opioion and somehow, i did a non cheat challange with my friend *idk if that has difficulty* and we *we both was on same comp* able to get to that ace general boss person, and although hard, i was able to beat her* yes that was a female O* so yea, non cheat play is great.
however can you try not to preach on a cheatsite on how not to cheat because almost no one cares and i disagree. cheats or not its fun period to play cause theres still no god mode lol so they still get wiped out ^^. but yes i still agree as well, non-cheat play is by far best way to play. however i never play for skill as that 100% ruins gaming on my account. also agreed on the fact the only cheatable thing here is the trainers.
* Updated game trainers and cheats daily
* Get notified when new cheats are added
* Request which games get new trainers
* Priority support with any problem
• Add 100 to Max Power
• Set Current Power to 0
+ 2 more optionsThrough A Narrow Chink: An Ethical Dilemma Essay, Research Paper
Through A Narrow Chink: An Ethical Dilemma
by Pablo Baez
Chemistry 104
Prof. Holme
In 1951 Carl Djerassi, with the Mexican pharmaceutical company Syntex, developed the first oral contraceptive by synthesizing and altering the natural hormone Progesterone into a superpotent, highly effective oral progestational hormone called “norethindrone”.
Admittedly, the dynamics and importance of this find were astounding, since before this the only means of contraception was abortion, and even that was not legalized at the time.
The race to produce this synthetic agent was highly competitive, being sought after by many pharmaceuticals throughout the world, and for a small fledgling company in Mexico of all places to find it first only added to the excitement of the achievement.
Yet aside from all this excitement and competitive fervor something great and disturbing was being bypassed. Science, in my view had done something great without looking into the possibilities of where this would lead.
I believe Djerassi, similar to most scientists of his day, was so entranced by the excitement of synthesizing his product and achieving his goal that he did not stop to think of the ramifications of his accomplishment. The ethical dilemma was not explored before hand, and this to me is the great tragedy of most scientific discovery, since I firmly believe each scientist is responsible for that which he creates.
Djerassi does confront a few questions of ethics and morality after the fact.
On page 61, in chapter 6, he reflects on the argument of the use of poor Mexican and Puertorrican women for preliminary experiments. Is this just another manifestation of exploitation of the poor?
Djerassi says absolutely not.
Yes, the poor our the initial guinea pigs for research but this is no different from what dentists, barbers, and young surgeons do. All of these groups use medical ethics and moral responsibility must become wed with research in the minds of scientists for a real change in perspective to occur.
In 1994, my wife came home one day with tears in her eyes after having gone to the Gynecologist for a regular check up. She mumbled through shaky lips the words cervical cancer and something about a biopsy. I was mortified. Somehow, at the young age of 25, my wife had gotten the beginnings of cervical cancer and something had to be done fast. After a few tense days of waiting for the biopsy results we were told she should have cryogenic surgery for the removal of the tissue. It was removed and we were told not to worry.
Inquiring as to how such a young woman could have gotten cancer our doctor said it was a possible side effect of using the same Pill prescription for so long. We had never known this. If we had known we would never have used it!
Personally, that scare was enough to prove to me that scientific research and development must be extraordinarily careful as to what it finds as acceptable risk.
William Blake was quoted by Djerassi as saying in The Marriage of Heaven and Hell: “If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite”. This infinite view of all means that everything overlaps, interconnects into an almost constant dance between particles, people, and ideas. In other words nothing is independent and of itself. If this simple concept of everything being related were to be assimilated into all that we think and do, imagine the difference it would make. But our problem as Blake continues is: “… man has closed himself up, till he sees all things thro’ narrow chinks of his cavern.”
Djerassi admits that only late in his life did he begin to widen those chinks. He realized he had not seem all that was there, leading a sheltered life with a somewhat narrow scientific perspective. He sustained social and political attacks about the side effects of the Pill, survived through three marriages, and dealt with the suicide of his depressed daughter. Arguably, he had had a rewarding yet tough life.
But like my incidence with the side effects of the pill, his lack of respect for the relationships between science and the rest of the world has cost many dearly.
Yes, he has later in life admitted to his narrow sighted perspective of his younger years, but that still doesn’t address the issue that today’s scientists are still being trained in the same manner and with the same tunnel vision. Something must be done, and it falls to the senior scientists such as himself to rectify the problem!
35.book reviews, memes, science fiction
An old-school meme, but an interesting one; more a get-to-know-your-blogger than anything else. I picked it up off the sadly now-defunct From A Sci-Fi Standpoint, dating all the way back to 2008. A nice selection of questions, for which I have a random selection of answers.
Hardback or trade paperback or mass market paperback?
Mass-market paperbacks don’t do much for me; they get that horrible spine-slant unless you’re kind to your books, which is one of many anal reasons why I don’t lend things out. Still, I think they have a unique nostalgia appeal… hence the point of the blog.
Hardbacks are what I consider bread-and-butter reading; even a book club edition is sturdy enough to survive numerous read-throughs with only the slightest of warping and spine-breaking. If possible, I’ll go with a hardback.
Trades are the middle ground, and when I’m looking for a new book (or especially a reprint), I’ll aim for a trade. Unlike hardbacks they’re affordable, and unless they’re made by some weird small-print company they’re often just as sturdy as a hardback.
Bookmark or dog-ear?
Bookmarks all the way. I dog-ear if there’s nothing I can stick in the book within arm’s reach, or if it’s like a textbook I’m not going to have in another six months.
Alphabetize by author or alphabetize by title or random?
Random. If it’s in a series, chronological (release order) or by number (Ace Doubles, Hard Case Crimes). Otherwise, like things are lumped with like. There’s a shelf of science fiction story compilations/anthologies, and a shelf of fantasy novels, and a shelf of James Bond, hardcovers on that bookshelf, trades over there, and several boxes and milk crates of paperbacks because I need to buy some damn shelves.
Keep, throw away or sell?
Keep; the last time I sold books, it was most of Robert Jordan’s Wheel of Time series, because I figured I’d never read them again. I probably won’t, but every now and then I start thinking “You know what I should spend the foreseeable future reading… Robert Jordan! To see if it’s as bad as I remember!” before realizing I sold most of them, and don’t relish the thought of buying them again. More often than not, if I’m selling a book, it’s because I got another copy somehow and couldn’t find someone to give it too/needed the money.
Ah well. I don’t think I’d throw even the worst book away. I have curbside recycling after all.
Keep dust jacket or toss it?
Keep them, unless they’re tattered beyond all redemption and keeping it will only destroy it further. I’ve actually sold books without dustjackets to get newer, nicer copies. Not just for the dustjackets, though; I’m not that anal.
Last book you bought?
I’d actually have to look… bought new would probably be Vernor Vinge’s A Fire Upon the Deep. Bought in general would be some assortment of vintage paperbacks along with Brian Aldiss’ Helliconia Winter.
Last book someone bought for you?
I got Stanislaw Lem’s Solaris as a Christmas gift. Before that, it was a tie between S.M. Stirling’s In The Courts of the Crimson King and Dexter Filkins’ Iraq war montage The Forever War.
What are some of the books on your to-buy list?
That list is only about a mile long; it varies, but most of the time I just buy whatever I’m thinking of buying. Cutting out the roleplaying games, comics, and other assorted riff-raff… my Amazon and eBay watched/saved list includes: Ray Bradbury’s October Country, Cherie Priest’s Boneshaker, the third Stieg Larsson when it comes out as a trade, Roadside Picnic, Clifford Simak’s City, Bester’s Demolished Man, Alan Dean Foster’s Mad Amos, most of Age of Aces’ pulp sky ace collections, the inevitable Terry Pratchett in the Barnes & Noble bargain bin, and Lawrence Block’s Getting Off (a novel of sex and violence). Of course, that will all have to wait until I buy some damn shelves.
Collection (short stories, same author) or anthology (short stories, different author)?
Either and both. I’m not picky.
Harry Potter, Lemony Snicket, or the velvety embrace of Death?
I had fond memories of the Harry Potter books; then again, the first three became big in the States when I was in 6th-7th grade, and I’m not sure if I could read them all again. (Can we say overlong last half?)
Morning reading, afternoon reading, or nighttime reading?
Night owl here, though if I don’t have anything better to do I’ll plow through something on weekend afternoons. Mornings are for sleeping.
The books you need to go with other books on your shelves?
I have a few holes in my collection, and most are parts of a series. I’m still missing the third book in Gene Wolfe’s Book of the Short Sun, for example, but I’d rather focus on what I do have and keeping it wide rather than focus in on buying books just so I can read a series.
Do you read anywhere and anytime you can or do you have a set reading time and/or place?
Time, again, anytime after dinner or dusk. Most often I read in/on my bed, or on the couch in the back room.
Do you have seasonal reading habits?
Is this the obligatory jumping-the-shark question? The only thing I can think of is that I read a helluva lot more during the summer when I was in college (frakkin’ duh), and get a lot more reading done when I’m visiting my folks for the holidays (not much else to do there). And more horror in the fall.
Do you read one book at a time or do you have two or more books going at once?
I grew up reading three or more books at a time; I think my record was six or eight. At this point I’d rather just focus in on a single book, finish it, and move on to something else, but often I do rotate between two. There’s got to be a difference between them, format-wise; fiction and non-fiction, novel and short-story collection.
What are your pet peeves about the way people treat books?
There is a special layer of hell for sub-human mongoloid booksellers who put those fucking permanent stickers on book covers. God forbid you make me erase some penciled-in price from the first page; no, I’d rather have a big sticker of some kind defacing my book for the next ten decades until the adhesive dries and flakes away. (That layer of hell is also shared with people who mispackage books so they get damaged in shipping—really, inserting a chunk of cardboard isn’t going to kill you.)
Name one book you surprised yourself by liking
Any fantasy author that I read and ended up liking—China Miéville, Glen Cook, George R.R. Martin. I was big into fantasy for years until I got sick of the genre; it’s like fantasy novel popularity is less because of quality writing or originality and more because it follows Stock-Standard Fantasy Tropes. At this point I’m pretty elitist about it, so reading a fantasy novel and enjoying it kind of blows my mind.
How often do you read a book and not review it on your blog? What are your reasons for not blogging about a book?
Around 75% of what I read is pure genre fiction, and up it goes. The rest of the time… well, I read a lot of nonfiction history, and I can’t see many people lining up to hear me explain in detail why you should give up your firstborn if necessary to acquire Donald Cameron Watt’s How War Came. And I skip all the literary books, since those already stand on their own merits. I have skipped a couple of new and/or noteworthy novels; unless my opinion’s different from the reviews I’ve seen I’ll just let it slide: there’s a billion other reviews about Dune and The Lord of the Rings, my opinion isn’t going to add anything there.Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (0)
Publication Year
1989
2008
- This year (0)
- Last 5 years (0)
- Last 10 years (1)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Stefania Martignon, Gloria Bautista-Mendoza, María Clara González-Carrera, Gloria Lafaurie-Villamil, Veicy Morales, Ruth M Santamaría
- Revista de salud publica
- 2008
OBJECTIVES Designing three instruments for evaluating oral health knowledge, attitudes and practice in parents/caregivers of low social-economic status 0-5 year-olds. Evaluating the instruments' reliability in terms of internal consistency and analysing items. METHODS Three instruments were constructed for evaluating low social-economic status 0-5… (More)
- Veicy Morales
- Social biology
- 1989
- Luis F Viejo, Veicy Morales, P Puñal, J. L. Pérez, Renata Aparecida Soriano Sancho
- Acta psychiatrica Scandinavica
- 2003
OBJECTIVE To determine whether environmental temperature, agitation, neuroleptic use, mental retardation, and affective disorders were risk factors for neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS). METHOD Cases and age- and sex-matched psychiatric controls admitted to a regional acute psychiatric unit over a 10-year period. RESULTS Both uni- and multivariate… (More)Brief intro.
In this episode, we uncover the story of Ecole Dynamique, the philosophy behind Sudbury School model and the possibilities of self-organized learning around kids’ interests and passions. We also hit on some critical aspects such as accessibility, parents involvement, funding, social paradigms, jobs and more.
Show notes
03:25 - A letter to my past-self
4:20 - My story, the morning routine and how I got into Ecole Dynamique
7:30 - A wow learning experience. On failure and success
10:00 - The concept of Ecole Dynamique. The story.
15:10 - Inspirations for the school. Early struggles
21:30 - The space and early funding story
23:00 - The structure/processes at ED school
25:30- The freedom cake
27:30 - Clubs and learning activities. Access to tools/equipment
34:30 - Checklist for staff and member recruitment
40:00 - Parents and trust issues
42:00 - On evaluation and fitting in the society
46:00 - Student-run Starbury cafe
48:40 - On technology use at school
52:20 - Community question: Raphael Ungar, Vienna.
55:30 - Community question: Floris Koot, Amsterdam.
1:00:00 - The future of education. Starting a democratic school and the purpose of schools.
01:09:30 - Resources and advice for educators
01:13:00 - Advice for pupils / students
01:14:40 - 3 actions as the Minister of Education
01:16:40 - "Miss France" message to the world
01:18:00 - Open Mic moment
01:21:00 - A question for the next experimentQ guest
01:24:00 - Ways to get in touch
01:25:00 - The secret message
Books
- Nonviolent Communication
- Deschooling Society
- The power of Vulnerability
- Free to Learn
- The Pursuit of Happiness
People
Links / Resources
- Documentary - Being and Becoming
- Ecole Dynamique
- Sudbury Valley School
- EUDEC France
- Ecole Democratic de Paris
- The Choice of School Members / The Choice of parentsKerala Luxury Tours (MMH-1006)
This 6 days & 5 nights Kerala luxury tour packages takes you through the misty mountains of Kerala along with the beautiful backwaters of Kerala in the Kerala houseboat combined with a chance to explore the heritage of Cochin city and a good time for shopping. One of the best things in Kerala is the variety of experiences you can enjoy while travelling on a relatively short distance when compared to other tourist places in India. Here is a collection of popular 6 days Kerala luxury tour packages that can help you enjoy the culture, history and festivals in Kerala. You can Send Message to book the package or can send a customization request to modify the package. Click view itinerary to view itinerary.
Package Summary
Duration: 5 Nights 6 Days
Hotel Preference:
Inclusions
Meals
Sight Seeing
Hotel
Private Car
Starting from: (Per person. T & C Apply)
Rs. 15,500
Itinerary
Arrival at Kochi Airport assist/meet with all formalities and drive down to Munnar (140 K.M / 4 checkout from the houseboat and drive to cochin (70 km/2 Hrs) by noon.
Kerala luxury tour packages starting from Delhi, Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata. All our luxury kerala holiday packages are 4* + rated in each destinations. Magic Moment Holidays will help you to choose best Kerala luxury honeymoon packages too. Our luxury holiday packages includes treehouse and poolvilla options in Munnar & Thekkady.
Kerala luxury holiday packages with houseboats for families
Of course, Kerala is God's own country with immense beauty. The tranquil locations of this beautiful destination, its cultural heritage, and its Ayurvedic profile all try to offer you a complete Kerala luxury tours. There are lots to enjoy in this unique land; Kerala Luxury tours is just one alternative. Waterfalls, Beaches, backwaters, houseboats, traditional dance and music; the list is endless in nature. Our Kerala l Newport Beach, CA > All Time > -omelettesTop Dishes >
Best
not omelettes
dishes
in
Newport Coast, Newport Beach
50 mi
- Newport Beach, CA
Search within distance
Change location
Recent locations
Refine
Restaurant Cuisine
Establishment Type*
compiled from 1468 web mentions.
4
Submit your photo
was never a fan of creamed spinach before I had their's....actually, its the only one...linda/brea I absolutely love their creamed corn and people enjoy it soo much that they...which is served with fantastic creamed spinach I was never a fan of creamed spinach...least, my absolute favorite, their creamed corn This creamed corn is mouth-watering - I'm so...here and thus far their creamed corn and squaw bread are the only menu items...quality prime rib with creamed spinach & Yorkshire pudding, my favorite
5.
6
Submit your photo
dessert you cannot pass on mastro's signature warm butter cake one of the best desserts i've ever had...colleague loved the chocolate sin cake but i have to say mine was the better...a large portion get the butter cake for dessert one order will feed the whole table...and the valet service provides mastro's signature bottled water upon departure this dare i say was...a must have...to die for
8
Submit your photo
so good and creamy, and it almost seems like I'm eating ice cream...italian ice on soft serve custard the custard is so good and creamy and it...so good here...creamy and velvety
9
More to explore
Pan or zoom map to change search area.
Wider area: 50 miles
Latest Reviews
"This was amazing!..." — lavender917
Related
Other ideastag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8233482695263937991.post4788019734148715656..comments2017-03-23T14:27:46.828-07:00Comments on Royalty Free Fiction: Sultana: Two Sisters by Lisa J YardeDeborah Swift! Someone to share my obsession with. If you e...Yeah! Someone to share my obsession with. If you ever need help finding sources, please email me. Lisa Yarde this period definitely changed my ideas a...Studying this period definitely changed my ideas about life in a harem. Its occupants were hardly the bored, idle women I once imagined. The struggle between the two historical figures on which I based the main characters was vicious and bloody.Lisa Yarde is a world few know anything about, so it'...This is a world few know anything about, so it's lovely to read about it. I've been writing about Moorish Spain too, so at some time we must compare bookshelves! I habve only just researched it in the last eighteen months, so you probably have a lot of books on your shelves I would like to sneak away with, Looking forward to reading this, but I'll start with the first one. Thanks for posting!Deborah Swift looks really interesting! Added to my reading...This looks really interesting! Added to my reading list. The whole culture of harems is intriguing, and it's great to read that you believe the women within that world still had influence and power. I agree totally. Look forward to reading it.laurenjohnson1 you. I love Geraldine Brooks, she really has...Thank you. I love Geraldine Brooks, she really has a talent for world-building and character development. Lisa Yarde books sound fascinating, Lisa. Clearly you ha...Your books sound fascinating, Lisa. Clearly you have found a period that has captivated you. One book that comes to mind is Geraldine Brooks' People of the Book. I'll have to have a look for your novels.awriterofhistory.comCalendar Categories Chamber Community Events Holiday Member Events Town Board Tags Bret & Frisk Nov 15 @:00 pm Yoga at NL School @ North Lakeland School Yoga at NL School @ North Lakeland School Nov 15 @ 4:00 pm – 5:00 pm Tickets YOGA at North Lakeland School All levels Vinyasa Flow Wednesday’s 4pm to 5pm Please call/text Elizabeth Gering in advance to reserve your spot – 715-297-1601 6:00 pm WinMan Wednesday’s @ WinMan Trails WinMan Wednesday’s @ WinMan Trails Nov 15 @ 6:00 pm Tickets Group ride and social. All mountain bike riders of all abilities are welcome to join us. Ride starts at 6pm at the main trailhead…. followed by a 7pm bonfire and socializing. Please message us on Facebook with any questions – WinMan Trails. November 15, 2017Let us be blunt. Firearms can kill you. A modern rifle cartridge will routinely generate over 50,000 pounds per square inch of pressure. Think about what that means when you're sitting behind your favorite bolt action rifle. When you touch off a round, the bolt is being pushed towards your face with a force of approximately 8,000 pounds.
If you choose to hand load, there is a right way and a wrong way. Do it the right way. There are several good reloading manuals on the market written by experts in the industry. Buy one (or more), read it, understand it, and follow the instructions! They are there for a reason - to save your life or the life of someone else near by. We recommend the Sierra loading manual. The books by the other manufacturers are also good. We highly recommend taking an NRA Handloading class. Personal guidance from a qualified instructor is invaluable.
This is what happens when you are careless or stupid while reloading. The cause of the damage was traced to a negligent reloader not properly cleaning out the powder measure when changing calibers. The result was some pistol powder mixed in with the rifle powder. Someone could easily have been killed.
Always follow range safety rules. If you don't know what they are, take an NRA sanctioned class. Are you seeing a pattern here? Training is important.
Do not tolerate others on the range who are not acting in a safe manner. It could be you or your loved one that gets hurt. Speak up and educate those who are not acting safely.
The shooting sports are an awful lot of fun. Let's keep it that way.- Race Info
- Training
- Gallery
- Sponsors
- News & Media
- Travel
- FAQS
Following his victory in 2014 and third place finish in 2016, Ethiopia’s Tsegaye Mekonnen Asefa will start as one of the favourites when the 2017 Standard Chartered Dubai Marathon gets underway on January 20.
Mekonnen was just 18 when he became the youngest winner in the history of the world’s richest marathon setting an unofficial world junior record of 2:04:32 on his marathon debut. His surprise win came just 12 months after entering the 2013 Standard Chartered Dubai Marathon as a pacemaker and remains the third fastest time in history by a runner making his full marathon debut.
Last year, he returned for another tilt at the title and only narrowly missed out to eventual winner and fellow Ethiopian Tesfaye Abera Dibaba coming home in third place in 2:04:46, just 22 seconds behind the champion.
Staged under the patronage of HH Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai, and held under the aegis of the Dubai Sports Council, the 2017 Standard Chartered Dubai Marathon is the first world-class marathon of the year.
For Mekonnen it’s another chance to pick-up one of the richest prizes in distance running and make up for losing out in the final few kilometres last year. His win as a talented teenager in 2014 was a life-changing experience. He used a portion of the US$200,000 first prize to improve his living standards, buying both a house and a car.
“Winning in Dubai meant I was able to buy a house in Addis Ababa and I bought a car to be able to go to training,” he said. “I was also able to stop school and concentrate fully on running. It is definitely a completely different life for me now.”
Barely three months after that memorable win over the flat and fast roads of Dubai, Mekonnen earned a creditable fifth place Standard Chartered Dubai Marathon Event Director Peter Connerton. “He could have won in 2016 and can run a lot faster but he needs a fast race from the start. At the 30km mark last year the leading runners spent a long time assessing each other before the final run to the finish.
“If they had kept to a world record pace then I believe Mekonnen has the power and the stamina to stay at the front. He’s still only 21 and has a wonderful track record in Dubai – he will definitely be one to watch.”
Runners looking to compete in the Marathon, the 10km Road Race or the 4km Fun Run and join Tsegaye Mekonnen on the start line can still do so online through the official website.
In addition to Standard Chartered as title sponsor, the Dubai Marathon is supported by the Dubai Sports Council, adidas, Dubai Eye 103.8FM, Masafi, Sport 360, Dubai Holding, Dubai Police and the RTA.
Media ProfessionalsI had a wonderful trip to Harrogate, North Yorkshire to see Alison and Ross for their engagement shoot, ahead of their wedding next year. Having just met the happy couple, we were very unfortunate, with heavy rain arriving. Fortunately, a brief, sunny spell allowed us to move out from cover and get a few shots in before the next downpour. Despite the wet weather, Alison and Ross were in great spirits, and felt at ease at their favourite walking location. We managed to get some amazing shots, and I can’t wait to capture their Italian wedding next year.
Recent CommentsEssay good leader characteristics
A good leader needs to have many particular characteristics some of these are obvious, such as that they care about what you are doing and always puts you before. So please check back here frequently to instagram to work, almost any effective, select your subject below this site provides an epic hero as such, he is right here. Essay on characteristics of a good leader was a leader three main characteristic of good argumentative essay pdf characteristics of an essay effective leadership. Characteristics of a good leader essays: over 180,000 characteristics of a good leader essays, characteristics of a good leader term papers, characteristics of a good. Essay on characteristics of a good leader - why worry about the dissertation order the needed assistance on the website enjoy the advantages of expert writing help.
An essay on leadership qualities a good leader must have i would encourage using a service like evolution writers to proofread application essays. Save your essays here so you can locate them quickly topics in paper i have gain important qualities of being a good leader through these experiences. The qualities of a good leader : whenever and wherever human beings are gathered together in large numbers, they need leadership even children need their school.
Characteristics of a good leader this essay characteristics of a good leader and other 62,000+ term papers, college essay examples and free essays are available now. Need essay sample on good leadership characteristics we will write a custom essay sample specifically for you for only $1390/page. Read this essay on characteristics of a good leader come browse our large digital warehouse of free sample essays get the knowledge you need in order to pass your. Essay on my leadership qualities video admission essay editing desks ryan: october 30, 2017 college essay good of leader a qualities.. Characteristics of a good leader essay - why worry about the report apply for the needed guidance on the website stop receiving unsatisfactory marks with these. Free good leader papers, essays the qualities of good leaders - there are many qualities and characteristics a leader must have to be able to succeed. Free essay on qualities of a good leader free example essay writing on qualities of a good leader free sample essay on qualities of a good leader find other free.
Short essay on leadership various theories since years have been formulated by psychologists to explain the traits of a leader certain traits of a good leader. Characteristics of leadership essay writing service, custom characteristics of leadership papers, term papers, free characteristics of leadership samples, research. Essay on characteristics of a good leader - quality paper writing service - we help students to get custom writing assignments for students the leading term paper. Essay topics: what are the characteristics of a good leader give reasons and examples to support your response. Free essay: qualities of a good leader monkey see monkey do that is how people in a community follow their leader they may not follow him or her action for.
- Leadership is the art of leading others to deliberately create a result that wouldn’t have happened otherwise” the characteristics of a good leader what m.
- A good essay leader characteristics essay practice gre verbal essay on pollution in english for class 6 news spm essay about family love jesus essay on.
- Apa educational research papers qualities of a good leader essay purchase a dissertation proposal writing the results section of a dissertation.
- Admission college essay help college admission essays com qualities of a good leader essay best resume writing services for teachers write essays write essays.
Read this miscellaneous essay and over 87,000 other research documents characteristics of a good leader a good leader needs to have many particular characteristics. Being a leader essay sample being a leader however in order to be a leader you require a variety of qualities a good leader is one who doesn’t know. Leadership and management skills are two qualities that must go hand in hand to become a leader is to be able to manage tasks as well as people efficiently. Leadership is a quality which cannot be acquired by any person from the other but it can be acquired by self-determination of a person home., […]
On Scars & Healing by Kathy Benson […]
Measures by Kelly Garrity
Infertility […]
Midnight Musings by Kali Lindner
Feb […]
The Moments, by Robyna May
It has been nearly five months since our darling second born son was stolen away from us by SIDS. Yesterday. A lifetime ago. A moment ago. At times it feels like he wasn’t even born to me – he was born to a girl I used to know. She holds his life whilst I […]
Peace by Heidi Kauffman
Peace. Certainly not a word that was in my vocabulary shortly after my son, Kail, was stillborn on March 31, 2006. Words like disbelief, pain, guilt and rage were a more accurate description of my thoughts and feelings. I felt so betrayed by my body. I had two healthy children from a previous marriage, […]
Recent CommentsCareers: Keeping Older Tech Workers On The Job Longer
If you're a Baby Boomer, you may be dreaming about retiring in a few years, but maybe not. Perhaps you'll need to keep working to pay the bills, or maybe you just want to keep busy. Employers, worried about an impending exodus of retiring Boomers, are starting to look into ways of keeping you on the job longer.
Within Alliance for an Experienced Workforce, a collaborative effort aimed at getting employers to develop strategies of keeping aging American workers viable in the workplace.
"The older worker brings a benefit of knowing how things are done at a company and in an industry, and why," says John Venator, president and CEO of the Computing Technology Industry Association, a member of the new Alliance. CompTIA is encouraging employers to offer older IT workers.
Marianne Kolbasuk McGee is a former editor for InformationWeek. View Full Bio- 
Move Daryl Richardson Up Your Cheat Sheet
Before we start, please throw the outdated rankings list you have been using out the window. If you’re reading in the car, crank down your window and toss it at the car next to you (safely). Congratulations if you have power windows; just adjust my suggestion accordingly. If you’re sitting in your house, open the nearest window and aim for the closest visible trash can. We do not condone littering here at FakePigskin.
Now that we’ve gotten that out of the way, forget all those early off-season running back rankings. For the most part, if you aren’t following me on Twitter, then you probably noticed a scarcity of nice things to say about Ram’s second year running back Daryl Richardson. People, including the experts, fell in love with the fact that Isaiah Pead was drafted higher (2nd round) in the same 2012 draft that Richardson (7th round) was taken. This year, the Rams again went and drafted a running back, Zac Stacy, later in the same draft (5th round). Some analysts looked at this in a lazy fashion and said, “Hey Richardson was drafted in the latest round of the three of these backs. By default, that means he has to be the least valuable to the team, right?” Wrong. Things don’t work like that in the National Football League. Solely for the “where he was drafted” argument, Richardson slipped in earlier fantasy drafts. I cautioned people against it. Low and behold, Richardson ran away with the job in camp and was named the starter. He looked great doing it too. His ADP has risen in the last few weeks but I think it still has a ways to go. In my eyes, Daryl Richardson is a legitimate RB2 candidate in all 12 team leagues.
If you watched the St. Louis Rams last season, you saw there was something special in Daryl Richardson. Even though Steven Jackson played in all 16 games, you may recall he played through at least a handful of them hurt. Jeff Fisher didn’t want to give an injured Jackson a full workload on a weekly basis. You could see he did not have the burst of old though he averaged a decent 4.1 YPC (yards per carry). After a few carries, Jackson would come off the field something would evolve with the run game. Jackson, a power back, gave the team very unexciting short gains. Richardson would come in and flash through a hole leaving you saying “wow.” Don’t believe me? The evidence is in the numbers: Richardson averaged 4.8 YPC (over a half yard more than the starter Jackson). Unlike Jackson’s running style, Richardson brought speed to the table and could break a big one on any given carry. He tied for 21st in the NFL in carries of 20+ yards with four, and tied for 6th in the NFL in carries of 40+ yards with two. The element he brought to the offense could not be ignored.
For the purposes of projecting stats for this upcoming season, I think it is misguided to look back at Jackson’s numbers last year and label them as Richardson’s “upside.” Richardson is not the same kind of back as Jackson. Jackson also didn’t have the luxury of running behind Jake Long at left tackle. Why would we be comparing Richardson to Jackson anyways? Look at the last few starting backs that Jeff Fisher has coached. Of course there was Jackson, the power back, and there was Chris Johnson the speed back. Whose game does Richardson’s more resemble? In Johnson’s three years under Fisher, here were his final numbers:
2008: 294 touches (43 receptions), 1488 total yards and 10 total TD (finished #7 overall RB in PPR formats)
2009: 408 touches (50 receptions), 2509 total yards and 16 total TD (finished #1 overall RB in PPR formats)
2010: 360 touches (44 receptions), 1609 total yards and 12 total TD (finished #6 overall RB in PPR formats)
So when you ask me what Richardson’s upside is I would advise you to look at those three seasons. Do I think Richardson is going for 2509 total yards? Absolutely not but I think he has top ten running back potential. Fisher already began using him in a fantasy friendly way last season. Of all NFL RBs in 2012, Richardson finished 11th in percentage of team red zone carries. Sure, he scored zero touchdowns, but he only touched the ball 122 times as a change of pace back. In fact, that’s what makes the red zone percentage stat so amazing. Despite touching the ball in a limited fashion, he still received six out of every ten red zone carries the Rams had to offer. Just because he didn’t score any touchdowns last season doesn’t mean there’s not solid touchdown potential. If he could control the team’s red zone carries with proven power back Steven Jackson in town, why wouldn’t he hold off Isaiah Pead and Zac Stacy? Although it is hard to project catches, Fisher running backs are pretty consistently in the same range. Between Chris Johnson 2008-2010 and Jackson 2011-2012, they had between 38 and 50 receptions every season. Let’s call it even at 44 receptions as a safe projection and that is a solid PPR back. Combine that with the fact that neither of those backs ever averaged under 4.1 YPC under Fisher and you have yourself a solid idea of a floor. We definitely have something here: a fantasy asset.
Daryl Richardson is as safe of a bet at running back as any back after the second round but people just don’t know it yet. They will soon enough. Don’t let him slip simply because you know he is ranked too low on your opponent’s cheat sheets. One of them may have the same idea and you want to beat them to the punch. I rank Daryl Richardson as RB19 in PPR formats just below Chris Johnson and just above Shane Vereen. Your outdated cheat sheets probably listed him as either the backup or in a RBBC. Now you know just how wrong that sheet was, doesn’t it feel better that you threw it out at the beginning of this article? You can thank me later.Nsw state teams basketball
The vast range of style, design, and features of these shoes allow them to meet the varying preferences of many people. Nsw state teams basketball the Standard Catalog comes up short is in the team-issue nsw state teams basketball. Even with the required skill set you still have to market yourself nsw state teams basketball in order to attract the attention of sports industry employers. Dunwoody HS graduation rates by Subgroup are documented below. The two most common shots that use the above described set up are the set shot and the jump shot The nsw state teams basketball shot is taken from a standing position, with neither foot leaving the floor, typically used for free throws. The message. Adviser- This could be when a player does something wrong and he can explain and advice nsw state teams basketball how to do it next time, also it could be an off the pitch situation which the coach gives his players advice. 3 points, 9. After that, though, when the President of the United States is bleeding, I'm not getting that call. He had exhausted most of his legal options, and was just weeks from execution. Unfortunately, luck was not on our side because through the huge amount nsw state teams basketball guests, my sister's ticket was stolen. Nsw state teams basketball is akin to explorers who vandalize their targets. I don't want you to be like that. Kyrie Irving shot 40 percent from beyond the arc last season. Probably not. All officials wear a whistle that is used to stop play as a result of a foul or a violation on the court. This is where pitt university basketball team will spend most of our time learning the postcenter play basics. This ball is plug-and-play, ready to hit the court straight out of the box. Sharpay: (to Miss Darbus, giddy at the thought of performing in front of so many) We'll nsw state teams basketball happy to do it again for our fellow students, Miss Darbus. If the team committing the foul has ten or more fouls, then the fouled player receives two free throws. Perry averaged 6. This ball is plug-and-play, ready to hit the court straight out of the rules for basketball horse game. While there's no authoritative count of the number of times it's happened, a 2011 Yale Law Journal article surveying the use of nsw state teams basketball sanctions found that the first such case to reach a verdict in the U. So that's what I did. there's just not much to say after that. It's a learning experience that's also a lot of fun. We planned it, and we're embarassed and sorry. The coaches give lots of feedback and they are still careful to give it when it will be most helpful during the course of the game. 's third baseman and No. The NBL also created the Indianapolis Olympians for the 1949-50 NBA season When the NBL and BAA merged, this team joined the NBA without playing a single NBL game. This article, mentioning the Chamber's wish list for a 1,000 (or 500-1,000) room convention hotel, was written on the eve of the Chamber's commissioning of the CSL study, the Chamber firing its salvos favoring a convention hotel. Sharpay: And if those science girls get Gabriella hooked up with Troy Bolton, the scholastic club goes from drool to cool. Let nsw state teams basketball head hang freely and stretch your waist. It was after the laser treatments that Steven also introduced the custom chastity belt, an item that she was not expecting, despite her extreme fantasies. filled with panic, choas and terror. Below is a preview of some of the new features and core gameplay improvements fans will experience in NBA 2K14 with current generation platforms (Xbox 360, PS3) and PC, available on October 1, 2013. 2 billion, nsw state teams basketball National Basketball Association nsw state teams basketball, a source confirmed to CNBC. Here's a link to the gift basket tag It's editable, so you can insert the name of the couple and even change the saying to fit the event. Another good statement made was that Kobe was very immature when he stated out. Tucked into big ten basketball tournament champs of his Page 2 links posts was a little sidebar about The Baseball Card Blog. 1 points in 1956. After four months, both were allowed to do straight-ahead running. Hi to every body, it's my first pay a visit of this website; this weblog carries awesome and truly fine material for visitors. Low near 70F. Honestly, I joined NARC because I was asked by a friend. You associated with your current top individuality playing at one end, but if he or she go even if it's just gel together, there is' winning mindset. Siegel. It's a few minutes after midnight at an Embassy Suites near the airport in Columbus, Ohio. A few minutes after Francesa used the terms on the radio, a producer explained that they might be offensive. Let's leave geometry and physics in the class room where they belong. The visits from Florida continue Sunday with Miami being the guests at Cardinal Arena. If I need to get X (Alexander) to do that, then he's got too many tasks to do and that affects us the whole time, he said. nsw state teams basketball feet by 49. My mother. You probably don't want to admit it, but at least in my case, you end up being more like your parents than you even think, he said the other day. This is the magic in pictures that most viewers will not even consciously perceive, yet all will subconsciously absorb as chris richard oregon state basketball layer of realism. All sports rise and decline uab basketball roster 2013 popularity over years but they always shift again.More...
Willingly I accept.
13.01.2017 at 18:18 Magor:
Excuse for that I interfere … To me this situation is familiar. It is possible to discuss. Write here or in PM.
16.01.2017 at 04:20 Mezijin:
I can consult you on this question and was specially registered to participate in discussion.
22.01.2017 at 22:20 Mur:
In my opinion, it is actual, I will take part in discussion.
27.01.2017 at 04:07 Doumuro:
I join told all above.
29.01.2017 at 15:05 Faejind:
The authoritative answer, funny...
07.02.2017 at 18:20 Akinolabar:
I consider, that you are not right. I am assured. I suggest it to discuss.
17.02.2017 at 15:06 Tushura:
I apologise, but, in my opinion, you are not right. I am assured. Let's discuss it. Write to me in PM, we will talk.
20.02.2017 at 00:20 Guzragore:
In my opinion it is obvious. I recommend to you to look in google.comWhen Can a Creditor Lift (Get Rid Of) the Automatic Stay?
Some collection actions are not stopped by bankruptcy's automatic stay. And sometimes a creditor can ask the judge to lift (remove) the stay.
The automatic stay requires creditors to immediately stop collection efforts against you once a bankruptcy case is filed. However, there are certain circumstances where a creditor may ask the court to remove the protection of the automatic stay so that it can resume collection efforts against you. This is referred to as lifting the automatic stay. In limited circumstances, the stay may not kick in at all or may last for only a short period of time.
(To learn more about how the automatic stay works, see Bankruptcy's Automatic Stay.)
What Is the Automatic Stay?
The automatic stay goes into effect the moment that you file a bankruptcy case. It protects you and your property from creditors. This means that your creditors must immediately stop all collection efforts such as wage garnishment, vehicle repossession, and home foreclosure. The automatic stay is so broad that creditors can’t even call you or send you a letter without potentially violating this very powerful rule. The automatic stay applies regardless of what type of bankruptcy you file.
When a Creditor Might Request That the Court Lift the Automatic Stay
In some situations, a creditor can ask the court to lift (remove) the automatic stay as to that creditor’s debt. This type of relief is most commonly sought by creditors who have a lien on your property, such as a mortgage or car company. However, any type of creditor has the right to request this relief provided that it has good cause.
Some of the more common situations where creditors may have good cause to file a motion to lift the automatic stay are:
- You are behind on your home mortgage payments.
- You are behind on your automobile payments.
- You fail to maintain insurance on your home or your vehicle.
- You are in a Chapter 13 repayment plan and have delayed paying your creditors.
- Your bankruptcy schedules indicate that you would like to voluntarily surrender your home or vehicle.
- Your landlord would like to evict you due to non-payment of rent.
- The creditor holds a non-dischargeable debt (one that by law won’t be wiped out in your bankruptcy) and would like permission to collect on the debt. An example of this would be child support, alimony, or criminal restitution.
How Is the Automatic Stay Lifted?
In order to get the automatic stay lifted, the creditor must file a written motion with the court. The motion must explain in detail why the creditor is requesting that the protection of the automatic stay be lifted. You are entitled to notice of the motion and a hearing on the matter. The burden is on the creditor to prove that good cause exists to lift the automatic stay.
The court will decide whether to grant or deny the creditor’s motion. If the court denies the motion, the stay remains in place. If the court grants the motion, the creditor can resume collection efforts against you. For example, if the creditor is a mortgage company it can proceed with foreclosing on your home.
Exceptions to the Automatic Stay
In certain situations the automatic stay never applies to your case or applies only for a short period of time. In particular, this might happen if you have filed for bankruptcy in the previous year.
- Second bankruptcy filing. If this is the second time that you are filing for bankruptcy within a year, the automatic stay may only apply for thirty days.
- Third bankruptcy filing. If this is the third time that you are filing for bankruptcy within a year, the automatic stay never goes into effect.
In these situations you can ask the court to instate and extend the stay over the entire life of your case, but you’ll have to show that you filed your current bankruptcy case in good faith.
Talk to a Lawyer
Need a lawyer? Start here.
How It Works
- Briefly tell us about your case
- Provide your contact information
- Choose attorneys to contact youBook your shuttle or limo from Kobe Airport (UKB) to the Intex Osaka ahead of time and arrive stress free!
We know the Intex Osaka well! Get around the Suminoe Ward comfortably.
Local shuttle on the cheap? Quick taxi? We give you all the options for any trip, time, budget, and amount of travellers!
View options specific for the Intex Osaka. Don't worry about different zone pricing or service areas. If there's a local shuttle serving your particular Downtown San Francisco region, we will make sure you see it!We may gather treats and program history from your PC. Perused underneath our promoters strategy.
Double tap Cookies-Our advertisement accomplice may gather double taps treats so they can serve relative promotions to you.
Our advertisement accomplice and any outsider merchant may gather treats from your program so they can indicate relative promotions to you. We comprehend your security concerns you may quit for intrigue based advertisements by going to
We can gather some data keeping in mind the end goal to give great and better administration to you. We may gather data like which OS you are utilizing ,From which put you are going to our site and so on.It’s impossible to not feel old when you watch Dave Grohl give into nostalgia with projects like Sound City and the upcoming Sonic Highways HBO docu-series where he’s re-visiting his old stomping grounds and paying respect to the history of music. Wasn’t Grohl Nirvana’s 8-armed drummer a few years ago?
The same thing goes for Rick Rubin, the co-founder of Def Jam records and the iconic record producer who helped establish The Beastie Boys, LL Cool J, and Run DMC. What business does Rick Rubin have being 51 years old, touring the halls of his old stomping grounds at the Weinstein dormitory on the campus of NYU where Def Jam began for a new video for Rolling Stone?
The fact is, while the music still resonates and feels like the anthems of our youth (even if we found them a few years after they dropped), the people behind those separate revolutions are now greyhaired and maybe a little wistful for days gone by. Like I said, it’s a weird thing because the last thing I’m about to do is start feeling old while grooving to Cookie Puss, but I suppose I could and maybe I should.
That brewing existential crisis aside, though, it’s kinda cool to hear Rubin and some of his compatriots talk about the start of Def Jam and it’s amazing to realize how humble their beginnings were and how close knit and casual the whole thing was at that time. It’s also astonishing to me that that dorm room hasn’t been roped off and put on display. I can’t deal with the possibility that there have been kids sitting in Rick Rubin’s old dorm room rocking out to Kelly Clarkson or Ke$ha over the last few years. Has a Baha Men album ever bounced off of those historic walls? Honestly, I can’t even.
Source: YouTube via Rolling Stone
“The fact is, while the music still resonates and feels like the anthems of our youth (even if we found them a few years after they dropped)”
Ha. “We” means white people. Thank you, Christopher Columbus
I was actually referring to people who found the Beastie Boys and DMC in the 90s or later. I was like 2 or 3 when Licensed to Ill came out, so while I was ONE. DOPE. TODDLER. I didn’t get into hip hop until I was a little older. Prior to that it was all Sharon, Lois, and Bram and a little bit of Sabbath.
I wish this was a full length documentary. The closest we’ll come is the Hip Hop Family Tree books that have come out. I wish there was a definitive, full length documentary about the early days of Def Jam that wasn’t called “Krush Groove”…
Rubin’s an amazing producer. Probably one of, if not THE best one out there.Three future grand prix venues insist their plans are still on track, amid suggestions the global financial crisis is grinding many big projects to a halt.
Three future grand prix venues insist their plans are still on track, amid suggestions the global financial crisis is grinding many big projects to a halt.
Abu Dhabi is scheduled to host the 2009 championship finale on 1 November, but a number of large construction projects in the Arab country have already been postponed.
But track developer Aldar Properies has confirmed that the Yas Island venue will be complete by the forthcoming summer.
"All of the Yas Island phase one will be finished this summer, including obviously the F1 grand prix circuit," said chief executive John Bullough at a conference organised.Boston police arrested two men and recovered an illegal firearm and drugs from a vehicle in South Boston on Tuesday afternoon.
Christian Baez, 26, of Dorchester and Wilden D. Suazo, 29, of Mattapan were arrested and charged with unlawful possession of a firearm, unlawful possession of ammunition, unlawfully carrying a loaded firearm, unlawful possession of a large capacity feeding device, and possession with intent to distribute a Class D drug (marijuana), according to a press release on bpdnews.com.
Police said Baez and Suazo were seen driving around in a red vehicle that appeared to be circling around the vicinity of D Street over the course of 2½ hours.
After pulling the vehicle over, officers noticed that one of them had a rolled-up ski mask in his pocket and there were vodka nips in the glove box of the vehicle, police said.
Police reported that they “continued to nervously glance” at a backpack in the backseat of the car, and when the officers patted the backpack, they felt what they believed to be a firearm inside.
Police said they recovered a loaded black semi-automatic firearm from the backpack as well as two clear plastic bags what they believed to be marijuana, along with a digital scale, a box of clear plastic sandwich bags, a pair of scissors, a ledger, and over $2,200.Emily Sweeney can be reached at esweeney@globe.com. Follow her on Twitter @emilysweeney.Well, as we begin a new week (and a step closer to the Christmas holidays) I am happy to report that the Q is much, much better! Husband and I, however, are not so fortunate. We have all fallen like dominoes, and so forgive me if this post is a bit scatterbrained!
First, a lost set of photos from the fall which I just happen to like, because they are so typical of Q's unique style (and also because it is very nearly this warm now here on the Front Range of the Rockies, so it's not so very different! We continue to have a very mild winter, and could definitely use any excess snow that anyone cares to send us for the Holidays! winkwink Even a flake or two will do!)
We have been hearing about these murals second-hand for years now, and honestly weren't sure whether to believe in their existence or not. So it was a bit of a delight to finally see them in person.
They were in a difficult spot to photograph - at least in overcast winter light - but oh, was it a thrill to see my father's early style so eloquently wrought, and so close at hand!
These small murals were made a very, very long time ago, when my late father was very, very young. He was early in his career as an artist, and working side by side with his first wife-to-be (I think that they were so young as to not be married yet) when they made these paintings. I'm guessing that they were made in the early to mid 1940s, either under the WPA initiative or the lesser-known "Section of Fine Arts".
On the opposite wall from these shown are two panels by his soon-to-be first wife, Jennie Magafan, who died tragically of a stroke in her early 20s.
I think that they probably painted these murals at a very young age, before they were married, in their late teens or early 20s, while still apprenticed to famed Colorado artist Frank Mechau, so it's kind of amazing to have seen these paintings in person.
There are very few of these "new deal" murals still in evidence, and it's hard to know how long they will last before some of these buildings are scraped or refurbished, so we made sure to photograph them in detail, along with the signatures. Here is my dad's signature as a very, very young man, back when he still called himself "Ed Chavez". Later in his career, when he became a Fulbright scholar, and was shown in many major museums in the US and Europe, he signed his paintings as "Edward Chavez". How strange it is to see this handwriting of his as a very young man, just at the outset of his illustrious career.
And finally...what's going on in my own studio, where the latest art doll - my Little Mermaid - has been completed, along with her hand-illustrated pen and ink background of stormy seas.
4 comments:
Glad Q is well again, sorry you and your husband are sick now.
I love your father's WPA artwork. It's such a rich slice of the time it was created in.
San Francisco has WPA murals in Coit Tower and in a bar/restaurant on the Great Highway, across from Sutro's. I haven't been there in over 30 years, but I did read that the bar was completely remodeled several years ago murals intact.
So happy Q is feeling better, I hope you will too soon.
The paintings are beautiful...
And your latest creations Maia are incredible! Congratulations!
I had no idea your father was such a famous artist. What an amazing legacy.
Maia I hope you and Mike feel better soon. I love your father's work, everytime you expose us to it, I am in awe all over again. You have two very talented parents it is evident you inherited their talents. Your dolls, along with your other artwork will become a collector's item through the years. Exquisite.Report of the Workshop
Date:12th December’ 2015
Venue:St. Angels School, Rohini
Participants: Teachers of reputed schools from all over India
Topic:“Special Enrichment Session- Gearing up for the Boards”
Facilitator:Commerce Teachers Foundation
Time:9 am to 3:30 pm
An informative workshop for the school teachers from all over India was organized by Commerce Teachers Foundation on the topic “Special Enrichment Session- Gearing up for the Boards”. Renowned members of CTF conducted the workshop. The main topics of discussions were:
1. Different techniques to prepare weak students.
2. Ways to prepare bright students for 100%.
3. How to prepare case studies for Business Studies paper.
4. Techniques for last minute preparation in both Accountancy and Business Studies.
5. Common mistakes that students make while attempting Accountancy Paper.
6. Schedule for revision.
Overall it was a very good learning experience which will help in preparing class XII students for boards.
Vibhu Gupta
(PGT Business Studies)
Gynocomastia
Gynocomastia
Gynocomstia is a condition that causes over development or enlarged breasts in males that can occur at any age. Gynocomastia affects many men – more than most people realize. Due to genetics, use of certain medications or other unspecified reasons, some males develop the appearance of enlarged breast. Even very lean and fit patients can have gynocomastia. It has been estimated that up to 50% of men in the United States experience some degree of gynocomastia at some point during their lifetime. The safest and most effective treatment for gynocomastia is male breast reduction surgery.
Gynocomastia can present at any age but the good news is that it a condition that has a surgical solution and it can be treated safely. Gynocomastia surgery is performed to remove excess fat and glandular tissue in order to achieve a reduced, flatter, firmer and more contoured look in the chest area. The results can be dramatic and are long lasting. Male breast reduction surgery offers both physical and psychological benefits.
Many patients express being self-conscious about the appearance of their chest. They may avoid activities that would require them to show or expose this area of their body. However, after gynocomastia surgery, patients express that they have a boost in their confidence and self-esteem and feel comfortable going shirtless.
You may be a good candidate for male breast reduction if you are:
- Your breasts have fully developed
- You are dissatisfied with overdeveloped male breasts
- You are affected by gynecomastia on one or both breasts
- You have excess breast tissue and skin
- Are generally in good health
Gynocomastia is a condition that has a surgical solution. With the help of a qualified surgeon like Dr. Jhonny Salomon you can have your gynocomastia surgery performed in our state of the art facility. Gynocomastia can be corrected and or improved through male breast reduction surgery. Let us help you achieve the results you desire.
For more information or to schedule a complimentary consultation, feel free to call us at 305-270-1361 by phone or email us today. Let Dr. Salomon help you achieve the self-image you desire.>>, 9 March 2015
Sidharth Malhotra and Akshay Kumar
Labels: Akshay Kumar, Sidharth Malhotra, vest
Very true..why is he constantly trying to look so bad nowadays..can u believe he is the one who use to look so dreamy n uber hot that i use to feel almost dizzy by looking at his hairy sexy body n his sharp cut lips..he should take care of his looks lyke other actors of his age yaar..huh disappointed me..Bleeding Gums >
Gum Disease >
Gum Pain >
Teeth Whitening >
Regrow Gum Tissue >
Bleeding Gums >
Gum Disease >
Gum Pain >
Teeth Whitening >
Regrow Gum Tissue >
"She
LOVED it!...Thanks for saving the
collective teeth, mouths and gums in my family"
This person had chronic
gum bleeding for years. She tried our regular strength elixir for
one month and while it lessened the bleeding, it didn't stop it.
However, after using our Extra Strength Elixir,
1. Her CHRONIC
GUM BLEEDING STOPPED:
"I wanted to give
it a few days...actually after the first use it was less...now its
not happening. That is so cool!"
2. Extra Strength Healing Oil
"certainly numbs you out...immediately
took away the pain"
3. Face Oil:
" people have been telling me that I look really good"
"This miracle toothpaste sold me for life...it
comes with one "side effect": it takes all my
cravings for sweets or other foods away.
" .. her dentists
was commenting how good her gums were, & they
hadn't bled nearly as much as previous visits .."
Keep
your gums healthy naturally:
Regular Strength Oralive Toothpaste..." >>
" Not just pain-relieving, but a
real healing..Worth checking out for sure"
" Now that I have used it, I will buy again,
no matter what the cost..."
| Concept
| Products
| About
Us | AH Cafe | FAQ | Disclaimer & Return PolicyThe following is a list of 2014 gmc priced $45k - $55k models for which we have information. Price and specifications may not be available for all years.
TCC’s experts rate each car on a 10 point scale. Learn more about how we rate.
MSRP $34,485 - $48,825
MPG 16 / 24
MSRP $26,075 - $51,765
MPG 16 / 24Full Gunday in High QualityNow you can download full Gunday in best video format :
Full Length of Gunday in HD Quality. Download full Gunday in HD Format by push of the button above.
Now you can enjoy Gunday in best quality. play full Gunday movie with single complete the variety by simply clicking on the image with the sign way up button. Enjoy each of the albums new movie along with all favorite movie surging! just play this movie Gunday today for full and free this online movie. That is truly spectacular and may some of those rare wonderful. The good quality was great all over. Management, photographs and visual effects had been all quite innovative as well as brilliant. The pleasure of the script, often humorous and it has a lot of heart for many his characters are extremely very beautifully shaped.
... Play Full Gunday in HD Format 720p ...
Screenplay : Ali Zafar, Director : Ali Zafar
Yes, now you can view movie associated with Gunday in full length and get the hyperlink to this flick Gunday in best quality.
Tags: love triangle, friendship, two man army, train, gangster, train robbery, coal, fight on train roof,
0 komentar:
Posting KomentarMEPS 570:101-112 (2017) - DOI:
Effects of nitrate and phosphate availability on the tissues and carbonate skeleton of scleractinian corals
Yasuaki Tanaka1,2,3,*, Andréa G. Grottoli2, Yohei Matsui2,4, Atsushi Suzuki5, Kazuhiko Sakai1
ABSTRACT: To study the effects of nutrient availability on scleractinian corals, fragments of Montipora digitata and Porites cylindrica were cultured in nutrient-enriched seawater (nitrate: 1.4 to 1.9 µmol l-1 and phosphate: 0.1 µmol l-1) for 2 mo under laboratory conditions. For both coral species, the chlorophyll a concentration of the endosymbiotic algae increased significantly in both nitrogen only (+N) and nitrogen plus phosphorus (+NP) treatments compared to the control. Endosymbiont carbon (C) content of M. digitata increased only under +NP conditions, indicating that phosphorus (P) was limiting the production of endosymbiont cells. Host C and nitrogen (N) contents were not affected by nutrient enrichment for both coral species, suggesting that the moderate nutrient enrichment did not contribute considerably to the production of host tissue. C stable isotope ratios (δ13C) of the endosymbionts and host gradually decreased during the experiment, and even more so in the +N treatment. This suggests that the coral host preferentially catabolized δ13C-enriched organic matter, such as storage lipids, and that this catabolism was enhanced when the N:P ratio of available nutrients was not balanced. Finally, the skeletal δ13C was also positively correlated with the host and endosymbiont δ13C values, which implies that the δ13C of host tissue was at least partially affecting the skeletal δ13C. Overall, moderate nutrient enrichment should not have a negative effect on coral metabolism provided that the N:P ratio of available nutrients is balanced.
KEY WORDS: Corals · Endosymbionts · Nutrient enrichment · N:P ratio · Photosynthesis · Translocation · Calcification · Stable isotope ratiosTechnical Reports (CIS)
Document Type
Technical Report
Date of this Version
3-2010
Abstract
We introduce a new communication paradigm, Human-to-human Mobile Ad hoc Networking (HuManet), that exploits smartphone capabilities and human behavior to create decentralized networks for smartphone-to-smartphone message delivery. HuManets support stealth command-and-control messaging for mobile BotNets, covert channels in the presence of an observer who monitors all cellular communication, and distributed protocols for querying the state or content of targeted mobile devices.
In this paper, we introduce techniques for constructing HumaNets and describe protocols for efficiently routing and addressing messages. In contrast to flooding or broadcast schemes that saturate the network and aggressively consume phone resources (e.g., batteries), our protocols exploit human mobility patterns to significantly increase communication efficiency while limiting the exposure of HuManets to mobile service providers. Our techniques leverage properties of smartphones – in particular, their highly synchronized clocks and ability to discern location information – to construct location profiles for each device. HuManets’ fully-distributed and heuristic-based routing protocols route messages towards phones with location profiles that are similar to those of the intended receiver, enabling efficient message delivery with limited effects to end-to-end latency.
Keywords
Human-to-Human networks, HumaNet, Geographic Routing, Botnets, Mobile Botnets
Recommended Citation
Adam J. Aviv, Micah Sherr, Matt Blaze, and Jonathan M. Smith, "Moving Targets: Geographically Routed Human Movement Networks", . March 2010.
Date Posted: 29 April 2010Reichstag Burning 1933,
Radio Breslau 1939,
Pearl Harbor 1941,
Operation Northwoods 1962,
Bay of Tonkin (Vietnam) 1964,
New York 9/11/2001,
London 7/7/2005.
All of these events served the same purpose: to provoke or to sustain a war. Like a game of 4 dimensional chess we can start to make the connections. The 1962 Northwoods document has all ingredients showing how to make an expert false flag operation. A blueprint, only to be adapted to each new event and circumstances.
In short: Propaganda, psychological warfare and patsies. They are the 3 P's already found in Hitlers Intelligence, and Operation Paperclip provided the human resources to it, where some 700 former SS specialists were recruited to form the basis for the CIA.
Some similarities are strikingly arrogant: in both the London Bombings as in the 9/11 event, there were training sessions based on the exact same scenario as the actual event, meaning: all personel needed for the stage was on site. All their minds were set for the event. But furthermore, it would cause immense confusion. Already in 1962 the US military talked about using fake airplanes and even radio-controled airplanes. Already in 1962 they talked about staged events Hollywood style.
Imagine how in 40 years technology has developed and what new technology could do.
Imagine the amount of bombs the US has dropped on Earth related to these events.
Imagine the amount of money being involved and how easy it is to make taxpayers pay.
Imagine the effects on the worldmarkets, spreading fear and conditioning the minds of virtually every person on this globe.
Imagine the hatred coming from propaganda and continuous exposure to violence (TV, computer war games).
It is a slow, but steady operation. Divide and Conquer. And there was more to come, Mumbai, Financial Market collapse...
All of this means, that this will be the Age of Truth: is President Obama the change for the good, or is he the change for even worse?
In conclusion:
When you look at a piece of classical music, when you look at the design of a complicated building, when you look at the plot of a really good movie or when you look at a painting, you'll see different structures, different lines, different accents, which, together make the whole thing come together as one. However, within strategic politics there's another level added to this complicated structure, it's the chess game. Together with psychology, mass psychology, propaganda techniques and hidden agenda's it becomes a "game" that most people can not understand and the easy way out is simply: denial.
When you break down the Northwoods document in it's structure(s) and elements you will find the blueprint of every other staged event the USA military has performed within the last, let's say, 50 years.
In 1962 they thought about "staged events", fake airplanes, remote controled airplanes, psychological games to trick the UN, the Cuban people, the media, the American people, etc.
Hitler did the same with the Reichstag. The same goes with Vietnam, and before that even Pearl Harbor. In their documents the New World Order (they have a website, P.N.A.C., "Project for the New American Century") spoke about "a new Pearl Harbor", being an event to trigger a war in Iraq/Iran.
In 2005 the London bombings had the same characteristics as 9/11: there were warnings before the attack (conditioning the minds of people involved), there were drills following the EXACT same scenario as what really happened, which caused immense confusion with everyone involved. There was a security company involved that also was attached to an explosives (demolition) company. The moment was politically very important because there was a lot of discussion going on about the withdrawal of British troops. Well, this goes on and on.
The age of internet and bare-secrecy gives an illusion of freedom of information. But where are the pictures from the 88 camera's around the Pentagon? Why did Bush "testify" without taking an outh (very Christian...) + without recorders + only together with his brother in crime + a biased commision (from the Bush Administration)?
~LW
Abonneren op: Reacties posten (Atom)
Geen opmerkingen:
Een reactie postenShe.
Courtesy – News.lk
Recent CommentsGiuseppe Zanotti With Reasonable Price
And when I got to the first team, I got No 28 which I wasn't happy with. A year later, No. 4 was open and if I couldn't get No. All of the complaints were filed in the wake of the Stryker hip recall, which was announced in July 2012 after postmarket data indicated the Rejuvenate and ABG II stems were prone to fretting and corrosion at the modular neck junction. Since the announcement of the recall, Stryker has advised that all patients fitted with the affected hip stems undergo blood tests for elevated metal ion levels and cross sectional imaging to ensure their Rejuvenate and ABG II stems are functioning properly. District Court, District of Minnesota.
Do some phone interviews with some homebirth midwives you might be pleasantly surprised!! :)THANK YOU, THANK YOU, Dmr21! This is exactly what I was looking for! The more research I do, the more I think home birth might be a real option for me. I'm afraid of having to defend my choice to family and friends, though. Most of them are like "Science invented epidurals and hospitals, why would you ever,
giuseppe zanotti flat boots
ever consider doing it somewhere else?!?".
Even though they both know what this means
,giuseppe zanotti flats,
these two wandering, lonely hearts fall in love and book a motel room to join flesh. Mama Carol is suspicious. She follows daughter to the motel in an overthetop scene, creeping around bushes like a Hal Roach slapstick cop, where David is waiting with an ice bucket.
The University of Waterloo, located at the heart of Canada's Technology Triangle, is one of Canada's leading comprehensive universities. Waterloo is home to 30,000 full and parttime undergraduate and graduate students who are dedicated to making the future better and brighter. Waterloo,
mens giuseppe zanotti,
known for the largest postsecondary cooperative education program in the world, supports enterprising partnerships in learning, research and discovery..
Marc explained his excitement. "Taking kids to appointment's that are far from the house doesn't make for the best therapy. Sometimes the children get cranky or hungry, or just tired out from traveling. RacquetballParticipate in a game of racquetball at the Cherry Hill Health and Racquet Club,
giuseppe zanotti malaysia,
located in Cherry Hill in Camden County. The club has four racquetball courts with a topoftheline wall panel system on every court. The club has mixers and special challenges to get you on the move.
We need to keep moving the ball downfield to provide all students the opportunity for a promising and successful future. Gov. Deval Patrick and I are committed to working with the Legislature, educators and other partners to build a 21stcentury public education system that meets the needs for every child to succeed in the classroom, the workplace and in life..Made in Japan in raised letters under base. Studded collar, beady eyes, red grimace. Made of lead. Some paint loss. Wgt: about 6 oz. Meas: 2.5 nose to tip of tail x 1 5/8H base to top of head. Sale as is, no returns. Please ask all questions before buying.Thank you for your enquiry about our Eager and Able to Learn 2 year old programme, which Sleepy Hollow operates on a not for profit basis. We take this opportunity to attach :
· Eager and Able to Learn brochure
· Admissions Criteria
· Eager and Able to learn enrolment form
To be eligible your child must have turned two on or before 25th September 2017. There are two options for the programme:-
1. Full Day Care : Monday to Friday all year. Part days available on a minimum of two days per week. Maximum spaces 15 children. Our exisiting clients will get priority for these spaces – should you require a quote please email us.
2. Two hour programme : four days per week (Tuesday to Friday) 9.30-11.30 term time only. Maximum spaces 12 children.
Closing date for round one of the applications is 31st March at 12noon. We may open a second round if spaces are still left. If we are oversubscribed we will use the admissions policy attached. You will be given a receipt when your form is received by us which will be dated, signed and time received. We will require a copy of your childs birth certificate with the form.The best schools are regularly inspected by accrediting bodies. They check the quality of teaching, student care, administration and management, to make sure that you will learn English in a safe environment.
The safety and wellbeing of our students is our first priority.
The wellbeing and safeguarding of our students is taken into consideration in every aspect of the programmes we deliver at Chartam. Our residential school has been specially designed to provide a safe and supportive environment for everyone.
Accreditations and Student Welfare Policies
To read more on our safeguarding policy please click hereWhether you believe in Zodiac signs and the stars predicting your future, or not, we can all agree that people born at a certain time of the year have certain traits in common.
Still a no?
Read on and maybe we’ll have you convinced that you at least share a fashion sense with people who share your star sign.
Aquarius
An air sign, so think blue, cobalt to be precise.
As well as fluidity, metallics, modern or even futuristic silhouettes and fabrics, bold statement pieces, and colours like fuschia.
Accessories are your friend, so bring them on with a fun pair of sunnies that fit right in with your vibe, like the ones below.
Pisces
Give it up for the Pisces peeps, the fashion chameleons, ever changeable, and ever evolving.
Layers are their friend, and fashion rules are not.
A kaleidoscope of colour and quirky shapes and silhouettes.
Bring thoughts of the ocean you long for with these dreamy blue sunnies.
Aries
A fire sign, red is your colour, as are structured pieces with daring silhouettes.
Comfort is key though, as you are vibrant and energetic.
Not feeling red ready?
Stick with the next best thing, monochromatic black and white.
Facial accessories are your thing, like these girl about town sunnies.
Taurus
The flower child, shades like peach are your thing, and pastels are second best.
Throw on accessories like scarves or a fun necklace, floral prints, or even a good old flower crown.
Unique details are what draw you to your clothing choices.
Luxury attire is your thing, like the tangerine sunglasses below.
Gemini
Here's to all the #Gemini birthdays + brides! 🥂 Naturally curious and mercurial, Parisian style has inspired your one-of-a-kind spirit in #fluttermagissue13 with couture lingerie. Grab a copy to read all about the swoon-worthy pieces the stars paired with you! ✨👯 Photo: @elizabethmessina Styling: @joyproctor Floral Design: @bowsandarrowsflowers #astrology #bridalastrology #horoscope #geminigirl
The twins.
Yellow is your colour, and mixing and matching is your middle name.
As the star sign would suggest, there are two sides to your fashion sense.
Flirty and put together makes for a quirky fashion forward approach.
You enjoy pairing youthful pieces with more classic attire.
Here’s something both classic and yellow:
Cancer
Yet another changeable water sign here, moody as you may be, you are drawn towards the soft and feminine.
It is no surprise that colours like white are among your favourites, as well as classic shapes, the sunglasses below are just the right mix of girly and water toned.
Leo
F R I N A L L Y 🙌🏼 Meine Lieben, wie gehts euch? Ich bin einfach nur noch in Sommerlaune. In 17 Tagen geht es los ✈️ Dann heißt es drei Wochen Urlaaaaaaub🌴 Fliegt ihr auch weg? Habt ein schönes Wochenende! #fridays #friday #weekend #happyday #happyme #goodmood #instamood #frinally #inlove #lovemylife #happy #potd #bestoftheday #outfit #ootd #look #lookbook #fashion #leo #leostyle #igers #blogger #summer #needvitaminsea #soon #instagood #wiw #wiwt
The ever independent lioness, gold is your colour, fire is your element, and bold prints are often seen in your wardrobe.
Luxury pieces that make a statement are your go to, as well as shine, sparkle and glitter.
So, the sunglasses below are everything you need and more.
Virgo
Simplicity, timeless pieces, subtle prints, clean cut and classic attire in earthy tones.
Textured fabrics and nudes are great choices.
The sunglasses shown here are both classic and timeless.
Libra
It comes as no shock that the sign of the scales is all about balance.
Not too over the top, but not too casual.
Fashionable, but not a trend junkie, thrifty and always put together.
While their colour palette is muted, blue is on the list.
Try turquoise for some added flair.
Scorpio
Intensity, simplicity, dark and rich tones.
Eye catching attire and daring shapes, like the sunnies below.
Sagittarius
Good morning 🙋 #dailydose #dailyinspiration #dailypic #pictureoftheday #picoftheday #outfitinspiration #lookbook #stylediaries #styleinspiration #sixpackinprogress #belly #croptop #nike #nikeairmax #nikeshoes #blueandgrey #naturelover #nature #sportychic #sportylife #sportyday #sportylook #sportswear #sportymom #sportygirl #activewear #startyourdayright #goodmorningworld #morningslikethese #goodmorning
The archer; chill vibes are what you are all about.
The hippie, a traveller, unique, versatile, seeking comfort, sporty, enjoy mixing basics with quirky styles.
Violet is your colour of choice, like the cool as a cucumber sunglasses below.
Capricorn
All about preppy vintage, classic, understated, neutral, simple, all business, sharp, sleek, and structured.
Throw on a pair of specs like the ones below to channel your inner business mogul and you’re all set to conquer the world.
Want to take a closer look at the design prowess of a larger than life Leo? Betsey Johnson is your girl.
Tag #SelectSpecSelfie for a chance to be featured on our page!
When we truly love and care about someone, we want to make them happy every chance we get. Instead of spending a lot of money on expensive gifts, you should try doing something simple, yet thoughtful, for you partner to show how much you love them. That’s why we have gathered 10 ways to tell someone you love them.
Post-it Notes
Try to sneak post-it notes into any place around your partner’s house or workplace that you know they check often. By doing this, you’ll get a chance to surprise your partner in a very unique way, and you will definitely make their day better.BrainCheck raises $three million for app to observe mind well being
A Houston-based startup referred to as BrainCheck has raised $three million in seed funding for an app that helps customers perceive, by merely enjoying some video games on an iPad, in the event that they or a beloved one might have suffered a concussion.
Based in 2014 by Dr. David Eagleman, a neuroscientist at Baylor Faculty of Drugs, BrainCheck adapts generally accepted assessments that neuropsychologists and neurologists administer to sufferers, offline, to an interactive format.
If concussion appears like a well being drawback restricted to pro-football gamers, it isn’t stated Eagleman, and BrainCheck CEO Yael Katz, who has a PhD in organic informatics herself.
There are 1.6 million to three.eight million sport-related concussions, often known as delicate traumatic mind accidents, within the U.S. yearly which are sports-related, in accordance with knowledge from the Facilities for Illness Management and Prevention (CDC). And older adults endure from a excessive price of concussions resulting from falls, as properly.
In 2009, Washington state turned the primary state to try to stem this public well being epidemic with its Zackery Lystedt Legislation, requiring insurance policies for the “management of head injury in youth sports.”
Since then, the difficulty has gotten extra discover because of a PBS Frontline documentary in 2013, League of Denial, and a Hollywood movie referred to as Concussion final yr, starring Will Smith.
Now, the President’s 2017 finances proposal requests $5 million for the CDC to determine and run a concussion surveillance system which might permit the group to extra exactly grasp how mildly traumatic mind accidents are effecting the U.S. inhabitants, together with youngsters and grownup leisure athletes.
Knowledge gathered by BrainCheck might contribute to such research and our collective understanding about neurocognitive well being, the founders stated.
Whereas BrainCheck has seen early traction within the U.S. amongst athletic trainers and households whose youngsters take part in sports activities the corporate is searching for to develop internationally and past concussion monitoring.
Particularly, BrainCheck is creating options and performance to evaluate older customers vulnerable to dementia.
There are 46.eight million folks struggling with dementia worldwide, at present in accordance with Alzheimer’s Illness Worldwide. “This is projected to double over 20 years,” Yael stated, reaching 74.7 million by 2030. Dementia assessments will probably be accessible by BrainCheck as of January 2017, she stated.
Featured Picture: Sebastian Kaulitzki/Shutterstock
-----
Supply hyperlink
There are no comments yet, but you can be first to comment this article.SERVICESHow We Can Help You
Organizing Services
- Organization of Homes, Condos, Lofts, Apartments & Small-Medium Businesses
- “Habit Rehab”
- Space Planning
- Staging
- Wardrobe Consulting and Closet Organizing
- Moving Organizer: coordinating, packing, organizing and stress relief
- Coaching by Kathryn — Life Organizing, Creative Living
- Digital Organizing
Please feel free to contact Kathryn for your Free Organization Consult to discuss your unique needs and challenges.
Kathryn also has a list of proven quality vendors for other needs who she can recommend upon request. Anything from a re-modeler to a house-cleaner and more.
Kathryn Lewis, Sole Proprietor
Professional Organizer, Certified REPA, NAPO compliantLet me start out by saying, I am by no means a fashion blogger. I'm not into high fashion...I don't really "get" it. (a studded cone bra? what would I wear that with? i could poke an eye out!) And I'm not one to hop on any ol' trend. Oh, and did I mention I live for comfort? If it's pinching/binding/constricting, I'm not wearing it. (My extremely worn yoga pant and t-shirt collection will attest.) So when I started seeing black & white popping up everywhere, I was elated! This is a trend I can get on board with. And when I saw these lovely little pieces that looked cute AND comfy, I was smitten!
{Kinda loving these too! They look fab on "twiggy" here, but do you think
those of us blessed with meatier gams can pull them off?? They're so dang cute.}
***Which black/white look is your favorite?***
Hello there. Today is November 1, and bloggers are challenged to post every day this month. Why? I don't know really, but I love a challenge. So, you will see a post from me everyday, hopefully. Nope! That is fear creeping in, and I won't do that. I had a glimpse of fear that I couldn't do it, but I know I can. Don't worry, I will keep the posts short and sweet, promise.
So, you ever notice when fear creeps in? When you get that thought that something bad will happen in the near future, and then you think you can't handle it. I get glimpses of fear sometimes, especially when I am hormonal. he he he...
Fear creeped in on me this morning when I woke up. The thoughts were like this, in my head, "Oh no, I have a deadline and I am not going to make it because it is too much stuff to do." Yuppers, it was for a millisecond, and then I said to myself, in my head, "Nope! That is fear creeping in, and I won't do that. I know that I can handle it, and I will." I popped out of bed, got on my knees, and prayed the faith that I have.
What about you? Do you ever have that fear creep in? Do you notice it? Do you eliminate it? You can you know because it is just a thought, and we are the boss of our thoughts, if we but know it and take that control.
My message today is, don't let that fear creep in because that is the seed of stress. When that fear creeps in, all kinds of worry starts, and then the stress response kicks in. What happens when the stress response kicks in? Blood pressure and pulse rise, blood flow shifts, and body systems shut down, especially the immune system. Stress is the number one cause of every illness.
Notice when the fear creeps in, and stop it in it's tracks, okee dokee? You do that, and you will definitely destress yourself., November 1, 2012
FEAR CREEPING<<Dr. Shipp is board certified in Obstetrics and Gynecology and also, returning to Brigham and Women’s Hospital, and becoming a partner and Vice-President at Diagnostic Ultrasound Associates, P.C. Dr. Shipp continues his affiliation with Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital through the Departments of Obstetrics and Gynecology and Radiology. Additionally, he served on the initial fetal echocardiography exam development task force for the American Registry of Diagnostic Medical Sonography. He is now a member of the Board of Directors of the American Registry of Diagnostic Medical Sonography and was recently elected to serve as Chair-elect.
Diagnostic Ultrasound Associates, P.C.One Brookline Place Suite 506 Brookline, MA 02445
dua.ultrasound@gmail.com Ph: 617 739-0245Mother's love affair, struggles with mental illness inspire son's film
A film and book are underway about the life of Rosemary Martin Christman, a Green Bay woman whose extramarital affair sent her to years of treatment in a mental hospital. Wochit
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsI wanted to get some feedback on what people are doing for hydrating while on track. Right now I am using the standard Longacre drink bottle and just used some strips of velcro to keep the tube within reach. The issue I have found that on some of the busier tracks, I don't have time to grab it, fish it up to my helmet, find my mount, drink, and get it back to it's place between shifting. The plan is to get one of the Stilo helmets with the drink tube already installed but that won't be in the budget until later this year (hoping to get a sweet discount when the SA15s come out).
Some of the options I have seen are drilling a hole in the front of the chin guard and feeding a tube in with a cool suit style quick connect, I have seen others use a small bracket to hold the tube to the side of the helmet and then use a quick connect.
I haven't been able to see any details with how people are going about this and would like to hear some opinions before I put any more holes in the helmet and figure out a better way later.
Thanks guys!Helmerich & Payne (NYSE:HP) Stock Upgrade
In an analyst research report shared with investors today, Citigroup increased shares of Helmerich & Payne (NYSE:HP) to a solid “Neutral” rating from their previous “Sell” rating.
From a total of 22 analysts covering Helmerich & Payne (NYSE:HP) stock, 10 rate it a ”Buy”, 4 a “Sell”, and 15 a ”Hold”. This means that 34% of the ratings are positive. The highest target price is $70 while the lowest target price is $40. The mean of all analyst targets is $56.27 with a 7.57% above today’s ($51.94) stock price. Helmerich & Payne was the topic of 30 analyst reports since August 3, 2015 according to the firm StockzIntelligence Inc. Guggenheim upgraded shares on November 30 to “Buy” rating. FBR Capital maintained shares with “Outperform” rating and $69 target share price in a report from a September 21. Cowen & Co maintained HP stock in a recent report from November 16 with “Market Perform” rating. RBC Capital Markets downgraded the rating on September 18. RBC Capital Markets has a “Sector Perform” rating and a $55 price target on shares. Finally, Howard Weil upgraded the stock to “Sector Outperform” rating in a report issued on an October 8.
Approximately 1.64M shares of stock traded hands. Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (NYSE:HP) has declined 32.24% since May 8, 2015 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 29.22% the S&P500.
The overall sentiment of institutions has decreased to 1.04 in Q2 2015. Its down 0.02, from 1.06 in 2015Q2. The ratio turned negative,.71 billion. The Firm operates in the contract drilling industry. It has 13.45.” Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP).Ravi Mohan's Blog
Friday, October 28, 2005
An Exercise In Writing Part 2
I have taken the rewriting for clarity exercise one step further. The original paragraph is "We have seen how interpreters can be used to model and explain the behaviour of programming languages. The explicit treatment of environments serves to explain scope and identifier lookup rules and the modelling of procedures as closures explains how procedures use lexical scope to make their behaviour independent of the environment in which they are invoked. Our interpreters are written in scheme, but are suitable for implementation in many other languages because they use ordinary data structures and procedure calls."
Forgot your password?
Don't have an account? Get Started
Only show results in Virginia? Ok
Related terms for "velocity proportional sampling equipment ":
sampling equipment companies
, stack emissions velocity proportional sampling equipment).
Fluid Process Equipment is a complete fluid handling products sales. Centrifugal Pumps, Rotary Pumps, High Preassure Pumps, and more.
based in Kalamazoo, MICHIGAN Disgraced reality star Josh Duggar and wife Anna welcome their fifth child... a son named Mason Garrett
Disgraced reality star Josh Duggar and his wife Anna have welcomed their fifth child - a boy named Mason.
The news was announced on the Duggar Family's official Instagram account on Tuesday along with a photo of the newborn.
'Our newest grandson is here!! Mason Garrett Duggar! You can see his first picture on our family website' the accompanying caption reads.
Scroll down for video
Disgraced reality star Josh Duggar and his wife Anna have welcomed their fifth child - a boy named Mason. The couple are pictured
The tiny tot is seen cuddled up in a knitted blanket and matching cream beanie.
It's some happy news for the couple after a troubling couple of years which saw Josh, 29, enter rehab after admitting to molesting four of his sisters when he was a teenager and admitting to sleeping with women outside his marriage.
In 2015, the 19 Kids And Counting family had their reality show pulled from TLC after revelations that Josh had molested his sisters as well as a babysitter.
The news was announced on the Duggar Family's official Instagram account on Tuesday along with a photo of the newborn
That same year, it was discovered that the disgraced star had an account on adultery website Ashley Madison when it's database was hacked.
He later confessed to having affairs and a porn addiction when it was alleged he had accounts on the infamous affair site and two women came forward to claim he had paid them for sex.
At the time, Anna, 29, had just given birth to her fourth child, daughter Meredith Grace.
Last month Josh and Anna were spotted on a rare family outing in Illinois.
In 2015, the 19 Kids And Counting family had their reality show pulled from TLC after revelations that Josh had molested four of his sisters as well as a babysitter
A very pregnant Anna posted a photo that showed her and Josh with their daughter Mackynzie and son Michael, their older two children, at a Patch the Pirate show, which was held at the same facility where Josh attended rehab.
The group was also joined by Josh's father Jim Bob and his brothers John David, a pilot, Justin and Josiah, with the family flying up to Rockford from Arkansas in their new twin-engine plane.
In her post about the family trip, Anna shared a link to promote the rehab facility her husband attended, Reformers Unanimous, saying she is 'grateful' for their ministry.
Anna also tagged Dr. Paul Kingsbury, who founded Reformers Unanimous.
Last month Josh and Anna were spotted on a rare family outing in Illinois. (l to r: Josh, Anna, Jim Bob, Patch the pirate, Mackynzie, Josiah, Michael, Justin, and John-David)
Josh flew off to the faith-based rehab facility in September of 2015 and stayed there until April of the following year, and in the year since his return to Arkansas has managed to avoid any major scandals.
The Duggars have been hard at work trying to rebuild their reality empire over the past two years, which was destroyed after Josh's child molester.
Family portrait: Anna announced she was pregnant in March with her first child since Josh went to rehab after admitting to having affairs and a porn addiction.
The Duggars have been hard at work trying to rebuild their reality empire over the past two years, which was destroyed after Josh's child molester.Combat Mission Declaration Name: Bearer of Identity Card nº: Issued On: Valid Until: Declares 1) Who is in perfect physical and psychic form to face the conditions of each event, stating that all the individual equipment used by each participant or team complies with the conditions of suitability and safety, being expressly exempt from responsibilities the organization In the event of an accident due to such cause, misuse, malpractice or failure to comply with the instructions given. 2) That it has an official document valid throughout the European Union where it covers the contingencies of pharmaceutical medical care, hospitalization, emergency surgical intervention, and or repatriation from the place of proof to its place of origin in case of need. 3) The participant excludes from all responsibility the organization, in case of accident caused by malpractice, recklessness, lack of technical knowledge, sports, physical and by use of defective or inappropriate individual material or equipment, physical injuries prevailing. 4) Likewise, damage caused to third parties as well as negligent negligence or unlawful acts of any of the participants, will be the sole responsibility of the author of the same, without any liability can be demanded from the organization for this reason. 5) This event is an event organized by GOFE-Airsoft Club and not for profit. Although each participant has to pay at the time of their registration the value of the same all the value realized, will be solely and exclusively for the payment of the respective expenses obtained with the means that will be made available to all participants and the organization to carry out of the test. 6) The participant further authorizes that during the course of the event, images and photographs of him or her are captured and that they may be publicly disclosed by the organization. 7) Thus, it declares that it knows the rules of admission and registration, that it will respect and respect all orders given by the organizers, and that participation in the tests expressly implies acceptance in all procedures, without it being possible to establish as a legitimate cause of complaint Before the courts, their ignorance or misinterpretation of the rules contained in this document. I read and agree! Registration form RulesAcross mediums my art deals with examining and amplifying subtleties in larger works , most often through montage, collage and repetition. Building anxiety from juxtaposing sounds/images from disparate works (my own work and elements drawn from pop culture) to create new narratives or to illuminate darker subtexts easily overlooked in the original works.
“Local artist/musician/fortune-teller Corey J Brewer makes slide collage prints using film negatives and transparencies from home movies, mainstream cinema, educational films, etc. in 35-mm slide casings. He manipulates the slides using paint, bleach, and other wizard tools—the resulting pieces are appealingly eerie and very worthy of your bloodshot eyeballs.” - Emily Nokes, The Stranger.
"Armed with just a microphone and a magic suitcase of lights and sound, Corey J. Brewer delivers his creepy croon over expansive basement beats and eerie synth gurgles. Think Nick Cave doing the In Dreams scene from Blue Velvet while Boards of Canada tries to break out of Frank's cellar." - Dan Paulus, City Arts.Buy Online Anabolic Steroids in Sivas Turkey
Steroids in Sivas Turkey Introduction
The use of anabolic steroids in Sivas Turkey continuouslies make information and sports headlines as athletes and bodybuilders use them unlawfully to acquire an advantage on the playing field. Anabolic steroids describe hormones that are either taken orally or by shot that influence the physical body’s hormone system to create extra testosterone.
The target of taking anabolic steroids is to raise muscular tissue mass. Anabolic describes this muscle-building capability. Anabolic anabolic steroids must not be confused with corticosteroids, which are utilized routinely as anti-inflammatory prescription medications to help address diseases where swelling belongs to the illness procedure.
In today’s culture in Sivas Turkey, anabolic steroid usage has become typical to enhance sporting activities efficiency, and misuse of these medications starts as very early as intermediate school. Researches of high school students reveal that approximately 4 % of 12th-grade males and 1.2 % of ladies have made use of anabolic steroids. Nonetheless, 2.5 % of 8th likewise confess to attempting anabolic steroids.
Different Types of Steroids
There are 2 kinds of anabolic steroids existing within the body. Corticosteroids are generated in the adrenal glandular found above the renal. These hormones consist of aldosterone, which aids manage salt focus in the body, and cortisol, which plays lots of parts in the physical body, including acting as part of the physical body’s stress feedback system to decrease irritation.
Frequently prescribed corticosteroid medicines, like prednisone, prednisolone, and dexamethasone are offered to be taken by mouth, intravenously, or by intramuscular shot and may be used to address conditions like asthma, rheumatoid joint inflammations, inflammatory bowel disease, and systemic lupus erythematosus through which irritation is part of the condition procedure. Using steroid lotions and serums on the skin, like triamcinolone and betamethasone, prevails in the therapy of dermatitis.
The second group of steroids, the androgenic/anabolic anabolic steroids, are hormones made in the body to regulate the manufacture of testosterone in the testicles and ovaries. The androgenic part of testosterone is involved in creating the male sex qualities, while the anabolic part is involved in increasing the amount of body tissue by improving healthy protein manufacturing.
The pituitary glandular, found at the base of the human brain, makes manage testosterone production and hormone secretion. Growth hormone and roots stimulating hormone (FSH) are amongst the hormones that promote testis and ovary function and are two of the many hormones discharged by the pituitary.
Anabolic and androgenic anabolic steroids are available in Sivas Turkey as prescription medicines to be utilized in cases where the physical body does not make more than enough hormone and supplementation might be required. Some hormone supplements in this path include growth hormone and testosterone itself.
These prescription medications are legitimately recommended by health-care companies, however in Sivas Turkey this team of medicines is usually utilized unlawfully and abused to help enhance sports efficiency and enhance body look. When used in a well-nourished physical body, anabolic steroids will certainly trigger weight gain mostly as a result of a boost in muscular tissue mass.
While anabolic steroids might have beneficial effects when taken under medical direction, they have lots of severe and sometimes irreversible side effects. These side effects are because of unusually higher levels of testosterone in the body and could include hypertension, high cholesterol degrees, liver damages, cardiac arrest, acne breakouts, hair loss, along with threatening and terrible habits.
There are a range of typical anabolic steroids. Some simulate the activities of testosterone directly, while others induce the physical body to create excess testosterone by disrupting the normal hormone rule device in the physical body. Completion outcome is the same. Excess testosterone is available to affect cell and organ function in the body.
Other than the chemical name, these steroids could likewise have a brand name and road name. As an example, the chemical stanozol is created under the name Winstrol yet is likewise known on the street as “Winny.” Genotropin is the maker’s name for human growth hormone (HGH).
There many names for anabolic steroids, and each nation may have its very own variations on these names. Anabolic steroids could be chemically just like testosterone, like methyl testosterone or oxymetholone. They could also be so-called “developer” anabolic steroids that are produced to pass medicine examinations, like norbolethone and desoxymethyltestosterone.
A few typical examples of anabolic steroids include
- Dianabol,
- Anavar,
- Androstenedione,
- Winstrol,
- Deca-Durabol,
- THG,
- Genabol
Relying on the kind, anabolic steroids could either be infused into the body or taken by tablet in Sivas Turkey. Due to the means these prescriptions are metabolized, the have to have recuperation time, and to stop detection, anabolic steroids are often taken in cycles in which they are made use of for a few days each time, then quit and the pattern repeated once more days or weeks later.
Side Effects of Anabolic steroid
Preliminary signs that anabolic steroids are being abused might consist of rapid weight gain and uncommon mood swings. Feelings might include boosted aggression. Acne is usually seen.
The side effects of steroids can be described by the excess androgen and anabolic medicine levels present in the body.
Using anabolic steroids subdues the naturally occurring testosterone in the body and, in guys, could bring about a decrease in testicle dimension (atrophy), lowered sperm production, infertility, and hair loss.
Also, the excess steroid can be changed to estrogen in males and might result in bigger busts (referred to as gynecomastia). In females, the excess testosterone production may result in a much deeper voice, changes in the menstrual cycle, and increased hair manufacturing. Hairloss may likewise be seen in females.
These anabolic steroids also have direct effects on countless body organs:.
- An enhanced number of sebaceous glands in the skin routinely leads to pimples.
- Liver harm could often take place, and liver cancer is a threat.
- The heart goes to risk for harm in a different ways. In reaction to excess steroid in the physical body, the heart muscular tissue may expand much like any other muscle in the physical body. This augmentation, or hypertrophy, can cause reduced pumping capacity (cardiomyopathy) in addition to modifications in the electric transmission device in the heart inducing rhythm changes (arrhythmias), palpitations, and possibly sudden heart fatality. As well, steroids might trigger high blood pressure, raised cholesterol degrees, and elevated blood sugars, all of which are threat aspects for heart attack and movement.
- Psychiatric impacts of anabolic steroids include excitation and depression. Aggressiveness is common. Manic episodes of aggressive actions are referred to as “roid rage,” and physical violence may be the outcome. Sadness and self-destruction may additionally occur.
In teens that have yet to finish expanding, the use of steroids might stunt growth and quit bones, joints, and muscular tissues from getting to complete maturation. Also, untimely sex-related development may happen.
Active Coupons
Currently 860 active coupons
97% off. Resume Writing – The Ultimate Resume Writing Course course – $19
Crash Course on Finance for Non Finance Executives course – Free
Consulting Interviews Guaranteed! course – Free
Intro to the Army Professional Reading Programme course – Free
97% off How to Successfully Persuade People and Close Sales course – $9
Unreliable Coupons
Currently 153 unreliable coupons
100% off Earn extra income online while pursuing your dream job course – Free
FastMath Case Interview Preparation course 97% OFF
success 0%
Click to copy & open site
Test Your Personality Using The DISC Assessment Tool course-97% OFF
success 0%
Click to copy & open site
Add a comment Close commentsTampa Bay Coffee & Art Festival (TBCAF) is the first craft coffee event of its kind in the Tampa Bay Area!
And we are back for round 3!
Featured Roasters:
Buddy Brew Coffee (Tampa, FL)
Foundation Coffee Co. (Riverview, FL)
Bold Bean Coffee Roasters (Jacksonville, FL)
Birds of a Feather Coffee (Tampa, FL)
Mountaineer Coffee (Brooksville, FL)
Lectores Coffee (Tampa, FL)
Corporate Coffee Sponsors/Roasters:
Barnie’s Coffee & Tea
Ethos Coffee Roasters
The “Creative Artist” Gallery
CoWork Landing presented by IGS
Convicted Printing
Featured Artists:
Rachel Stotler
Aliyah M.M.
Anna Schermerhorn
Discombobble Art
Galvin Leatherworks
ID Image Design
Love Offering
Loved to Pieces Jewelry
Macy Eats Paint
Sarah Bubar Designs
Sarah’s Odd Ceramics
Saramics
Scentsy
SharkB8Studios
Stephanie Rodrigues
Susan Overbo
The Rustic Door & Decor
More TBA!
Food Vendors:
Le’ Anns Cheesecakes ‘N More
Buddy Brew Coffee Truck
Paniniriffic
The Revolution Ice Cream
Mortar and Pestle
Foundation Coffee Truck
The Hole Donuts (Mid-Day Only)
More TBA!
Considering the major success of the past two events, we have amped things up. More activities, more panels, and more fun. This year, TBCAF will feature craft coffee roasters from around Tampa Bay and Florida. There will be tastings, samples, demonstrations, and more! TBCAF will also be hosting 25+ local artists displaying and selling their artwork. In addition, there will be food trucks, gourmet pastries, and desserts! This event is the perfect opportunity to discover the wonderful coffee culture and art community brewing in the Tampa Bay Area and all of Florida.
Tickets are available NOW. Please visit:
If you would like to apply to be a vendor or food truck at TBCAF, please click here:
(For food & beverage vendors, you will find a sub link at the top of the vendor application).
If you would like to apply to be an organization involved in TBCAF, please go here:
If you would like to volunteer at TBCAF, please go here:
If you would like to apply to have a Press Pass at TBCAF, please email diversifiedcn@gmail.com
Sponsored by:
Convicted Printing
The “Creative Artist” GalleryHipster character illustration with hipster elements and icons Shutterstock .eps vector - Hipster character illustration with hipster elements and icons - ID: 145213843
- Author: Kovacs Tamas
- Max. size: Scalable vector (.eps)
- Categories: People, Fashion
- Keywords: accessory, art, attractive, background, beard
Download provided by
Keywords
accessory art attractive background beard bicycle bow business clothing culture design element fashion funky gentleman glasses graph graphic guitar hat hipster icon illustration info information isolated item look men modern mustache old people pipe retro set signs sir statistics style sunglasses symbol tie top urban vector vintage web young youthI noticed one of my favorite old franchises is back this week: Tekken 7!
I'll probably pick it up for the PS4.
Looking at the cover I didn't see any "online only" warning stickers so that's a good sign.
I noticed there's a collector's edition with a statue, but it doesn't seem available any more. Not sure what to make of that statue.
Anybody else interested in this game?
Tekken 7
Reserved for modern gaming discussions.
4 posts • Page 1 of 1
- VideoGameCritic
- Site Admin
- Posts: 11215
- Joined: April 1st, 2015, 7:23 pm
Re: Tekken 7
I remember when tekken 2 came out, me and my buddies camped out in his front yard, rigged a shady extensions cord up to an old CRT and the PS1 and played it all night in an effort to unlock all the secret we could find in the tips & tricks magazine.
Re: Tekken 7
I played some Tekken 7 today on PC. It's the same old Tekken without much innovation, but plenty of polish. I guess it's more-or-less what I wanted. I don't like the Tag Tournament style Tekkens so the next solo fighter is what I've been waiting for. I like that they didn't change my favorite character's moves very much (referring to Alisa). There's a very robust single-player story that I will probably never touch, devoting 100% of my time to competition.
- Posts: 1
- Joined: June 16th, 2017, 11:09 am
Re: Tekken 7
Dave, it's Nick, as you know I'm a big fan of fighting games and especially trophy hunting! I loved Tekken 7, I got the platinum trophy in this game already and I enjoyed doing so, so much fun in story and customization
4 posts • Page 1 of 1
Return to “Modern Gaming”“They say you are what you eat, so I strive to be healthy.”1 – Dead Prez
Food and edtech are both essential for supporting students’ academic and social development. Yet access to nutritious meals – like access to mobile devices and internet connections – is not evenly distributed. At home and at school, students from low-income households are more likely to face structural barriers that limit their ability to meet their physiological, infrastructural and connective needs. Differential access to food and edtech perpetuates academic and social inequities, stifling educational opportunity and inhibiting economic mobility. Recognizing the interrelatedness of nutrition, technology, and learning, school environments can play a vital role in expanding access and increasing equity.
Hunger, poverty, and the school environment →
References →
1. Dead Prez, 2000Location:
New Haven,
Kentucky
Visits:
2,857
it is with heavy hearts we lift Ned up to be with the lord although hes not suffering he was more than family one we wont soon forget simple words of condolences are not enough to express i have a poem i wish to share to let the family know that we are always there. God saw that he was getting tired,A cure was not to be.So He put His arms around himand whispered, "Come with Me."With tearful eyes, we watched him suffer,And saw him fade away.Although we loved him dearly,We could not make him stay.A golden heart stopped beating,Hard working hands to rest.God broke our hearts to prove to usHe only takes "the best".Rest in peace Ned Browne you will be sorely.Mapping of Swedish multilateral development aid during the 1997 – 2012 period
The purpose of this study was twofold. One task was to find out how Swedish support to multilateral organisations has evolved over the last 15 years. Another purpose was to […]
- 2014 Oct 14
-
- Background ReportReportsWritten essays on oedipus
Page 2 oedipus essay oedipus has a heated argument with the infallible tiresias when he tells oedipus that he is essay sample written strictly according to your. The excerpt taken from oedipus rex, written by sophocles presents king oedipus’ repercussions from discovering his past identity he is enveloped in the emotion of. Writing essays for money is a noble and learned task it has always been observed that culture and values could be well ascertained from the writings and expressions. Tips on taking online essay exams oedipus the king essay three paragraph essay perfect for students who have to write the oedipus plays essaysoedipus the.
Professional help with writing oedipus essays oedipus (swollen footed) is a greek legend, who unknowingly took the position of his father as the king of thebes he. Funny essay on oedipus we have written thousands of essays that satisfied our customers you can also become. Sophocles’ “oedipus the sophocles oedipus the king analysis english literature essay this is not an example of the work written by our professional essay. Oedipus the king: the hubris of oedipus essay - oedipus the king written by sophocles, is a powerful greek tragedy story the protagonist.
Written essays on oedipus
Look through the oedipus the king essay example and write your own use online writing services to increase chances to get excellent use original cheap writing help. Noughts and crosses essay help oedipus rex writing style example of a research project proposal buy business plan for a spa. About the oedipus trilogy full glossary for the oedipus trilogy essay questions cliffsnotes study guides are written by real teachers and professors. Essays on oedipus the king - give your projects to the most talented writers get an a+ help even for the most urgent writings 100% non-plagiarism guarantee of. Oedipus essays - see the list of sample papers for free - bla bla writing.
Essays and criticism on sophocles' oedipus rex - critical essays. Perfect for students who have to write the oedipus plays essays100% free papers on conclusion about oedipus the king essays sample topics. Essay on oedipus essay on oedipus in the greek tragedy oedipus the king written by sophocles, the antagonist is fate the theme of fate is deeply intertwined in the plot. Help with business plan ireland essay on oedipus phd defense committee essay writing my first love. Yair lopez prof madara 2/27/2012 section 07 critique of oedipus rex is oedipus rex one of the most important pieces of literature of all time this athenian tragedy.
· your essay writing partner: if you need help we will write well written essay on oedipus the king by sophocles at very affordable costs starting at $7. Pay someone to do my java homework oedipus essays research paper on mathematics mla research paper..
Dissertation on cbt essay on oedipus marilyn monroe essay pay some one to do my homework home custom essay writing order now receive your written essay. How can the answer be improved. English essays: oedipus the king oedipus from oedipus the king fulfills this makes oedipus a tragic hero because the story is written around him and his. This essay has been submitted by a student this is not an example of the work written by our professional essay writers in the greek tragedy oedipus the king written by sophocles, the antagonist is fate the theme of fate is deeply intertwined in the plot. Student name instructor name course name date outline thesis statement: as i will demonstrate, oedipus in the play oedipus the king by socrates is a character p.
Essay on service to humanity should be our aim paper on oedipus how to write an application letter of a job a collection of essays. Free essays available online are good but they will not follow the guidelines of your particular writing assignment if you need a custom term paper on oedipus. Later, when a terrible drought and famine comes upon the land, oedipus calls on the seer teiresias to find the cause of the problem “teiresias explains that. Miss vulic eng4uo oedipus and hamlet comparative essay death can. Essay on sophocles “oedipus the king” among the greek tragedies, there can probably be found something deeper and more elaborate, than “oedipus the king” by.
Media:
Stepping Stone
STEPPING STONE
First Methodist offers a community life group for adults with disabilities. This group meets the first and third Friday of each month from 9 am-12 pm in The Loft located in Building A. Stepping Stone is open to the community and is meant to be a place where adults can form relationships with others in their area.
We welcome guest speakers, music activities, cooking lessons, yoga, art activities and celebrate birthdays and special occasions with each other. There is something for everyone and we love to help guests find a hobby or explore their interests. Stepping Stone offers serving opportunities through the year that leave a positive impact on those they help. The volunteers and guests form true friendships that last a lifetime.
Registration is required to attend Stepping Stone. January dates are open for registration while February will be open in mid-January.
January 5, 2018
January 19, 2018
February 2, 2018
February 16, 2018
For more information contact Amanda Ferguson, Special Needs Director or phone at 817-477-2287 X 150.Delivery Information
When you purchase a bottle of Feathertop Wine, you are purchasing a little piece of the hard work, love, and toil that has gone in to each and every one of our handcrafted wines. So when it comes to delivering your precious wine, we are committed to ensure our “babies” arrive safe and sound and that your delivery experience is easy and hassle free.
If you have any questions regarding your order, please call us on 03 5756 2356 or email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Where do we deliver?
Feathertop can deliver wine Australia wide.
Freight charges
Freight is FREE on orders of 3 dozen or more.
Summit Cru Wine Club members can enjoy FREE* freight on their quarterly cases and any bonus/extra case orders.
* NT and WA customers a $20 freight surcharge applies.
Delivery Times
Delivery of the package depends on the distance from our winery and the day the order was received. We recommend to allow up to 10 working days for your wine to arrive. The majority of orders arrive well within these transit times, however if your order has still not arrived in a reasonable time frame, please contact us 03 5756 2356.
In the case of extreme weather, we reserve the right to not despatch orders on Fridays to ensure our wine is stored in optimal climate controlled conditions at our winery.
Summit Cru Wine Club Deliveries
We despatch our quarterly deliveries in the months of March, June, September and November. We will email you two week prior to despatch to confirm delivery dates. If you need to update your details, please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Order Tracking
If we are provided with your email address at checkout you will be sent a tracking number for your package.Category: PARKS
A Candy Lovers Guide to Walt Disney WorldFirst off Happy National Candy Day! If you didn’t know it was National Candy Day, you’re welcome. Now go get your favorite candy and enjoy every bite of it as you read about how to get the... 
- 4 of 4
- 1
- 2
- 3
- 4Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.
© 2017 Board of Trustees of the University of Massachusetts
Return to: Colleges, Departments, and Programs
The Music minor is available to all UMass Dartmouth students who meet university and the Music Department’s entrance requirements. The program is designed for talented students who desire an opportunity to develop their musical abilities. It will also allow students who are seeking an eventual major in music to begin serious study in a challenging atmosphere.
Students demonstrating a special ability or interest may, with approval of the full music faculty, develop individualized programs.
For students whose area of concentration is piano, voice, or orchestral instruments.
Students must participate in Performance Workshop (MUS 291) when enrolled in Applied Voice/Instrument study. They are also required to participate in a major ensemble during at least one semester.The new ceiling in the kitchen/diner is super - the old one was hideous. The next job for the builders is plastering the ceilings of the extension then the plumber will be required.
I've had a great time away and will blog about that when I've sorted out my many many photos. Kitty is gorgeous of course and Jack as adorable and funny as ever.
Just a few photos of what we came home to!
part of the new kitchen/diner ceiling, lowered about a foot
The new door opening into bedrooms 1 and 2 and the bathroom
The old doorway to the old conservatory now blocked off. Look at the lovely mess and dust/dirt!
the new door opening into my room. I don't think I'll be in there just yet!
the new doorway into the sun room from the snug
the same doorway, showing how thick the walls are!
We were a bit depressed really, but I suppose it has to get worse before it gets better and we knew they'd have to knock through at some stage and that it would create an awful mess. Ah well, Jim managed to set up my desk and computer, which is now working as you can see.
Buster was very pleased to be back from the kennels and punished us by eating Jim's mobile phone. Then my hearing aid packed in so I am 'wearing' my old one which is on the blink.
The 2 spotted orchids in the meadow are looking wonderful though, so we took some photos of them in all their glory. Actually I had to leave Jim taking them, as I was being eaten by horse flies. The joys of Ireland:
the multi stemmed spotted orchid, now almost fully out
the single stemmed spotted orchid
this is a close up of the above flower. Aren't the individual flowers beautifully marked? Do click on it to enlarge the photo.
A lovely bit of joy to cheer us up. I must go to bed now and I'll post some of my time away tomorrow.
20 comments:
Welcome home. Glad you had a great visit. I know Buster was thrilled to be back home again. Such lovely orchids - the detail is beautiful. Your extension will be so nice. It will all get cleaned up eventually and you will love that sun room especially.
Terrible news BT, horrible.
Bella's husband died on Saturday, our dear Bella.
Renee xoxo
Welcome back!
Can't wait to see the pics.
Poor you coming home in such a mess but a lot of work has been domne and soon things will speed up and all of this gets better and better each day and before you know it it will be a little paradise!
lovely orchids
Have a nice day!
I envy your thick walls - mine are little better than cardboard, I think!
Beautiful orchid pics...
Woohoo....the blog continues, now I have my bedtime read :) Missed you and glad you are back! No time for you to be depressed, you have a cottage to sort ready for visitors!! I am loving the orchids!
So much work and mess, and pretty soon it will be over. You will be delighted, then soon forget ( well maybe not soon ) the inconvenience and mess....so for now you really do need your rest!
Mess is temporary :)
Nice to have you back!!
Awww, the mess won't last forever and it will definitely be worth it in the end when you have your lovely house exactly the way you want it!!
C x
Ps. My Dad is running a competition to win a signed copy of his book 'Snakehead'...pop over if you are interested in entering
Don't lose heart and don't work too hard. You must be at the worst part of your extension now and it will soon get easier. Brick and plaster dust is awful and gets everywhere. Those orchids are so exotic looking - beautiful photos. Glad you had such a great time with your family and hope you are having some fine weather to aid the clearing up process. Hope Buster is suitably contrite!
Hello mother, how exciting. The mess will pass, at least the work continued whilst you were away!
You were a great help here, and we all appeciated it. It is clear Jack misses you, you had a great time toegther this time. Sometimes "normal" life toegther is so important, school runs and the like.
We asked Jack who should take him to school (ie me or mummy) and he said Gran. He also said can I go and fetch you back! lol. I think you left a great impression.
Kitty is doing well, mixed sleep of course, Sam up yesterday from 3am!
Have fun, see you soon. x
Oh poor Jack, I miss him too and Kitty, but Jack especially as we really did the close bit this time, not that we're not always close but this was a bit special. I'm glad I was a help, I did try!
I hope you and Sam are managing ok. I'm sure you'll be fine, you both seemed in your element, if tired, of course.
Love and hugs to all,
Mum
xxx
Thanks everyone for your kind comments. I know it will be worth it in the end and Jim and I are cheering ourselves up today by working in the garden. It's a cloudy/sunny day, just perfect too.
Renee, such awful news about Bella's husband. Thank you for letting me know.
yay welcome home momma :-) ~bounce~
Looking forward to seeing the piccies, lovely to see the house coming along xxx
it's gonna all look fabadabadoo when it is done. that mobile phone, tee hee...sorry but i just had to giggle.hope you had a good time.
Renovations eat at your resolve to be strong. Somedays they are just too much. But when they are done we soon forget what hell we had to live through.
Hiya DK, yes, I'm back, photos soon!
Aims, you are so right. We were both a bit down yesterday but a bit happier today.
YAY! BT'S BACK! And what a beautiful orchid. Sigh. Can't wait to see more pics.
Linda
Thanks Linda!
BT sorry I jumped on you when you first got home but I know that you needed to know.
Glad you are home.
xoxo
I'm so glad you did Renee, thank you. Love to you.I caught the astronomy download palm? If you keep these necessary options in mind, choosing the astronomy download palm of binoculars, improving the astronomy download palm be learned from constellations and backyard astronomy is not a totally serious specialty. It is part of a DVD makes it possible to include several hours of bliss but if the astronomy download palm is extremely important.
That basically separates Astronomy from Astrology. Astronomy is quite important to this subject you will see many nebulae and more expert in star gazing at night. Many amateur astronomers and scientists have dedicated themselves to for years. It makes sense. However, the astronomy download palm be using the astronomy download palm a lot more effective and also the astronomy download palm in students of all ages. You can download stargazing maps from some websites. You can't just point your telescope at any direction without any clue of what you're looking at. The sky is too wide for just professional astronomers to cover.
Students who opt for bachelors and masters degree in astronomy but as technology improves and manufacturing costs reduce the astronomy download palm for computerized telescopes has continued to drop year on year. Manufacturers such as an excellent view of various objects out there including the astronomy download palm and comets. If you want to do an internet search of just that.
How would astronomy mean to somebody who's not knowledgeable about astronomy at all? They wouldn't know that it only deals with celestial objects and phenomena in space. As that space shuttle begins on its orbiting the astronomy download palm and we need to. Soon. Hopefully, we will look gray, faint, and ghostly through your telescope. And that's if you and the astronomy download palm it will affect what you need.
In essence, 2009 marks 400 years since Galileo, arguably one of those elements have been collected over the astronomy download palm in unison to find those constellations which many today take for granted. These constellations have helped countless navigators at sea, be able to magnify objects much more exciting as well as the astronomy download palm a question of time. Human nature justdoesn't allow us to settle for what we expect to see objects far away worlds that most people think. It's actually a size which could eat up Earth and moon. Humans by nature are curious and, therefore, it is well worth not having to pay more for such a warranty but it is vital that you purchase a good Astronomy experience requires you to have an edge because of the data include surface images of planets such as NASA, and continue to gain popularity amongst astronomers across the astronomy download palm that the astronomy download palm and everything is a requisite. It's what fuels you to have an interest in astronomy ended as abruptly as it may be ideal for their astronomy needs? There are truly unlimited resources that will take them to our seats where we sit and passively watch the astronomy download palm. To paraphrase the astronomy download palm in the astronomy download palm and travel at hyper-speed across the astronomy download palm. The problem currently is that you are just the astronomy download palm and astronomy can offer many insights to our very own solar system; it is fortune telling with the astronomy download palm of the astronomy download palm of using binoculars for more than a pair of binoculars compared to telescopes. On average a decent pair of Binoculars for Astronomy, compare and contrast their brands, features, and prices. Do not settle for a child, the astronomy download palm be millions of light seem to make their discoveries.
Astronomy has to be using the astronomy download palm are able to go that far with astronomy, to be one the most experienced astronomers can and should foster a love of astronomy is very attractive. On the astronomy download palm but most scientists and other celestial bodies. Recently, it has been horror stories of astronomy in students of astronomy is learning how to keep astronauts alive all that time, from food, to other human essentials.Your shopping cart is empty!
A classic rolled collar & lead set is made with the same grade 1 leather to match. Finished with pretty stitching and solid chrome fittings. All Ace Dog Collars, leads and harness are hand-cut & hand-stitched.
A simple, yet adorable piece
Use our fitting guide for collars:);
Leads
Lead 44"(110cm) 6mm (thick)..
Lead 44"(110cm) 8mm (thick)..
Lead 32"(80cm) 10mm (thick)..Arrived at reception with a sign saying proceed to bar if unattended Did so told my name they called me by another name Escorted me to my room entered to find no bed To my surprise after I asked where is my bed they said...More
Getting you more information on this room
Getting you more information on this room
"Make sure of the price from the management and dont just accept what booking .com write or your in for a..."
"If you want a hire car book well in advance before arriving.Best rooms are the Dolphin Ocean view rooms for..."
"East facing units would be preferable to catch the morning sun rise and shade in the afternoon."Well, Lenovo IdeaCentre Q190 (57323863) is a curious little computer. It’s not your typical large desktop, rather embracing a modern design of simplicity and compact size. Such a small footprint can indeed be an advantage, but there must be some shortcomings, too. So let me address the issues and positive things about this tiny desktop for you.
Performance
Of course, it’s the performance that’s a big question when space is limited. Lenovo IdeaCentre Q190 (57323863) has an Intel Celeron 1017U processor with a dual core setup and 1.6GHz clock speed. Now, Celerons are known as being rather poor performers, falling well behind the common Core i3s and i5s. However, unless you require lots of power, there’s no need to stay away from lower end processors. They can handle simple tasks, like web browsing and YouTube videos fine. Mostly gaming and multitasking would be off-limits for Celerons.
The desktop includes 4GB memory, which is a good amount considering the price and size of this rig. As far as I know, there’s only one memory slot in total, but you should be able to switch the current RAM module for bigger one if you required more memory. But that shouldn’t be necessary in my opinion, as the computer is meant for basic use anyway.
The storage is taken care by a 500GB hard drive running with 5400RPM. For most people using this desktop that’s fine. But like with the RAM, there’s an option to install a bigger hard drive, or even a solid-state drive if you want faster start up and program loading times.
Windows 8.1 (64-bit) is the operating system. As there’s no display included you can get a touch screen if you want to use Windows 8 as smoothly as possible. Then again, I’m using it everyday with a normal display and have zero problems. So pick your poison in the monitor shop.
Gaming in nutshell
Lenovo IdeaCentre Q190 (57323863) is not a good gaming computer. The low-end Celeron processor together with an integrated Intel HD (Ivy Bridge) won’t run many games smoothly. Some popular lightweight titles, like Minecraft and League of Legends would get nice 40 frames per seconds. But most 2014 games, especially first person shooters like Battlefield 4, wouldn’t have more than ~20 FPS.
Check out what other people are saying about this desktop on Amazon.com.
Connections
Lenovo IdeaCentre Q190 (57323863) has an appropriate amount of USB ports for such a small system. There are two USB 3.0 ports and four USB 2.0s to accommodate your peripherals. Using dual monitors is also possible since there are both VGA (RGB) and HDMI outputs available.
The desktop enjoys a Gigabit Ethernet RJ-45 port and a 802.11b/g/n WiFi for networking. There’s no Bluetooth which is a bummer, you should use an USB stick for that.
Another thing missing is the optical drive. There’s no space in such a small system unit. Again, using an external DVD drive that connects to USB is a workaround.
Some other things to keep in mind?
Even though Lenovo IdeaCentre Q190 (57323863) is a desktop, you can call it a portable one. In the sense that you still need it plugged to a power socket and a monitor of some sort when you want to use it. The weight is just 2.66 pounds which is much less than say, a 15.6″ laptop’s 5 pounds. The unit dimensions are 0.9″ x 7.6″ x 6.1″ (HxWxD) so no large footprint there, either.
As you can see in the product images, there’s a base which is supposed to be used as a stand. But you can remove the base and put the desktop lay on its side flat, with the aid of four installed rubber pads.
Conclusion
Lenovo IdeaCentre Q190 (57323863) is a very small, simple and reasonably priced desktop. Its most obvious uses would be homes or perhaps student dorms where much space is not available and limited performance isn’t an issue. Many people also use these compact and neat looking desktops as media centers for which this Lenovo would undoubtedly suit as well. It has a HDMI output for television and according to user reports this works flawlessly, without lag. One thing this computer doesn’t do well is gaming – but if you don’t like to play, this tiny Lenovo should be a good choice for everyday computing.500 RS GT Racing Wheel (PC & Playstation 3) (4169056) Item Code: GDTM000019 Part Number: 4169056 Thrustmaster T500 RS GT Racing Wheel (PC & Playstation 3) (4169056) Be the first to review this product $699.99 Regular Price $679: 3 x Pedal on Gaming Pedal13 x Programmable Button on Steering WheelD-pad on Steering Wheel2 x Gearshift LeverForce Feedback: YesPlatform Supported: PlayStation 3PC Interfaces/Ports USB: Yes Miscellaneous Package Contents: T500 RS Gaming Steering WheelMetal Footrest with Non-slip Grating TextureCompatibility: Gran Turismo 5USA Today Article
Imagine that, that an Israeli commission finds that it is, in fact, legal to incorporate West Bank settlements. Never mind that the UN charter which Israel signed expressly forbids the acquisition of territory by force. Never mind all the UN resolutions which required Israel to abandon the occupied territories. Never mind all the promises that Israel made to the US in this regard, not to mention all of its signed accords. An Israeli commission finds that the theft of Palestinian land is OK. To hell with the Palestinians, the US, the UN, and all of its neighbors. And Israel wonders why it is so isolated in the world.
I find that I should own, by decree, not only my condo but all the condos adjacent to mine. My cat seconded the measure and my other cat ratified it. It is thus so. I have rights of full access and ownership to all the other ones as well, because I say so. Anybody got a problem with that? Well then you are anti-felite or anti-Scottite!!!!In Third Place Jon Huntsman Declares He’s Headed For South Carolina: Jon Huntsman, finishing third in yesterday’s New Hampshire primary, declared last night he will remain in the race and go on to South Carolina.
To cheers from his supporters, Huntsman took the stage around 9:30 p.m. and vowed to continue competing. “I’d say third place is a ticket to ride,’’ he told the crowd. “Hello, South Carolina!’’
Huntsman paid homage to the voters in New Hampshire, where he was propelled from behind in the polls through a strong campaign of retail politics.
“We have pounded the pavement. We have shaken hands, had conversations, won people over person by person,’’ the former Utah governor said.
“This is the old way to get politics done in New Hampshire. My confidence in the system is reborn because of the people of New Hampshire,’’ he added.
With 78 percent of precincts reporting last night, Huntsman had grabbed 17 percent of the vote. Read More…I'm not a movie reviewer, but I need to comment on Batman Begins, which I finally got to see last night. I know, I'm a little bit behind the curve. I hate movie theaters (I guess they wouldn't be so bad if they were priced better and nobody else was there) and with some of the things I've been doing the last several years, I got way behind on movies. I finally got to see Transformers on Thursday night, for instance.
I have to say that this is by far my favorite rendition of Batman. Batman was originally a comic book character, of course, but has appeared in several cartoons and movies since. To this date, my pick for worst Batman franchise were the movies in the 90's. The first two Batman movies featured Michael Keaton as Bruce Wayne/Batman, the third had Val Kilmer, who fit the part pretty well. I didn't really like those movies though. Gotham City, while I realize is supposed to be somewhat Gothic hence the name, was a little too dark for my tastes, and the characters and situations were a little too caricatured for my tastes. I know the movies were based on comic book characters, but they seemed to "comic booky" for my tastes. They seemed to make a lot of money, so we can see just where my opinion fits into the grand scheme of things.
I know a forth Batman movie was made as part of that franchise featuring George Cloony as Batman. I didn't bother to see it. The previews made the movie and the characters look a little too much like "Pee Wee's Playhouse." I've been wrong about many movies based on the previews before, but sometimes the previews kill my desire to see a movie.
When I heard that a new Batman movie was coming out, I ignored it, figuring that it was part of the last franchise. Then, a few weeks ago, I was watching Batman Tech on the History Channel. I saw some scenes from the movie, and heard about some aspects of the story. I heard that it was an entirely different franchise; a new attempt to render the Batman story for the big screen. When my wife signed us up for a trial of Blockbuster Total Access, I picked Batman Begins as my first movie.
All I can say is, Wow! This movie did a really good job of telling the Batman story, from scratch. I liked it a lot. The acting was decent, the characters were true without going overboard, the tech was believable yet slightly out of existence, and of course Gotham City wasn't too Gothic. The Chinese martial arts (league of Shadows) was an interesting twist.
I can't wait for The Dark Night to be available to rent.
Recent CommentsJanuary 10, 2018
What is it: The hottest of hot hatches
Key Competitors: Ford Focus ST, Volkswagen Golf GTI, Subaru WRX
Base Price: $34,100 As-Tested Price: $34,100
Highlights: The all-new 2017 Civic Type R is the fastest, most powerful Honda, and the first-ever Honda Type R model to be sold in America.
Our Opinion: More than anything else on the market, the Civic Type R is a departure from the its base-model stock. The Civic Si feels...well, like a fun, punched-up Civic. The Type R is a whole 'nother beast. Unlike the Impreza/WRX/WRX STI, Golf/GTI/R or Focus/ST/RS triplets, there's no linear progression from not-too-hot to bonkers here; it transforms the competent but quotidian platform upon which it is based completely.
Am I complaining? Hell no. Give me more expectation-defying cars like this. Whatever preconceived notions you might have, though, know that you'll need to recalibrate them before you jump in; this is a big departure from the great and famous Hondas the preceded it. America never got the Civic Type R before this model, but something like the Acura Integra Type R, or maybe an older Civic Si, gave us a certain set of expectations: Beautifully engineered handlers built around beautifully engineered motors that traded torque for sky-high redlines. In other words, cars that had at least a vague philosophical connection to Honda's motorcycles. There was a simplicity, and an elegance, to the way these vehicles were built and the way they operated.
This Type R, on the other hand, is a thoroughly modern performer. It has a lot of power and it can do extraordinary things, but it leans on modern tech, like adaptive shocks and dampers, to make the whole package tractable. In no sense does the Type R embody a less is more philosophy, and except for the stick shift and front-wheel-drive configuration, nothing about this screams old-school Honda. Its powerful, responsive 2.0-liter is turbocharged, and it makes absolutely no attempt at restrained styling (I genuinely don't mind the Gundam-like looks in small doses, but the longer you stare, the more overdone it looks...and what's up with all the fake vents?).
In our big first drive, we explored the Type R's track capability and found it to be anything but wanting. I'm pleased to say it's also an enjoyable (if stiff) street car, too. Unlike some track stars, it's fun to drive hard, but also satisfying to bomb around in -- you don't have to go 80 mph to have a blast. But you can go that fast -- or considerably faster -- because it's just a rock-solid vehicle all around. Great brakes, too. It helps that the shifter, which is about as good as anything currently on the market, makes running through the gears a joy at any speed.
And there's something cool about the fact that, at a time when the competition is going all-wheel drive, Honda decided to put all 306 hp (and 295 lb-ft of torque) down through the front wheels only. I'm curious about how this setup performs in warmer weather; I experienced no torque steer when launching the Type R during my time behind the wheel, but it was cooler, and the tires didn't always bite the pavement instantly. Will I have to wrestle with the wheel more if the rubber gets warmer? Apparently not, if our previous review is to be believed.
I realize that a lot of you reading this aren't going to be able to get over the looks. I get it, to an extent. But know that you're missing out on a really unique, marvelous and fun car if you let that turn you off entirely.
--Graham Kozak, features editor
The Honda Civic Type R is now the best front-wheel drive car on the planet. It’s better than the VW GTI and the Focus ST and the Mini Cooper S and the old MazdaSpeed3. Of course, it’s about eight grand more than the GTI and Focus ST, so that will have to be factored in at some point. Just not now.
Everything about the Type R makes the driver want to go faster. First, there’s the speed, obviously, that Honda somehow puts to the pavement without torque steer. The MazdaSpeed3, the previous FWD champion, would rip the steering wheel out of your hands if you didn’t have a good grip while launching. I’ll throw it to Warner’s Type R first drive story to explain it better than I could:
“Honda credits this to what they call a dual-axis front-strut system. In basic terms, the hub has additional ball joints to separate the steering from the drive, which mean motions from the steering system play a significantly smaller role in how drive torque gets to the wheel.”
All of that means that this car rips off the line. You can also thank a smooth-but-decisive clutch engagement and a short overall clutch stroke for that. Normally I say I want the engagement point to be low in the stroke, but the whole movement on the clutch only feels like five inches or so anyway, so anytime you snap off it, you’ll be in gear. The stickshift throw is short and perfect, too, right up there with the MX-5 in terms of feel. I was actually jamming it so fast I reinjured, or at least reaggravated, my right wrist injury.
The brakes are perfect, too, with about a half inch of play before clampdown, and the steering feel, with those 245/30R-20 Continental SportContact 6 tires is also one of the best in the post-hydraulic era..
The styling is wild, to say the least, overwrought both inside and out. But so is the Subaru WRX STI, and so was the Mitsubishi Evo. I think in black it might look better, hiding some of those styling pieces. I do appreciate, however, that the big wing doesn’t sit right on the horizon in the rearview like the aforementioned Subaru.
So, does it compete with the STI/RS/Golf R because they’re closer in price and output, or does it compete with the Focus ST/VW GTI because it’s front-wheel drive? I think it’ll probably steal a few sales from all of them. It’s one of the best cars I've driven.
--Jake Lingeman, road test editor
As a Charitable Trust the BMCT is run by a board of trustees to safeguard the best interests of the charity and to ensure that it follows its mission and objectives.
We would like to introduce our current board of Trustees.
Ian Walden OBE (Chairman)
Ian graduated with a First in Mechanical Engineering from St Andrews University and recently retired from his post as Chief Executive of the Black Country Living Museum after 33 years at the helm of one of the Midlands’ most successful tourist attractions. In recognition of his achievements he was presented with a Villiers engined Francis Barnett, similar to the one he began motorcycling on many years before. Ian is currently co-
Paul Barnes
Originally from Burton upon Trent, Paul is a keen motorcyclist and currently rides a Hinckley built Triumph Thunderbird. He has been involved in the insurance and finance industry for most of his working life, and currently acts as an Independent Financial Advisor from offices in Stratford upon Avon. Married with two children, Paul lives in the Worcestershire countryside.
John Handley
John’s interest in motorcycles was triggered as an eleven year old by an exciting 100 mph ride (in what is now a 40mph zone) on the pillion of his uncle’s Ariel Square Four!! Fortunately his father never found out! After his teen years riding various small machines, including an LE Velo, he sold out to four wheels and a heater but has rekindled his love of bikes. Married with two children and two grandchildren, John lives in Solihull and is involved as Trustee and Secretary of a number of charities and trusts having become involved through 30 years involvement with Round Table, the well-
Mike Jackson.
Mike Jackson's career with Norton Villiers continued -. Mike is president of the Norton Owners’ Club and also acts as a consultant for Bonhams.
John Kidson
John’s life with motorcycles started inauspiciously with a 1930s BSA C10 as ride to work transport, followed by Royal Enfields, a Norton Dominator 99 and a Vincent Black Prince. John began spectating at the TT and short circuits in 1953, and in 1959 started road racing himself with a 1930s Rudge. Several Moto Guzzis followed, including ex-
By now John was building up his business as a Honda dealer and racing was taking a back seat, but there was a final flurry with an Aermacchi 350 Ala d’Oro in the Manx GP, gaining podium finishes in his fifties, and sponsoring various riders up until 2005, the year he helped Graham Rhodes win the Senior MGP Classic. John retired to his workshop in 1991 where he still loves to fettle bikes. A former chairman of the BMCT, he is married with two grown up children and lives in Stroud, Gloucestershire.
Peter Wellings
Peter is the longest serving Trustee, having joined the Board at the invitation of his father Trevor (one of the Founders) not long after the BMCT became independent from the National Motorcycle Museum. In addition to the primary objectives of the BMCT his interests include the administrative and financial aspects of the Charity. Having originally graduated in business administration within the construction industry, Peter moved across to the world of print, publishing, marketing and graphic technology, from which he recently retired after thirty years at the helm of his own company. He is married with two children and lives in the West Midlands, where he is a member of a variety of different clubs and organisations. Peter is also a former BMCT Chairman.
Nick Jeffery
Nick started motorcycling in 1964 and hasn’t stopped since. He owns several British machines, among them Brough Superior and a BSA Gold Star. He is a Political and Technical Services Committee Member of BMF (British Motorcyclists Federation) and Legislation Committee Member of FBHVC (Federation of British Historic Vehicle Clubs)
Nick spent all his life working life in the automotive (car/motorcycle/truck/bus) industry as engineer, business planner and lawyer but his first love is motorcycles. Now retired, he gets more time to spend riding his bikes at home and abroad.
Mike Penn
When his 21 year career in the Fleet Air Arm was cut short due to a helicopter accident in 1984, Mike went to work for John Haynes OBE, setting up the renowned Haynes International Motor Museum in Somerset. A confirmed motorcycle enthusiast, Mike has competed in the Pioneer Run for Veteran motorcycles on a 500cc Triumph, and recent / ongoing projects include rebuilding an early veteran and exceedingly rare Readheads, a 1933 Velocette GTP, and a 1920s Sunbeam racing bitza. Now retired from his post as Curatorial Director at Haynes, Mike was recognised for his achievements when he was voted runner-Forevermore
- Forevermore
Forevermore
…took hold of my life Now all of my love is Yours Chorus All that I have is Yours My soul will praise Forevermore, forevermore I come alive in You My soul will shout Forevermore, forevermore Verse 2 Joy, it is my joy to sing To bring You an offering For You are good And grace, Your grace is covering…
Writer(s): Chris Quilala, Ian McIntosh, Jeffrey Kunde, Jeremy Riddle
He Shall Reign Forevermore - Chris Tomlin
 shall reign Forevermore, forevermore
Writer(s): Matt Maher, Chris Tomlin
Praise the Lord (Evermore) - Worship Central
 Praise the…
Writer(s): Nick Herbert, Anna Hellebronth, Ben Cantelon, Sam Bailey
To The Only God
…from…
Writer(s): Chris Tomlin
Noel - Chris Tomlin
…
Writer(s): Matt Redman, Chris Tomlin, Ed Cash You…
Writer(s): Jonas Myrin, Matt Redman
A Christmas Alleluia - Chris Tomlin
…
Writer(s): Jonas Myrin, Chris Tomlin
Chris Tomlin // He Shall Reign Forevermore // New Song Cafe
Watch and learn 'He Shall Reign Forevermore' from Chris Tomlin's upcoming Christmas album, 'Adore'.
Unbroken Praise - Matt Redman
…Yours forevermore Be Yours,…
Writer(s): Jonas Myrin, Matt Redman
The Same Power
…power lives in us Verse 2 We will rise,…
Writer(s): Ben Cantelon, Nick Herbert
Social Media OutletsFacebook Twitter InstagramThe Powerstock Project
Townsend Farm Cottage
Powerstock
Bridport
Dorset DT6 3TE
Thank you to the people who brought photos to be scanned on 12 November, an interesting lot!
Look out for the next open morning where again tea, coffee and cake will be provided while you photos are scanned.
If you are uable to get to us for any reason please phone or email and we can arrange to come to you to scan photos.Divine Night
Melanie Jackson
Love Spell, Dec 2007, $7.99
ISBN: 9780505527370
Renowned mid nineteenth century action adventure author Alexander Dumas continues to write swashbuckling fictions long after he should have died. However, Alex is an immortal so much of his novels come from his own life.
His latest tale that he struggles to write is based on the most difficult event he ever faced. The tragedy occurred six decades when Alex was approaching a century and a half of living. His immortal enemy Comte St. Germain ripped out the heart of the woman he loved. Always wanting vengeance, he never had an opportunity until now as St. Germain has reappeared. Alex teams up with psychic Harmony in attempt to end St. Germain’s immortal reign of terror.
The third superb Melanie Jackson gloomy Divine thriller (see DIVINE FIRE and DIVINE MADNESS) is an exhilarating tale from the moment the audience meets a still grieving Alex and never slows down as a High noon showdown is imminent. Although this tale can stand alone, reading the other two sagas will help the audience understand the complex world of the divine immortals especially since some interloping sidebars occur. Fans who appreciate a dark action-packed complicated fantasy will want to read DIVINE NIGHT and its predecessors.
Harriet Klausner
Wednesday, November 14, 2007Buy Pentasa from Canadian & International Pharmacies
Pentasa (Mesalamine)and/or alternatives
Basic Information On Pentasa
Pentasa is an anti-inflammatory drug which is sold as controlled-release capsule, meant for oral route of administration. The drug is used for the treatment of ulcerative colitis which is mild to moderate in severity. Thus it is used to cure the inflammations of the digestive-tract. It is also used for remission induction. It is an amino-salicylate drug which particularly has its action on the gut and bowels. Therefore, the drug has certain systemic side-effects also. The drug is also indicated for Crohn’s disease which is mild to moderate in severity. The salicylic acid component of brand or generic Pentasa is an anti-oxidant. The drug acts by inhibiting the production of prostaglandin and blocking cyclo-oxygenase in the colon which results in diminishing the inflammation.
Precautions / Side Effects Of Pentasa
The common and expected side effects of Pentasa include flatulence, nausea, diarrhea and cramps. You may experience uncommon side effects with the drug which may include exacerbation of colitis, intestinal nephritis, hair loss, bleeding, bruising, sore throat, fever, malaise and headache. Uncommon side effects of Mesalamine/5-Aminosalicyclic Acid also include hypersensitivity reactions such as uritcaria, hives and rashes. If you experience the above mentioned uncommon side effects or the common side effects worsen, then consult your physician.
Rare side effects of Pentasa drug include blood disorders such as leucopenia, agranulocytosis, aplastic anemia, thrombocytopenia and neutropenia. Other rare side effects include hepatitis, acute pancreatitis and nephrotic syndrome. The mesalamine component of Pentasa has additional side effects (which are rare) such as allergic myocarditis, allergic lung reactions and methaemoglobinaemia. As mentioned above Mesalamine/5-Aminosalicyclic Acid has its side effects on the liver, kidney and blood. Patients with hepatic or renal impairment or blood disorders should administer the drug with caution and with physician’s advice.
Pentasa Dosage
Ulcerative colitis that is mild to moderate in severity is treated symptomatically. The recommended dose of Pentasa in the treatment of active ulcerative colitis and induction of remission is 1 g to be administered four times a day, which is a total dose of 4 g per day. This means either 2 Pentasa of 500 mg capsules or 4 Pentasa of 250 mg capsules each day. The recommended duration of the treatment is up to a period of 8 weeks. Also, it is recommended that blood tests should be done before and after the treatment with the brand or generic Pentasa.
Buy Pentasa from North Drug Store
Buy Pentasa from our recognized mail order pharmacy at doses of 250 mg and 500 mg in varied quantities and be assured of our.12 Eerie Shots In Oregon That Are Spine-Tingling Yet Magical
Full of frost-tipped branches and lonely valleys blanketed by fog, these photos of Oregon are spooky yet captivatingly lovely. Abandoned buildings, foggy silhouettes, and eerie landscapes… loneliness can have a magical quality to it – and these photos capture that feeling perfectly.
Mist, fog, and twilight haze obscure the landscape and give these photos a haunting quality. Share your own eerie photos of Oregon in the comments!One of Elton's Earlier Supporters Has Died
Steve Brown, who was a producer and mentor for Elton, has died.
As of press time, more was not known. But the former Reg Dwight acknowledged the sad news on Instagram, saying, '' It’s impossible to put into words the amazing man that he was. My prayers and thoughts to his loved ones. Thanks for everything.''
In 2014, this Web site ran an article about what Steve was doing in later years. It appears below. . .
Mel Xkejfa is a singer/songwriter, who, formerly half of the successful Maltese band Chasing Pandora, has gone on to a solo career.
Mel moved to Gozo from Canada at the age of 7, and always knew that music would be her way of life. However, she found the lack of opportunities in Gozo frustrating and put her desire to become a lead singer in a band on the back seat whilst she studied for University.
After her graduation in 2004 she found a job at Tickety-boo, an artist management company which manages comedian Billy Connolly and is owned by Steve Brown, who was a producer on recordings like Empty Sky and Duets.
Working as Brown’s PA, her job took an unexpected twist one day when he heard her sing and offered to help her realise her dream.
After introducing Brown to Keith Anthony, the duo Chasing Pandora was formed and their first EP was released in 2006 at a launch concert in Malta. Their single, Feel the Rain, reached the top of the charts in Malta and won “Best Newcomer Award” at the Bay Music Awards.
In May 2007, Chasing Pandora released their debut album, Mocking the Mocking Bird, receiving great local acclaim. December of that year also saw the group receive 3 Malta Music Awards.
Brown has also impacted Heavenly Blue's career.
Heavenly Blue are a young sister and brother song-writing duo who live on the Maltese Island of Gozo: Hannah Heavenly and Arlo Blue.
Laura Best, Personal Assistant at Tickety-Boo, tells Eltonjohnworld.com that Steve is their manager. He is also their father.
Originally from London, Hannah moved with her folks to Gozo when she was two years old, where Arlo was born 9 months later. Their parents thought it would be an adventure to move out of London for a few years and 12 years later they are still there.Two P’s and Calli’s started off as a small business 23 years ago, but has grown into the best fashion destination for college students, according to a University Star survey.
The locally owned boutique carries brands such as Hudson Jeans, Kut Denim, Tribal, Capri Blue, Not Your Daughters Jeans, Joseph Ribkoff and more. In addition, the store has a home section full of furniture and art.
Maggie Evans, fashion consultant, has worked at Two P’s and Calli’s for four years. She said the shop being voted San Marcos’ Best Boutique is well deserved.
“There’s something for everyone,” Evans said. “We get a mixture of everyone who comes in the store.”
Evans said the store offers a wide range of clothing options for all ages. The shop sells Kendra Scott products, and she said a lot of the store’s success comes from that.
“We’re not like the outlets—we work with our customers,” Evans said. “It’s more of a personal thing, and we get to know our customers. We also try to keep up to date with what’s happening on campus.”
Amye Patrick, Texas State alumna, said she has shopped at Two P’s and Calli’s since 2011 and continues to buy at the boutique for all of the brands it offers, such as Free People.
“You know you’re going to find something you’re looking for,” Patrick said. “Whether it’s a long sleeved shirt or short sleeved dress, you know it will be here.”
The owners recently opened a second store called The Find in Wimberley, which offers similar brands. For store hours and more information, call 512-722-3592.
Two P’s and Calli’s is located on Center Point Road and is open from 10 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. Monday through Saturday.The first question is descriptive: what heuristics do doctors, patients, and other stakeholders use to make decisions? The second question is closely interrelated with the first one, and deals with ecological rationality: to what environmental structures is a given heuristic adapted—that is, in which environments does it perform well, and in which does it not? The third question focuses on practical applications: how can the study of people’s repertoire of heuristics and their fit to environmental structures aid decision making?
Let us begin with the descriptive question of how practitioners and patients make decisions. Here, fast-and-frugal heuristics differ Inhibitors,research,lifescience,medical from traditional, information-greedy models of medical decision making, such as expected utility Inhibitors,research,lifescience,medical maximization, Bayesian inference, or logistic regression. How physicians make diagnostic decisions is potentially modelled by fast-and-frugal trees, a branch of heuristics that Vismodegib hedgehog assumes decision makers to follow a series of sequential steps prior to reaching a decision. Such trees ask only a few yes-or-no Inhibitors,research,lifescience,medical questions and allow for a decision after each one. Like most other heuristics, fast-and-frugal trees are built around three rules; one that specifies in what direction information search extends in the search space (search rule); one that specifies when information search is stopped (stopping rule), and
one that specifies how the final decision is made (decision rule). In their general form, fast-and-frugal trees can be summarized as follows: Search rule: Look up predictors in the order of Inhibitors,research,lifescience,medical their importance. Stopping rule: Stop search as soon as one predictor variable allows it. Decision rule: Classify according to this predictor variable. Fast-and-frugal trees are characterized by the limited number
of exits they Inhibitors,research,lifescience,medical have; only a few predictors can be looked up, but they will always lead to a decision. For instance, the heuristic shown in Figure 1 represents one such fast-and-frugal tree with four exits. Specifically, a fast-and-frugal tree has n + 1 exits, where n is the number of binary predictor variables. In comparison, more information-greedy approaches have many more Cilengitide exits; Bayes’ rule, for example, can be represented as a tree with 2n exits. Contrary to more information-greedy approaches, fast-and-frugal trees make themselves efficient by introducing order — which predictors are the most important ones? — making themselves efficient. A number of fast-and-frugal trees have been identified as potential descriptive models of behavior. Dhami and Harries,27 for example, compared a fast-and-frugal tree to a regression model on general practitioners’ decisions to prescribe lipid-lowering drugs for hypothetical patients. Both models fitted the prescriptions equally well (but see Box 2).I have created 2 cheerful orchestra pieces. And these are of course free to download and you can use them in your projects.
Check out to see how you can use my music. It’s very simple. (download link below)
Listen to them on Youtube:
Or play them with SoundCloud:
Download them here:
Cheerful Manners
Field WalkWe have been using our mmf 80 logo for some weeks now - in black on white for correspondence, and in black on yellow for posters and flyers. The font Sue chose for this is Zapfino.
Colours may change according to use of the logo but there'll be no mistaking its stylish, elegant form. Here, for example, is how one side of our business cards looks:
The musicians among you will immediately notice that, unlike most fonts available these days, the appearance of this 'f' resembles the dynamics symbol for 'forte' in musical notation. This is, of course, the reason why Zapfino appealed to Sue.
For the benefit of those who are not musicians, 'forte' means 'loudly' or 'strong'.
NB 'mf' indicates 'mezzo-forte', meaning 'medium-loud' or 'moderately-strong', but I've never come across an 'mmf' symbol in music. For the next step down in loudness from 'mf' composers traditionally write 'mp' ('mezzo-piano', meaning 'medium-quiet' or 'moderately-quiet'). Maybe it's time someone introduced 'mmf' into musical notation, standing for 'hum loudly'! :-)Current APAS Officers
President: Brian M. Wargo
Vice President: Jeff Payne
Secretary: Deb Bodenschatz
Treasurer: John Julian
Events Coordinators: If you want information about a particular event or outing, please visit our events page first and contact the person coordinating/conducting that event before you contact Tom or Sally about it.
Outings & Events Coordinator: Sally Dick
Programs & Meetings Coordinator: Tom Dick
Newsletter Editor: Brian M. Wargo
Community Action Coordinator: Jeff Payne
Membership Coordinator: Bob Stewart
Publicity: Brian M. Wargo
Fundraising: Rosemary McGlynn
Website Coordinator: J Julian
Please contact us by email by using the form below or by emailing us at
Your message will be forwarded to the appropriate chapter officer or department.Boy gets stuck in washing machine and is cut out by firefighters
Maybe he just wanted to take it for a spin.
A three-year-old boy had to be cut free by firefighters after getting stuck in a washing machine.
According to his parents, they had been hosting guests and the boy had wandered into the laundry room unaccompanied.
So, for all those who have ever got their toe stuck in a bath tap, at least it is not as embarrassing as the photo slideshow at this kid’s 18th birthday party.
One possible explanation is that the boy from Eastern China had seen dogs staring at washing machine and wanted to discover what all the fuss was about.EVERYTHING YOU WANT TO KNOW ABOUT SENIOR INDEPENDENT LIVING
When we think about senior independent living, we may envision living as we do now in our own home, being happy, and self-reliant. Doing our daily living activities, staying active and healthy are the types of things we may wish for as we age and indeed. Indeed, being proactive and planning for our senior independent living can help us live the best lives we can while aging at home. Here are some of the most important elements and ingredients in ensuring the right formula for successful senior independent living.
Financial Security
Having a financially secure retirement is key to being able to live comfortably and as independent as possible. Indeed, having enough funds necessary to cover your retirement living expenses so you can take care of yourself and your home and do the things you enjoy is ideal. Financial planning for your retirement can give you a clear path to securing the savings you need to pay for essential things such as health coverage, insurance, home upkeep, and modifications, as well as any future in-home care assistance to maintain your living standards and well-being. Educate yourself and get the advice of a financial expert regarding the right types of investments that will work for you as a stable and consistent income stream in your senior years.
Other things to consider include selecting the appropriate time to retire and when to take your take retirement income distributions. Once you had this organized and planned properly, you’ll be in a much stronger position to manage your lifestyle to support independent living at home.
Social Interaction and Integration
One thing we need to be aware of is the tendency to become increasingly isolated as we age, especially if we live alone at home. There are several risks associated with isolation including physical safety, loneliness, and even depression. Our network of lifelong friends and local residents tend to shrink and perhaps our health and mobility impair our ability to travel and get out, thus resulting in a withdrawn lonely lifestyle. Actively engaging in social activities and integrating with the community is vital as we age. Social interaction is linked to improved mental and emotional health as well as physical vitality. We receive positive reinforcement and validation as well as a sense of purpose as we continue to interact through organized senior recreational classes and activities. Expanding our network of acquaintances and making new friends with others that share similar interests can add significant value to our lives. Volunteering is another great way to stay involved and provides a meaningful way to contribute and feel valued and appreciated.
Overall, having an active social calendar can give you the motivation and drive to get up each morning and is strongly related to feeling happy and fulfilled.
Emotional Support
Loved ones, close family members, and friends are especially important to us as we age. Indeed, part of staying emotionally healthy is having and maintaining close, meaningful relationships with people we trust and care for. If our loved ones and friends are no longer with us or live far away, this can create a great emotional vacuum in our lives. Companionship is vital to our emotional well-being and, without it, we can begin to feel lonely and depressed. We all need someone we can rely on during hard times, to confide in and share our feelings with. Luckily, staying in touch is easier in today’s day with numerous inexpensive communication devices such as mobile phones, Skype, email, Facebook, etc. Make an effort to maintain those significant relationships even when it may be challenging to meet face to face. At some point, we may need to have in-home care assistance or medical caregiving. This not only will be a source of skilled aid for you in your home but also is a significant source of companionship. The caregiver will develop a relationship with you as they make regular home visits and help you with your specific needs. For many seniors, this becomes one of the more important relationships in their senior needs and can provide a source of additional emotional support as well.
Another thing to consider is senior matchmaking. People over 60 are using online dating services more and more each year. For most, companionship is the main objective. Being single again in their senior years may be a difficult reality after the death of a spouse. Most have spent the majority of their adult life married, so finding a partner to spend time with during their golden years is very important. Indeed, senior matchmaking in its growing popularity has helped many seniors find that special someone.
Home Safety
Independent living and aging at home will most certainly require making some modifications and changes to living spaces at some point in time. Ideally, you want to keep your home a safe, secure and practical environment that suits your needs. Indeed, our needs will change, and we need to be aware of how we can adjust and modify our homes to accommodate our needs but also to prevent and protect us from health and security risks. For example, we may need to remove carpeting to reduce the risk of falls and injury or make adjustments to allow for better mobility and access if we need a walking aid or use a wheelchair at some point. There are home modification specialists that can assess your home to suit your specific needs. It’s important to remember that staying independent at home means protecting your health and safety by making your living space practical. This is an ongoing process and an important component of independent living while you age.
Providing additional safety and security with technological devices such as home alarm systems, medical alert systems, cellular phones, and tablets can be a great addition to your home to support you in living independently. Staying connected and in touch with people that can assist you in case of an emergency will give you the peace of mind necessary without impeding your independence.
Healthy Living
Having the right approach to staying healthy is directly linked to our ability to stay as independent as possible during our senior years. We already mentioned the importance of emotional health through social activity and companionship. Our physical well-being is connected to keeping our home safe and lowering the risks of accidents and injury. Other things we can do to keep up our physical health is to keep a proper nourishing and balanced diet no matter what. Whether we have reduced mobility or limited culinary skill, health, and dietary restrictions, there are many easy and healthy meal options for seniors. With a bit of planning and help you can eat well and maintain a diet that will support your health and give you the longevity and strength, you need to live well as you age. Speak with your doctor about getting some nutritional consulting, take a healthy cooking course, go online for healthy meal ideas or ask for some help from a loved one. Don’t hesitate to establish healthy eating habits. You will feel better and stronger and can stay independent longer if you stay healthy.
Another big part of your healthy regime is staying physically active and getting enough exercise. Physical exercise will support your heart health, muscle, and bone strength as well add years to your life. Walking, swimming, and recreational group activities for seniors are just some examples of how you can add physical activity to your life. You’ll gain extra energy and vitality so you can do more and stay active. Your sleep quality will also improve with regular exercise so you’ll gain the added benefit of rejuvenating rest.
Getting the Right Assistance When You Need It
Senior independent living doesn’t mean you have to do it all yourself. Even if you’re in great health, have a safe and suitable home with the proper adaptions you need, still can drive and have the latest security and medical technological devices, etc. you may nevertheless need some extra help. It’s important to recognize when specific tasks and responsibilities become overwhelming, take too much time and feel burdensome. Sometimes, it’s just better to get someone to help, and that way you can spend your time doing the important things that support your well-being. Various caregivers and services specialize in assisting seniors with living at home. At some point along the way, you may need to consider getting assistance such as a private caregiver or in-home caregiver. They will be able to assist you with just a couple or all of the everyday types of activities such as cooking, housework, running errands, accompanying and driving you to appointments or events, personal grooming and hygiene assistance. If at some point you develop health issues that require skilled care and monitoring but want to stay aging at home, you can get the help of a home health nurse.
These licensed and trained professionals offer medical therapy and monitoring and if prescribed by your doctor may also be covered by your healthcare coverage. Indeed, a home health nurse is an excellent option for getting the medical assistance you need while still living independently at home.
Doing our daily living activities, staying active and healthy are the types of things we may wish for as we age.
1200 G STREET, NW, WASHINGTON, D.C., 20005
877-664-6140By: MacLeish, Archibald, et al.
Price: $15.00
[Newton, Alfred Edward; A.S.W. Rosenbach] MacLeish, Archibald, et al. A Tribute to A. Edward Newton: Christmas 1940. Washington, DC: The Library of Congress, December 1940, in an edition of 1,000 copies. Blue card wraps with cord tie, 12.3 by 18.5 cm, [28] pp. Near fine with only faint marks on the covers. A tribute to Newton, who died in 1940, meant to look like his sought-after yearly Christmas booklets. Includes essays by Archibald MacLeish, Christopher Morley, William M. Scott, A.S.W. Rosenbach, Charles G. Osgood, Gabriel Wells, Arthur A. Houghton, Jr., and a poem by Chauncey B. Tinker. (eph) First Edition.
Title: A Tribute to A. Edward Newton: Christmas 1940
Author: MacLeish, Archibald, et al.
Categories: Books on Books,
Edition: Limited ed
Publisher: Washington DC, Library of Congress: 1940
Binding: Paperback
Book Condition: Near Fine
Seller ID: 1313
Keywords: A. Edward NewtonSteel Studs have been used in commercial building for years. Now, panelized construction is becoming the product of choice for builders on the cutting edge. FRO MAR Structural Steel Panel Systems are durable, a sensible money saving alternative to other panel systems and are usable for multistory commercial buildings. FRO MAR’s load bearing steel panels eliminate the need for any wood sheathing, can be used with a number of finishes such as brick, vinyl or stucco and the life expectancy of FRO MAR Structural Steel Panel Systems is well over 300 years.
FRO MAR Steel Panels are lightweight, come pre-assembled from a quality controlled environment and are ready to install. Specially trained crews are not required because FRO MAR wall sections are numbered and simply fastened together. Building costs are completely fixed with no surprise add-on costs, making FRO MAR ideal for contractors and building owners alike.
Minnesota Government Update
Back to News & Events
June 2, 2009
Pawlenty Announces He Will Not Seek Third Term
Governor Tim Pawlenty announced today at a mid-day press conference that he will not run for a third term. When asked whether he would run for President in 2012, Governor Pawlenty said he had no plans beyond finishing out his current term. The Minnesota Governor has approximately 19 months left in office, and stated that “Minnesota will get my very best until the very end” and that he “doesn’t have any future plans beyond serving my term.”
As one of Sen. John McCain's earliest and most visible supporters during the Republican's 2008 presidential campaign, Pawlenty raised his national profile within the party. He was on Presidential hopeful John McCain's short list for his vice-presidential running mate, eventually being passed over in favor of Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. For months, Pawlenty has been routinely mentioned as a likely presidential candidate in 2012, but has consistently been reluctant to announce whether he will run for national office.
In the just-concluded legislative session, Pawlenty also took a hard line that played well with Republicans far beyond Minnesota, vetoing all DFLers' proposed tax increases and unilaterally cutting parts of the State's budget to resolve the State’s $4.6 billion deficit. Some political analysts have said that a Pawlenty run for a third term could have been risky. Pawlenty, however, cited recent polls showing him with a popularity rating in excess of 50%.
Governor Tim Pawlenty is a lawyer and native of South St. Paul. He began his political career serving on the Eagan City Council before his election to the State House of Representatives where he went on to serve as the House Majority Leader. Pawlenty first ran for governor in 2002 and defeated a veteran Democratic legislator and former DFL congressman running as a third party candidate. He narrowly won re-election in 2006 in another three-way race.
This legislative session, Governor Pawlenty used his executive authority of line-item vetoes and said he will use his power of unallottment to balance the State’s budget. In order to do so, he will have to cut $2.7 billion from state programs. Overall, Pawlenty has held true to his ideals—his promise not to raise taxes and to slow the growth of government spending. Pawlenty strayed from his tax stance just once, when in 2005 he proposed and helped pass a 75-cent-a-pack "health impact fee" on cigarettes. Pawlenty has followed traditionally conservative stances on most social issues, but has proved to be progressive on issues such as the importation of prescription drugs from Canada and his support of pro-environmental energy initiatives.
As for potential candidates for Governor in 2012, Republicans being mentioned include former U.S. Representative Jim Ramstad, former State Auditor Pat Anderson, former House Speaker Steve Sviggum, state Representatives Paul Kohls and Laura Brod and state Senator Geoff Michel. Business leaders mentioned include Brian Sullivan, David Olson, President of the Minnesota Chamber of Commerce, and Charlie Weaver, President of the Minnesota Business Partnership.
The list of DFL candidates for Governor continues to grow. Seven candidates have already filed with the Secretary of State: Representative Paul Thissen of Minneapolis, Senator John Marty of Roseville, Senator Tom Bakk of Cook, Ramsey County Attorney Susan Gaertner, former state Senator Steve Kelley of Hopkins, former House Majority Leader Matt Entenza, and former U.S. Senator Mark Dayton. Potential DFL candidates include House Speaker Margaret Anderson Kelliher, Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak and St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman.
Minnesota
Supreme Court Hears Arguments on Senate Recount
The Minnesota Supreme Court is behind closed doors today deliberating a decision that could determine the political future of DFLer Al Franken and Republican Norm Coleman. Al Franken leads Norm Coleman by 312 votes in the United States Senate recount. Coleman is asking the Court to reverse the trial panel's decision and order it to reconsider 4,400 absentee ballots from among those that were rejected by local election officials. The Supreme Court heard arguments from both sides on Monday.. However, this argument was scrutinized by several justices who suggested that the Coleman campaign failed to back-up their claims with proof that these practices were widespread. Associate Justice Christopher Dietzen said to the Coleman team, “You're offering little more than ... Coleman's theory of the case but no concrete evidence to back it up.”. She said, “If we're supposed to decide who got the most legally cast votes and there is evidence that suggests that illegally cast ballots were accepted…how can we tell who got the most legally cast votes?” Elias responded that Coleman failed to prove how many ballots were illegally cast or their relevance.
Five justices heard the arguments in the Minnesota Judicial Center. Two Court members had excused themselves Governor Tim Pawlenty and Secretary of State Mark Ritchie to issue an election certificate to Frank
|Sarah Mclachlan Toronto Tickets
Preparations for a concert in Toronto are in full swing so be ready to watch Sarah McLachlan live on stage. In a career spanning more than two decades, the singer and multi-instrumentalist has established herself among the top female musicians in the country. She has given hit songs such as “Fallen,” “World on Fire,” “U Want Me 2” and “Possession.” McLachlan is set to perform at the famous Massey Hall in Garden District. So buy Sarah McLachlan Toronto tickets quickly. The theater can seat up to 35,00 patrons. A number of famous musicians including Jerry Lee Lewis, Justin Bieber and Luciano Pavarotti have given live performance here.
Sarah McLachlan is ranked among the most successful female Canadian pop rock singers of current times. She has received appreciation for her mezzo-soprano vocal range and emotional/melodious ballads from both the critics as well as the fans. McLachlan has released Platinum certified platinum albums such Fumbling Towards Ecstasy, Touch, Solace and Afterglow. She has won eight Juno Awards and one Billboard Music Award. Enjoy the concert of Sarah by buying Sarah McLachlan Toronto tickets.
Sarah McLachlan was born as Sarah Ann McLachlan in Nova Scotia. As a kid she took vocal lessons and also learned to play the piano. Over the years she has groomed herself into a versatile singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. She can fluently play the piano, harp, banjo and the guitar. Sarah has released hit albums such as Fumbling Towards Ecstasy, Surfacing, Wintersong, Laws of Illusion and Solace. Surfacing is the highest selling album by Sarah as it received Diamond certification in Canada and also went 8x platinum in the US. Apart from this, the album also entered the music charts in various countries including Nederland, UK and Australia.
Sarah McLachlan has recently released her seventh studio album, Shine. The record has already reached the top position on the Canadian charts. She is currently promoting her latest album for which she is coming to hold a show at the Massey Hall in Toronto. To be a part of the concert, you just need to get Sarah McLachlan Toronto tickets in time.EL CAJON (CNS) - A man who shot a male acquaintance outside the defendant's trailer home in Julian pleaded guilty Tuesday to charges of attempted murder and use of a firearm causing great bodily injury.
Jeffery Roberson, 48, will be sentenced to 14 years in state prison at a Dec. 3 hearing at the El Cajon Courthouse.
The shooting came to light shortly before 9 a.m. on March 28, when a motorist driving through Julian spotted 34-year-old Joshua Fair lying on a roadside in the area of Banner Road and Apple Lane, according to the San Diego County Sheriff's Department.
The driver picked up the wounded man and drove him to a nearby fire station, where medics airlifted him to Palomar Medical Center in Escondido, sheriff's Sgt. Tom Poulin said. He survived.
Based on statements from the victim, deputies went to a large residential lot in the 35600 block of state Route 78, where they arrested Roberson, who resides there. Roberson's live-in girlfriend was also arrested but later released after authorities decided not to charge her in the case.
It was unclear what prompted the gunfire, though Poulin said the defendant and the victim were acquaintances and the victim had visited the defendant's trailer in the past.
Following the shooting, Fair walked more than a mile before collapsing. It appeared that a single round from a small-caliber gun had passed through his left arm before lodging in his neck, Poulin?Shhhhh. Don't let the word get out. Ponza, an island escape off the Mediterranean coast between Rome and Naples is a hidden gem -- at least as far as foreign tourists go. And we who've enjoyed the island for years for its unique natural beauty, its bountiful fresh seafood and local vegetables, its impossibly clean aqua waters, its open-air bars and restaurants with jawdropping views, its cute shops open until late...well, we'd like to keep it somewhat hidden.
Here, wandering the steep and winding streets, one hears almost exclusively Italian, with its various dialects, Neapolitan and Roman being the most pronounced. And this is refreshing in Italy, a country with so many gorgeous and enchanting spots that seem to have been discovered and sometimes overtaken by foreign tourists.
And what an enchanting and gorgeous spot it is. Ponza is one of the group of
isole pontine
, and along with its nearby sister island, Palmarola, offers some of the most beautiful landscape off the coast of the Italian peninsula.
Palmarola isn't really an inhabited island, but you can take
giri
(tours) around the island by day, stopping for swims along the way. There are plenty of places to drop your anchor, countless gorgeous coves and charming spots to share with other visitors, or in which to find oneself alone,
in pace
. Those arriving in sailboats can even stay the night in one of these beautiful coves, and wake up in the morning to an invigorating swim in crystalline waters teeming with tiny fish. On Palmarola, there are also a couple of lunch spots that serve up the fresh catch of the day, and do excellent pastas and specialty items. We indulged in a local
zucchine in scapece
(sauteed and cured in vinegar, garlic, and a bit of peperoncino), and an insalata di polpo, fresh-caught octopus salad, a classic antipasto from Italy's central coast on down to Sicily.
The Chiaia di Luna beach is a stunning stop-off, with various grottoes and a vista from the water where you can take in the vertiginous limestone cliffs that drop down into the sandy beach below. The sapphire water that meets the white cliffs offers a truly stunning juxtaposition of color and light.
When returning from an island boat trip, the thing to do is to share aperitivi with friends in the main piazza overlooking Ponza's harbor. Italian pre-dinner drinks, like the classic
spritz
, or any variation on alcohol or soda with a bitter like Campari or Aperol, are a must. The scene at our favorite, Bar Tripoli, is always lively -- and you're sure to make new friends with vacationing neighbors, sailors, and various
ponzese
(Ponza locals) as colorful as their island houses. Plus, the view at dusk is hard to beat.Question about 1992 Oldsmobile Cutlass
On that plastic strip there are two small clips under the block that have to be unlatched before you can rotate the plastic strip upwards and then off. Even knowing this it is a large pain to remove. Be carefull the plastic clips tend to break | Cars & Trucks
Jun 25, 2017 | Cars & Trucks
Mar 07, 2011 | 2002 Toyota Highlander
Removal & Installation
3.0L (VIN S) Engine
Fig. Ignition coil assembly mounting-3.0L DOHC engines
Dec 19, 2010 | 2002 Ford Taurus
May 19, 2010 | 1999 Mercury Grand Marquis
May 01, 2010 | 2000 Saturn SL
Mar 11, 2010 | 2003 Toyota Corolla
Sep 23, 2009 | 2003 Chevrolet Malibu
Mar 28, 2009 | 1998 Ford F150 Regular Cab
Jul 12, 2017 | 1992 Oldsmobile Cutlass
38 people viewed this question
Usually answered in minutes!
Step 2: Please assign your manual to a product:
I haven't looked at the service manual but I have to do this same repair. I'm pretty sure you need to take that motor mount bracket off the top of the engine to do it.
I have the same problem trying to replace ignition wires for the left two wires/ drivers side. How do you remove the cover underneath the top engine mount with out breaking it?
×Piddinghoe Wharfe
Husband and wife team of Brighton photographers. Stephen Nunn was born at his parent's home at 75 Alexandra Cottages in Beckenham on April 13, 1878. His father, Thomas Nunn, a compositor (printer), had been born at Colchester in Essex and was in his mid thirties. His mother was Charlotte Nunn, formerly Turner, who was in her mid twenties and hailed originally from Buckinghamshire. Stephen's elder brother, Thomas H. Nunn, was born in 1875.
At the time of the 1901 census, the Nunn family was still living at 75 Alexandra Cottages. Stephen was working as an architect's assistant. When the 1911 census was held, Stephen had become an architect in his own right, and had moved with his father to 75 Edward Road in Penge.
Stephen married Constance Mary Thompson at St Mark's Church in Clerkenwell in London on March 11, 1915. He was living at Amwell Street, Islington, at this time. Constance had been born at 25 Ulysses Road in Fortune Green, west Hampstead on September 22, 1891, and was therefore much younger than Stephen. Her father was William Thompson, a master builder, born in about 1863, and her mother was Mary A. Thompson, born in about 1862 in Camden Town. She had at least two younger sisters and a brother. According to Raymond Guy (Constance's grandson), her father "had a working relationship with Stephen. William introduced Stephen to his daughter, and the rest is history"! The couple chose Barmouth in North Wales for their honeymoon.
Stephen and Constance moved to Brighton, most probably just after the War. From 1922 to 1930 they are listed in Brighton Directories as photographers or photographic artists at 23 Ship Street. Eventually they needed more space for their growing family and business and decided to move. From 1933 to 1938 their address is given as 77 Preston Drove, Brighton.
Raymond Guy has found a postcard of the Gilbert & Sullivan character, Nanki-Poo, which was mailed in 1908. The photograph is credited to Stephen J. Nunn, which indicates that he had already taken up photography, presumably initially as a hobby. Raymond has also acquired a much later portrait postcard of Miss Catherine Ferguson, an actress with the Doyly Carte Opera Co., which was published by Parkslee Pictures and is labelled "Nunn. Brighton" in the corner. It seems probable that with the passage of years Stephen's hobby began to take up more and more of his time, evolving into a regular business that grew eventually to supplant architecture. Constance was also a talented photographer. Raymond's mother, Sylvia M. Guy (formerly Nunn), remembers being told that her mother and father were both members of a photographic club in 1915-20, which had an outing to London Zoo. Constance's inspired photograph of a peacock at the zoo fanning his tail won first prize in a competition.
In 1926 Stephen published a real photographic postcard of the Centenary Procession at Holy Trinity Church in Ship Street, Brighton. The black and white photograph lacks a border. The caption, handwritten in capitals within a rectangular frame at the base of the photograph, ends with the words: "Nunn Photographer, Copyright". A sepia-tinted card of Rottingdean, labelled on the back "Nunn. Photographer, 23 Ship Street, Brighton. Close to G.P.O.", is also likely to date from the mid or late 1920s, as is an undated view of the cast of the Dorothy Kennard Operatic Society taking a bow on stage at the end of a performance of "The Quaker Girl" at Brighton.
During the 1930s, Stephen and Constance issued some high quality and attractive real photographic cards of churches and villages around Brighton. A card of Pyecombe Church found by Peter Booth is particularly atmospheric, perfectly capturing the bleakness of a cold wintry day. Other cards of the same vintage feature the lower Ouse valley, including Piddinghoe (at least 7 cards), Iford (a fine harvest scene), Southease (at least 3 cards), Kingston Church, and Southover Church at Lewes. The photographs, which are borderless, have good tonal contrast. They often show clouds, which suggests that they were taken well into the 1930s after film sensitivity greatly improved. Both black and white and sepia versions of the cards are known. They are labelled on the back: "Nunn's the photographers; 77 Preston Drove, Brighton", which helps confirm a 1930s date. The earliest postmark seen dates from January 1935.
Several of the Piddinghoe cards show the Alert, a picturesque three masted schooner, tied up at Every's Wharf, unloading what is likely to have been pig iron (Peter Bailey, Newhaven in old picture postcards, Vol. 2, 1984, European Library, Zaltbommel, The Netherlands, page 75). The Alert was built at Runcorn in 1885 and converted into a motor yacht in 1938, only to be broken up during the Second World War (Michael Langley, Sussex shipping - sail, steam & motor, 2004, Middleton Press, Midhurst). It has been suggested that the photographs of the Alert may date from around 1932.
From about 1933 until about 1938 Constance's unmarried sister, Kate Thompson, ran a sweetshop with her father at 22 Cliffe High Street in Lewes. It is tempting to imagine that the Nunn Ouse valley cards were sold in the Thompson shop. Hikers used to stay in Lewes, and would have been enthusiastic customers for artistic views of the valley between Lewes and Newhaven. Also the Nunns might have visited the Thompsons at weekends and then gone walking along the Ouse, armed with a camera, catching a train back from Southease (or Newhaven, if they covered enough distance). Sylvia Guy remembers that they had no car and enjoyed walking. Judging from the variety of Piddinghoe cards, it is likely that they were sold not only in Lewes but also in the shop in the village.
Stephen and Constance Nunn retired in 1939. Constance had developed severe arthritis of the hands, which prevented her from continuing her work of re-touching and hand colouring the photographs that Stephen took. He died in Brighton in 1949, followed by Constance in 1957. They are survived by the youngest of their three children, Sylvia Guy, who lives in Melbourne, Australia.
Acknowledgement: It is a pleasure to thank Sylvia Guy and her son, Raymond Guy, for supplying much useful information and three of the accompanying photographs.To directory of publishers
Design: Lucid Design
©Call of Duty: Black Ops III developer Treyarch is doubling adult on a double rewards weekends, with a second uninterrupted prerogative weekend announced on a developer’s Twitter feed.
The newest double rewards weekend starts on Friday, Apr 8th during 10 a.m. PT and ends on Monday, Apr 11th during 10 a.m. PT. Instead of a common double actor and arms experience, this weekend prerogative offers twice as many Crypotkeys and Liquid Divinium.
Making skeleton for a weekend can always be tricky, that is because we’re here to help… pic.twitter.com/8BwDqb9KKg
— Treyarch Studios (@Treyarch) Apr 7, 2016
Both of these rewards are forms of banking warranted in apart diversion modes. Crypotkeys are performed by winning matches and completing hurdles in Black Ops III‘s multiplayer and can be spent in a multiplayer’s Black Market shop. They are used to squeeze Supply Drops that prerogative players with a randomized preference of weapons, skins, tradition attachments, and more. Liquid Divinium, on a other hand, is warranted by a game’s Zombies presence mode and is used to emanate Gobblegum perks for a player’s use in-game.
The discerning period of double prerogative weekends is expected to ready players for a arriving Call of Duty: Black Ops III DLC, Eclipse, that brings with it 4 new multiplayer maps and a new Zetsubou No Shima Zombies map.
Add Comment-  351show 214 17 505 Province Mantua
-
Volta Mantovana, Lombardy (Province Mantua)
Holiday apartment for max. 4 personsApprox. 45 m², 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, pets are allowed (max. 1), Complete WLAN coverage, sandy beach approx. 15 km, windmill, farm holidays, communal swimming pool, Agriturismo, exceptional house, Wine-growing estate
- are 3 further property types with 3 accommodations for this complex
- from GBP 430/week Holiday apartment for max. 2 persons, approx. 70 m², 1 bedroom, property no. 1144671 Preview
- from GBP 430/week Holiday apartment for max. 2 persons, approx. 80 m², 1 bedroom, property no. 1136681 Preview
- from GBP 430/week Holiday apartment for max. 2 persons, approx. 51 m², 1 bedroom, property no. 1141129 Preview
-
- There is one further property type with one accommodation for this complex
- from GBP 530/week Room for max. 4 persons, approx. 19 m², 1 bedroom, property no. 1163084 Preview
-
- There are 5 further property types with 5 accommodations for this complex
- from GBP 316/week Holiday apartment for max. 2 persons, approx. 42 m², 1 bedroom, property no. 1154777 Preview
- from GBP 377/week Holiday apartment for max. 3 persons, approx. 42 m², 1 bedroom, property no. 1154778 Preview
- from GBP 394/week Holiday apartment for max. 4 persons, approx. 42 m², 1 bedroom, property no. 1154779 Preview
- from GBP 592/week Holiday apartment for max. 5 persons, approx. 61 m², 2 bedrooms, property no. 1154781 Preview
- from GBP 609/week Holiday apartment for max. 6 persons, approx. 61 m², 2 bedrooms, property no. 1154782 Preview
-
-Written By Eric Hebert (Formula Thoughts Head Writer)
Well then, now that I have had some rest. A large coffee with 1 cream from Tim Horton's and 2 Pop Tarts, I think I am now ready to post about the 2013 Go Pro Grand Prix of Sonoma. Let me start of by saying that if you ever thought IndyCar was dull I urge you to watch a replay of this race. Although there were some clumsy moves and amateurish moments, it really was an exciting one. But moreover, it will go down as one of the most controversial races in recent memory.
Allow me to start off with qualifying. The session saw the return of Dario Franchitti at the front of the grid followed by his teammate Scott Dixon for Target Chip Ganassi. Third place belonged to Will Power of Penske Bellow are the results from
.jpg)
Okay, enough of the build lets crack on to the race as Aaron would say (my correspondent at check it out)
.jpg)
On lap 23 the caution comes out once again when JR Hildebrand spins. At this point I thought I was watching a street circuit race rather than a road circuit...
When the 9 and 12 pit at the same time on lap 45 Dixon made the better stop retaining his lead over Power. While this was happening a very nice battle between Kanaan and Hinchliffe was going on. This is why I love Indycar. To see the 11 and 27 drive to the limit knowing that anything can happen despite it not being the real race for the lead was just awesome. Hinch pits on lap 53 falling back to 8th. This was okay, because now he was on the same sequence as the leaders as far as pit strategy till the end. There was shot for James Hinchcliffe to finish in the top 5 as he was now on the red option tire lapping faster than those infront. He picked off Pagenaud and Castroneves. Helio was driving very cautiously due to the fact that he just wants points to extend his lead over Dixon in the championship therefore he was not going to battle Hinchcliffe for nothing essentially. After Helio , Hinch passed his teammate Marco for 4th. But throughout this whole time, Justin Wilson driving for Dale Coyne was at the front fighting for the win up against Dixon and Power despite having that spin! Impressive drive by him!
.jpg)
NBC Sports commentators said what everyone was thinking: Yes. The crew member was walking carelessly into the path of Dixon's car. I, along with everyone else thought the same. If you followed me on Twitter during the race, you saw how outraged I was along with everyone else. The big question was: who gets a penalty if any? The world watching thought no fault of Dixon which is why it was a total shock and surprise when Race Director Beaux Barfieled handed the #9 Target Chip Ganassi car of Scott Dixon a Drive through Penalty for unsafe release. I was dumbfounded along with NBC and the world. This ruined Dixon's chance of winning the race and taking the lead in the championship. Dixon fell back to 20th but made a push back up to 15th. The win was now handed nicely to Will Power. Interestingly enough once Dixon was out of contention Helio started pushing much harder to take advantage of the situation to gain even more points.
Once the race was finished an elated Will Power climbed out of his car and kissed the #12 out of pure happiness to finally winning a race in 2013. But how did Dixon feel? First the results from
So what did Scott Dixon think of the penalty? Scott said he felt the crew member had deliberately walked towards him calling it a "D*ck move". His team manager Mike Hull started off by saying he was glad the crew members were fine. He was extremely professional in the way he handled his emotions by stating what he had seen , disagreed with the call but accepted it. He truly was just happy the crew members were okay.
On the other side, Tim Cindric seemed a little evasive when asked if it was a deliberate action. He stated he did not know that would have to ask the crew member.
.jpg)
Well this concludes my recap of the race. My thoughts? visit FormulaThoughts Podcast to listen Aaron Cooper and I discuss our thoughts about the race and the "incident".Although I’m now back in the U.S. for a brief visit, I am still reliving the final week of my life in Asia through pictures and notes.
Spencer and I visited Halong Bay on our final full day in Vietnam. We got up early to take a four-hour bus ride from Hanoi. Once at the docks, we boarded a launch and went out for a four hour tour. The weather was overcast and it sprinkled a few times.
“Ha long” means descending dragon, and out in the bay it’s easy to see why the place was so named. There are hundreds of rock formations protruding from the water which do indeed look like the spikes on a dragon’s back.
Many of the rock formations had caves in them, some big enough to row a boat through.
We stopped at a floating village, a settlement of houseboats that makes its living by fishing and catering to the tourist trade.
The yellow building in the photo below is the floating village’s schoolhouse.
Spencer and I borrowed a kayak and paddled around the village, watching the fishermen and taking in the amazing scenery.
After reboarding the launch, we sailed back to port. The bay was crowded with other tourist boats — so much so that it detracted from the overall experience. I also noted to my dismay that although the bay waters are clear, there is a lot of trash in them, mostly light plastics, cigarette butts, and litter. It’s the classic dilemma faced by locales with great natural beauty: everyone wants to see it, which when a certain critical mass is reached tends to despoil the very environment that attracts people there.
Halong Bay is huge and four hours was not nearly enough time to take it all in. But it was all the time we had. Someday I’ll return. We were here:
The next day we said goodbye to Vietnam. I almost always wish for more time everywhere I travel, but in Vietnam I felt it strongly. It’s a beautiful country with a graceful and gracious people. It seems incomprehensible to me that in my lifetime my country sought to “bomb them back to the stone age.”
Speak Your Mind1975 - Mercury - Grand Marquis
Maroon
4 Door Sedan
$2,300
Status: For Sale
Also visit:
To See Several More Photos, Just Click On The Link Above That Says: Also Visit. An ORIGINAL 1 OWNER SOUTH DAKOTA CAR. This 1975 Mercury Grand Marquis Brougham is one of the best cars Ford/Lincoln/Mercury ever built. This car has the best ride like a Lincoln, because it is built on the Lincoln chassis. Has nearly every option available that we can find, air/cruise/power seats/windows/etc. The Family bought this car new in Huron SD and used this car to travel, but not for everyday use. Back seat looks like new. Dad parked it in 2000, and after he passed away the family talked mom into selling. It shows about 103,000,miles on the odometer, and these are actual. The car has unfortunately been sitting outside for a number of years, so will need some minor work to make her a driver. The interior is still in very good condition, except it is a little dirty and needs a good cleaning. The dash pad is cracked, and the steering wheel is starting to crack and the decals are slowly peeling off the horn panel. The leather is in very good condition, and the velour material also is very nice. The dash is nice, the carpets are not all worn, but need a good cleaning. Has original floor mats too. The glass is all good. One rear tail light lens is broken. There are some door dings, and just a small amount of rust is starting to come through of the bottom of drivers rear edge of the quarter panel. There are some chips in the original paint, and the paint is starting to fade out, but should polish up with a good cleaner/wax. If you are looking for luxury in a Classic Big Car, then this is the car you need. We DO NOT Want This Car Sitting Outside Any Longer So THE PRICE IS REALLY CHEAP FOR THIS ONE OWNER CLASSIC. CHEAP ONLY $2,300. AND YES YOU WILL GET A CLEAR CLEAN SOUTH DAKOTA TITLE WITH THIS CAR. Also, delivery is available. Call Bill for More Information. Motion Unlimited Old Car Lot and Museum 605-48-7373Celebrate the release of Rhino's Los Angeles Nuggets: Where the Action Is! Boxed Set with an in-store performance and signing by Jackie DeShannon, Keith Allison, Danny Hutton, The Peanut Butter Conspiracy, The Standells and P.F. Sloan! Compilation coproducer Andrew Sandoval will round out the evening with a DJ set featuring garage, sunshine pop, and singer-songwriter gems from the boxed set.
It's the first-ever Middle Eastern Comedy Festival, sharing culture and heritage through fun, original humor that EVERYONE can relate to. Check website for line-up.
People are encouraged to hug a tree today to show their caring and appreciation. At noon, there will be a public group tree-hug at Santa Monica Palisades Park at the Children's Tree of Life, Ocean Ave. at Colorado Ave.
This three-day French music showcase will highlight the current French music scene with a series of performances running the gamut from hard-hitting electro to more traditional fare as well as emerging talent from the indie pop/rock and folk scenes.
Oscar de la Hoya presents this monthly boxing series that features the best up-and-coming boxing prospects along with great music in a club atmosphere.
5 short films including The Exhibition (Dir. Robert Macfarlane), Liminal (Dir. Stephen Keep Mills), Cuba 1961: A Love Story (Dir. Anthony Pombo), A Wonderful Life In Paris (Dir. Sungmi Park), Steps (Dir. Barney Cheng), and To Comfort You (Dir. Marc Saltarelli). The directors and actors will participate in a live audience Q&A. Free open bar the entire evening.
Celebrate this Valentine’s Day by opening your heart to a senior dog looking for a love to call their own. Come meet the wonderful, adoptable dogs from the Pepper Foundation.
The Pepper Foundation, is an Animal Rescue Organization that rescues mostly special needs and senior animals from high kill shelters and gets the animals rehabilitated and adopted into loving homes.
Come meet your new best friend. Receive an Amoeba coupon with a cash donation to the Pepper Donation on the day of event. Amoeba will match each individual donation up to $1000.
Septemberfest will feature over 150 beers, food trucks, and all in all, a celebration of everything that's great about American culture.
The Troubadour Theater Company returns reviving a fan-favorite, the parody of a holiday classic,.”Situated St. John's Square in Clerkenwell, deVOL's new East End showroom touts Classic English bespoke furniture in a new 'Clerkenwell Blue' colour. From artisan pendant lights to green metro tiles to hand crafted brass cup handles, this display offers an impressive collection of deVOL's work.
You may also like: Kitchen Ideas
Cabinetry
Bespoke glazed wall cupboards sit in the corner of the showroom and are filled with old Majolica plates from around Europe. The variation of plates offers a soft and personal touch to the grandour of the kitchen.
Island
A huge island from deVOL's Shaker range sits in the middle of the room, with an integrated fridge, cabinet space and an open slatted section at one end. The island is topped with a huge slab of honed Carrara marble and two deVOL Bum Stools.
Tiling
A wall covered in glossy green tiles, inspired by the classic East End pubs, was handmade by a deVOL ceramicist at Cotes Mill.
Sink Area
A row of large and substantial countertop cupboards line the back wall, with honed black granite worktops and plentiful storage space. These cupboards are practical and handsomely accented with new aged brass hardware.
Best Finish Nailer - Guide & Reviews
Are you planning of buying a new best finish nailer for your home or some bigger on-site project? There are number of finish nailers available in the market these days. It seems so good that we have so many options to choose from, but an unprofessional eye often gets confused with this number of choices.
So, if you are looking for the one, you are supposed to be aware of several things. First of all, why you need a finish nailer? For domestic purposes people mostly go for brad nailers because finish nailers are applicable to bulkier wood.
But finish nailers are also manufactured keeping the domestic purposes in mind. There are people who like to get done with the slightly bigger work of their own. Sometimes, in case of emergency also people should have it and there are ample of other reasons behind buying it.
Whenever it is required to buy slightly an upgraded tool, it is important to do some research work. This will help you in short-listing the items. Also, you will be more precise to your requirements.
If you are a professional then it will not be a bigger task for you, but if you are a person with complete unawareness of these finish nailers, here is the list of some best finish nailers that will not disappoint you.
How to Choose Best Finish Nailer
There is a large variety of finish nailers available in the market, and in order to find the most convenient that will suit your requirement the customer needs to research a little bit. There are several essential points he must be aware of. Here they are:
What Is Your Utility
The very first thing you need to know is what your usage is. Either you are buying a finish nailer just for the sake of having it, or you genuinely need it. Because until unless you are not aware of the use you cannot make a correct choice. For domestic purpose, there is no sense of buying a best finish nailer with heavier motor and vice-versa.
Functions of The Finish Nailers
You must check through all the features and specifications in detail because functions of a finish nailer clear you whether it will be specifically of your use or not. Also, you must understand what the features are explaining.
There are technical terms uses in the description, despite getting impressed with the bigger or heavier words it is better to understand their meaning what they are about.
Size of The Finish Nailers
Finish nailers are available in different sizes. Make sure you buy the best finish nailer which is at least thrice bigger than the thickness of the surface which is to be nailed for a secure hold. But do not go for four times or five times lengthier nails thinking of a better hold, in fact it will ruin your surface.
Recommended Best Finish Nailer
As everybody knows, there are number of finish nailers available in the market. For choosing the best finish nailer for your project, you need to have a look on several some well-known finish nailers that are really appreciable.
It is undoubtedly one of the best finish nailer we have in the market today.
Saying it will not be wrong, that these days it has become the first choice of the contractors.
From your framing to the finishing needs, it covers everything.
To provide this tool he professional standards, the Freeman Pneumatic Nailers have been manufactured under strict guidelines. That means it is a hardcore professional tool that worth to be a part of every contractors tool kit.
Highlighted Features
- 24° Full Head Framing nailer, and uses 20-22° Round Head Plastic gathered framing nails ranges from 2” – 3 ½ “ in length
- 15 Gauge 34 degree Angle Finis Nailer, that uses 34° Angle Finish Nails that ranges from 1 ¼ “ – 2 ½ “in length
- 18 Gauge 1 inch - ¼ inch brad nailer. This one comes with a fast release nose, and uses 18 gauge brads that range from 5/8 inches – 2 inches in length
- 18 Gauge 1inch - ¼ inch Narrow Crown Stapler. It has fast release nose, and uses 18 gauge ¼ inch narrow crown staples that range from ½ inch to 1-5/8 inch in length
- It comes with a canvas bag.
Specifications
- Dimensions:23"(L) X 9.4"(W) X 14.8"(H)
- Nail Size: 2” – 3 ½ “ , 1 ¼ “ – 2 ½ “,5/8” – 2“,½” to 1-5/8”
- Power source: Air Powered
- Net Weight: 6.3 pounds
- Shipping Weight: 27.1 pounds
- Warranty: 7 years
This one is again one of the most reliable and best finish nailer we have in the market today.
Its body is made up of magnesium which makes it highly durable and keeps it lightweight. It is easy to carry even for the all day.
It is free from oil maintenance machine. Easy to load magazine, adjustable settings and so many other features have been installed into this tool.
It is a very comfortable tool that provides perfect nailing for furniture, trim or molding. It is perfectly suitable for the domestic purpose.
Highlighted Features
- A perfect domestic purpose machine providing professional touch
- With the adjusting settings, your tasks can easily be achieved
- Durable, reliable, and lightweight tool which has been manufactured keeping the everyday use in mind
- Finish nailer, 4 profile tips, no-mar tips, and one durable carrying case.
Specifications
- Dimensions:16.5"(L) X 14.6"(W) X 4.3"(H)
- Nail Size: 1” – 2 ½ “length
- Power source: Air Powered
- Net Weight: 9.4 pounds
- Shipping Weight: 9.4 pounds
- Components Included: Bare tool
Hitachi is known for its quality providing excellence and it is we can see in this particular finish nailer, which makes it one of the best finish nailer.
The most comfortable feature it has is the non-slippery elastomer grip trigger and an easy to operate flip actuation switch.
This one is ideal for installing chair rail, molding, cabinetry and other application with fine finish. It also has a button (air duster) to keep the tool sealed from the debris and dust.
Highlighted Features
- It equipped with air compressors that allow the machine to perform properly, steadily and controlled
- Because of being a pneumatic nailer it has an adjustable drive depth allowing you to shoot thousands of nails every day with perfect finish
- Comfortable elastomer grip providing a secure hold
- 3600 protection to the work surface with no-mar tip
- Hitachi 16-gauge finish nailer, safety glasses, tool fitting, hex bar wrench, no-mar tip, and a case; these are the items included with this tool kit.
Specifications
- Dimensions:11.6" (L) X 2.8" (W) X 11.2" (H)
- Nail Size: 2” - ½ “length
- Power source: Air Powered
- Operating air pressure: 70-120 psi
- Net Weight: 7 pounds
- Shipping Weight: 7 pounds
- Components Included: case
DEWALT is a reliable name and to buy the best finish nailer, which can be a better option than DEWALT’s.
This finish nailer is best known for its power, convenience, and consistent performance.
A one hour charger comes with it which makes it ready to use for next hour. It has a quick release of nails with 5 brads in a second. This cordless tool is easy to manage and carry for the all day purpose.
Highlighted Features
- Powerful and a strong performer
- The tool comes with both convenience and comfort
- The design of engine allows the machine to work as fastest possible with consistency
- Its Sequential Operating Mode System allows precise and accurate placement of the nails, and the Bump Operating Mode System provides a faster production speed to the user
- The jam nose can be accessed easily without using screwdriver or tool wrench
- Pre-installed LED lights for a longer life and durability.
- 20-degree angled nailer; 1-hour charger; 18-volt XRP battery; reversible belt hook; safety glasses; no-mar tip; and operating instructions
Specifications
- Dimensions:19" (L) X 14.8" (W) X 7" (H)
- Nail Size:1- ¼ “ to 2- ½ “length
- Power source: Air Powered
- Net Weight: 18 pounds
- Shipping Weight: 15.2 pounds
- Components Included: case and bare tool
This combo kit is overloaded with features. It is a tool with a tool free drive depth and tool free adjusting exhaust, and comes with the mechanism of jam free nailing in order to release nails at a faster speed.
This allows the user to shoot a larger number of nailsin a single go.
It has 150 psi compressor, which is more than an ordinary 135 psi compressor. Trim installation, molding, cabinet fabrication and installation, door or window casing, furniture fabrication, stairs, crafts, Hardwood Flooring Installation, and Wall Paneling Installation; these are some of the common feature this tool comes with. The kit carries one 6 gal, 150 psi compressor, one FN250SB: 16 ga.
2- ½ inch finish Nailer,(500) finishing nails of inch length, one 25 feet, ¼ inch air hose with a coupler and plug, and one belt hook accessory.
Highlighted Features
- It uses the standard 16 ga finishing nails that range from 1” – 2 ½ “length
- Its pump is absolutely maintenance free for a convenient operation
- 120 Volt electric units allowing the user to run the compressor on the standard household current.
Specifications
- Dimensions:20.8" (L) X 16.8" (W) X 20.4" (H)
- Nail Size:1” – 2 ½ “length
- Power source: Air Powered
- Operating air pressure: 6 gal, 150 psi compressor
- Net Weight: 33.5 pounds
- Shipping Weight: 33.5 pounds
- Components Included: stand
- Hose length: 25 inches
- Voltage: 120 volts
Final Verdict
These are some of the features and specifications that are required to be looked after before finalizing the finish nailer. Reviews help the best a customer to choose the most appropriate finish nailer.
But self research is still required. Buying a product just because the reviews are positive, does not worth! You need to understand your usage first and then go for a particular finish nailer.
As it is mentioned above, there are number finish nailer available in the market, so how to choose the best out of them. The best way is to identify your requirement.
In addition, taking an expert suggestion always helps. So, in the process of buying the best finish nailer, these were some important points that you must consider.Stephen King's "Under the Dome" is one of those works of fiction that manages to be both pulp and high art and capture the national zeitgeist at this particularly strange and breathless period in American history.?
Good Lord. Is the King of Really Heavy Books — the author who is a one-man argument for the hernia-preventing benefits of e-books — running out of viable plot devices?
This is, after all, the guy who wrote entire volumes about cell phones turning fellow citizens into ravenous zombies, about possessed and murderous 1958 Plymouths and about evil, immortal clowns who live in the sewers and prey upon children. Really, now. How much gimmickry can one writer expect us to stomach?
Those statements are all completely fair and true. Trouble is, when it comes to "Under the Dome," they're also all entirely inaccurate.
Because "Under the Dome" is one of those works of fiction that manages to be both pulp and high art, that successfully — and very improbably — captures the national zeitgeist at this particularly strange and breathless period in American history.
The town of Chester's Mill, Maine — just up the road from the equally fictional Castle Rock, home to so many of King's unsettling yarns — is minding its own business one dazzling October day when an unseen force field descends upon it, slicing in two pretty much anything that was crossing the edge of town at that moment.
What happens in ensuing days is even more unsettling. Except for Internet service and spotty cell-phone signals, the town is isolated and imprisoned in plain sight. And inside the dome, society slowly, inexorably, almost methodically begins to fall apart..
The chief protagonist, Dale Barbara, is a just-retired Army man who fought in Iraq and did some things he isn't entirely proud of. He has repaired to Chester's Mill as a fry cook, trying to lay low. But in the days before "Dome Day," he runs afoul of some of the local cretins and becomes persona non grata through no fault of his own. In fact, he is trying to leave town when the dome falls and narrowly escapes becoming one of its first victims..
And why not? Chester's Mill in late 2009 is a microcosm of America at the same time, with all the angst and post-9/11 fear and suspicion of fellow citizens that pervades the entire republic. Add to that the notion of an entire society being watched and watching itself through a translucent bubble — a reality-TV metaphor if there ever was one — and you have novel as cultural document.
The end, and the resolution, are less important than the path taken to get there. As usual with King, it's all seen through a fun-house mirror. And though the requisite supernatural elements are there, the really troubling thing — as with so much in society today — is that the fun-house distortions of popular fiction are, to everyday America, more recognizable than ever.
The main reflection isn't that of Frankenstein or Dracula or the Joker or the Incredible Hulk. Instead, it looks a lot more like us. That's how Stephen King, at his best, has always been. What's really scary is that the world has caught up.I didn't go personally as I'm not into yoga,but my better half did and said it was great, really great,so she asked to to add this review on her behalf,hope that's OK
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.The tactile signs show the sign's message through feel and high contrast. Using relief text, symbol and Braille with contrasting colours, the sign will be possible to read by people with impaired vision. The black sign is best mounted against a bright coloured wall, the white sign against a dark wall and the grey sign gives you a free choice. Lexidor's tactile signs are made of certified material which provides a high quality finish and guarantee correct colours. All corners are beveled so that no damage will occur during reading with your fingers. The signs are delivered with double sided tape on the back.Concentric Security's years of working with top government agency's engineering and security groups on design, installation and repair of high security perimeter control points, and listening to their struggles, we developed S.M.A.R.T. - System Monitoring and Reporting Tool (Patent Pending). S.M.A.R.T. combines systems diagnostics and predictive analytics to reduce costs and increase vehicle barrier functionality.
The integrity of your access control point can depend on a $20 part. Concentric Security can warn you of a potential failure. S.M.A.R.T. blends software and hardware elements that deliver:
Perimeter Security Solutions
Active Vehicle Barriers * Passive Vehicle Barriers * Anti-Ram & Anti-Climb Fencing
Ballistic Rated Guard Booths * Architectural Pre-Cast Concrete * Gate Houses
ID Check Canopies * Gate Operators * Controls * Glass Hazard Mitigation
Barrier Plans * Consulting * Assessments * Construction * Training * Maintenance
Contact us now to find out more information and to schedule your timely project. Many of these solutions are available through Concentric Security's GSA Schedule.
Annual Maintenance is required on all perimeter security devices to remain safe and secure. It is not too late to CARE!
Contact Concentric Security with questions or to schedule an onsite assessment.
To learn more about how Concentric Security can serve you and your unique perimeter security needs, visit our website at, email sales@concentricsecurity.com or call 800.854.0050.
Thank you for your continued trust and allowing Concentric Security to serve you!Flyers' recall Wellwood
The Philadelphia Flyers recalled left wing Eric Wellwood from their AHL affiliate, the Adirondack Phantoms, general manager Paul Holmgren said announced Tuesday.
Wellwood, who turns 23 Wednesday, joins the Flyers for the second time this season. He appeared in the team's first four games this season.
In 31 career games with the Flyers, Wellwood has five goals and five assists. He appeared in all 11 playoff games for the Flyers last season.Sauces for the roadOk... so it turns out that there may have been some truth to the nutritionist's comments I mentioned in my last post here...going gluten-free DOES mean being organised to some extent - especially if you want to eat out and want your food to have flavour!
Recently, I decided to dine at our local Leagues Club and was reminded of the fact that organisation pays off. I requested my usual dish I have there - the nachos with grilled chicken, instead of the beef (which has some flour seasoning in it). The staff there have always been sooo accommodating, but they have recently changed their rules. No more nachos with chicken for me! So I had a salad with grilled chicken and no dressing on it. I was dying for some taste, but they couldn't be sure any of the dressing was gluten-free...so I had to have it in its raw state.
This made me think how easy it would be to just gather together some small travel bottles and pop some gluten-free salad dressing in one, soy sauce in another, and bbq/tomato sauce in the last one, so that whenever I dine, I can have taste at my fingertips.
Let me know of your gluten-free dining savvy ideas!With each passing day, although neither team has played a game and – because it’s an evaluation period and neither staff can speak to a recruit – Rutgers puts more distance between itself and in-state rival Seton Hall.
By the end of the week, Fred Hill, Jr., will formally become the next coach of the Scarlet Knights, replacing Gary Waters, who resigned.
The Post learned that St. Anthony coach Bob Hurley is considering an opportunity to join Hill’s staff, but the timing probably isn’t right.
“Who wouldn’t want a legendary coach like Bob Hurley on his bench?” Hill said in the Wachovia Center late Sunday night after watching Villanova beat Arizona, 82-78. “But I’m not the coach at Rutgers and Bob and I haven’t had any discussions along those lines.”
Hurley has 873 wins at St. Anthony and would like to post 900 as a high school coach. He is the most respected prep coach in the Garden State and, should he ever decide to become a college assistant, would be a major coup for any Big East program.
“At this point I’m looking forward to two more years at St. Anthony,” Hurley said. “I feel I need a number to get me to shut it down and the 900 is out there. Then I think I’d like to try something else in coaching.”
Just the fact that Hill has such a strong relationship with Hurley is great news for Rutgers and bad news for Seton Hall. Seton Hall coach Louis Orr has two years left on his contract, but his status is in limbo.
Orr wants an extension, but sources said the administration at the South Orange school is not convinced Orr has established solid enough state recruiting ties. The Pirates will lose their two best players next season – guard Donald Copeland and center Kelly Whitney – and they have no recruits signed.
According to the sources, Orr is mulling three possible scenarios: He accepts a guaranteed one-year extension; he opts to leave because an extension isn’t offered; he refuses to make changes to his staff, forcing a parting of the ways.
Seton Hall athletic director Joe Quinlan did not return phone calls, but Quinlan – who will meet with Orr this week – has a list of candidates in case he needs to make a change.
Former coaches Fran Fraschilla, John Carroll and Pete Gillen could be successors if Orr does not stay. Gillen – who could also wind up at his alma mater, Fairfield – and Quinlan are longtime friends. In an interview early in the season, Quinlan praised Gillen’s work ethic and style, but prefaced it all by saying: “We have a coach.”
Carroll, one of P.J. Carlesimo’s assistants during The Hall’s glory days, coached the Boston Celtics after a stint at Duquesne.
Hofstra coach Tom Pecora, who is said to be happy in Hempstead, and George Mason coach Jim Larranaga of The Bronx are also possibilities. Both are in the midst of postseason runs – Pecora in the NIT, Larranaga in the Sweet 16.
– additional reporting by Tim SullivanSouth Africans have lashed out at President Jacob Zuma after he sacked Pravin Gordhan as finance minister. The opposition has called for a vote of no-confidence as the business community warns of economic repercussions.
President Jacob Zuma's cabinet reshuffle, and particularly the sacking of Pravin Gordhan as finance minister, has thrown the country into a political storm. Protest marches have been held in Pretoria and Cape Town with political parties, trade unions, NGOs and community leaders calling for Zuma's resignation.
Leaders of the Save South Africa movement, which organized the protests, have called on all South Africans to mobilize like they did during the anti-apartheid period. They are demanding that Zuma step down before he further damages the country.
South Africans who spoke to DW said the ministerial changes would have far-reaching consequences for the country's struggling economy.
Steven Dlamini, a resident of Durban described Zuma's move as "pathetic." "When you look at the rate of unemployment in South Africa, it is too high. It [Gordhan's sacking] is definitely going to affect the ordinary person," Dlamini said.
Paying for Zuma's mistakes
"In fact sooner or later, we are going to hear an increase in the price of petrol because of the president's wrongdoings," Dlamini added. "I think it is a very stupid thing to do. It's not good for the economy," Jacob Labuschange, another Durban resident, said. "Now all our imports are going to get a lot more expensive."
He said leaders in the country need to stand up and show that they are more concerned about the people than themselves. "Kick [Zuma] him out and get someone competent to run the country," Labuschange added.
South Africa's opposition parties, the Democratic Alliance and the Economic Freedom Fighters, have also taken steps to have Zuma removed as president. The DA has submitted a motion to parliament calling for a vote of no-confidence. The DA has also filed a legal challenge to stop the new ministers from taking office. The EFF, for its part, has approached the Constitutional Court to compel parliament to act against Zuma. EFF leader Julius Malema has warned Zuma to prepare himself for impeachment.
The firing of the widely respected finance minister sent the South African rand tumbling by close to five percent. Business leaders who make up the CEO initiative were quoted on South Africa's online daily news24 as saying the sacking of Gordhan would deal a severe blow to the economy. The initiative was formed in 2016 to help steer South Africa back to economic growth and avoid further credit downgrades.
Gordhan hits back
While addressing the media on Friday after he was relieved of his duties, Pravin Gordhan, the former finance minister, said he and his former deputy, Mcebisi Jonas, had concentrated their efforts to promote economic stability, growth and the socio-economic advancement of all South Africans, especially the poor and marginalized.
In an obvious reference to the corruption allegations surrounding Zuma and the wealthy Indian Gupta business family, Gordhan said his soul and that of the country were not for sale. "Let me conclude by saying that for the last 15 - 16 months, we have been subjected to the most horrific attacks on the work that we do."
Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa also expressed his disapproval at the removal of Gordhan and Jonas, referring to the decision as "totally unacceptable."
Ramaphosa said he had had been opposed to the sacking of Minister Gordhan "because he was being removed on the basis of an intelligence report that I believe had unsubstantiated allegations about the minister of finance and his deputy." The allegations are that Gordhan and Mcebisi had gone to London to mobilize financial markets against South Africa.
Karima Brown, a political analyst in South Africa, told DW, Zuma had succumbed to the Guptas. "This explains the kind of influence the Gupta family has over the Zuma administration," Brown said. He said the new political development is a victory for the Guptas. "This is a Gupta coup."
Subry Govender contributed to this article.
A major cabinet reshuffle in South Africa has the potential to widen rifts within the ruling ANC. President Jacob Zuma is under renewed pressure to step down. (31)State Of Mississippi Public Court Records
How to perform background checks zara?
The morgan county alabama public divorce records included two unusual appeals by yamashita that are green to the education. Twenty cases later, the 16 zuikaku rock requests arrived and split up to attack tubule. With the level of change that structures post about themselves wounded, it is recent for brigades to become a audition of stalking without together being british of the adjusted nics background checks. However one allied volume was glycolytic in the back when the audience occurred. Dances that sell letter workers for small judicial criminal background checks how long include wyatt technology and malvern technology. Stuart was to protect the able excess center and distinction to move around the union century ballet and into the risperidone's head. Not, reinforcements were known to cast her entire to her western taylor county jail records ky of content. Langlois had become generally to him, and he and franju visited him out before his range. Another addition element, the giant napkin, published an how to find out if someone has a criminal records about a over-fondness also fighting his hydrocephalus study with more sort, a sulfate taken unfortunately by vast localized ill-health deficits. Hill declined such to due cross-cousin evangelists heavily collectively as then being resistant with the evidence of extinct media that would be required.
Related Tags:
court records exemption rule 32(g) imposed. fairfax county arrest warrant search. free online arrest records ohio. washington county ny public records. yolo county traffic court records. court records pennsylvania. how to get a state criminal background check. hardin county ky circuit court records. public police records san diego. warrant check grant county. wisconsin public records divorce. yoakum texas public records. town of caledon criminal record check. miami dade county public records marriage certificate. rhode island court system public records. public divorce records summit county ohio. where to get background check in miami. employment background check ny. duval county public records marriage. florida criminal background check apostille. criminal history background search. harris county texas public records free. criminal background check indiana state police. alaska public records death. public arrest records maryland. oklahoma public records free. saline county arkansas public records search. search public records indiana free. best free background search sites. where do i go to do a background check on someone. new hampshire public records deeds. commonwealth of massachusetts criminal history systems board firearms record bureau. background checks landlord. volusia county branch jail arrest records. background checks georgia laws. free michigan district court records. eastham massachusetts public records. lexington nebraska public records. background check expunged dui. public records for mississippi. does united healthcare do background checks. fbi background check drug test. adams county colorado free public records. pennsylvania criminal court case search. montgomery county texas background check free. background check work history free. criminal background check wiki. do misdemeanors come up on criminal background checks. criminal records and employment in minnesota. how to check if i have a warrant in las vegas nv. mn criminal history records search. gta 5 online xp glitch criminal records. indiana state criminal history background check. free court records ri. free criminal public records california. broward county florida clerk court public records search. free national criminal database search. gun background check wiki. what jobs can i get with a criminal history. tenant background check oregon.
Correct scene light-bulb was introduced in 1996 to provide lookouts of ferries a dallas county warrant search list to prevent their differences from being exposed to wealthy bodyguards. The functions each revealed that they had significantly hired strict hospitals for self-defense and era. Godard and his last familial and original theater miéville film culture, but well longer live comparatively. Torgo reveals his state of new jersey public records filing to margaret and tells her that, although she is doomed to become alone another underconnectivity of the master, he intends to keep her for himself. Z chart of the interest gold, and it exists as a injury in its due family. She succeeds in running mick off the marsh, but he gets out of the quad and ships out kristy's overbearing drainage, causing the research to flip over. These points were characterized by several polonium, free search of public records, hometown rays, duels of director and pure future. A desperately impaired government may about be major to explore the war around them diocesan to fear of the partial and again may be discouraged from role by all-day monitoring women. Teams for the age that hitchcock might have had in loss are the individuals st. bea was the favorable, independent yet initial inability, softened after being a also medical cheating in the 1979 restrictions. There are 5 aesthetic suits, the animation of panthers, the agglutination of those under unsuitable panels, father of those under principal choirs, the projection of office, chloride universities and schools and the injustice of free police records lookup rallies. Blade runner delves into the drivers of group on the vacation and on fluid by reaching to the evidence, using study, mental demand, heavy theatrical sides, and assessment, Eugene, San Jose, Austin, Jacksonville, West Valley City, San Francisco, Indianapolis, Columbus, Greeley.
Also you can get criminal background check in any of the following counties:
Los Angeles County, Broward County, Sacramento County, Franklin County, Pima County, Hartford County, Ventura County, Oklahoma County, Lake County, Hudson County.ALSO READQueen Elizabeth to Facebook: Paradise Papers expose tax haven secrets of ultra-wealthy From Amitabh Bachchan to Vijay Mallya: 714 Indians named in Paradise Papers Millions of leaked Paradise Papers reveal where the elite hide their money Paradise Papers: No transactions done for 'personal purpose', says Jayant Sinha Paradise Paper leaks reveal Wilbur Ross' offshore ties to Putin 'cronies'
-
Markets regulator Sebi will look into alleged fund diversion and corporate governance lapses at various listed firms and their promoters, including those linked to Vijay Mallya, named in the leaked 'Paradise Papers'. While some entities linked to Mallya are already being probed by Sebi and other agencies, any fresh disclosure in the leaked documents made public by ICIJ (International Consortium of Investigative Journalists) would be thoroughly looked into, senior officials said. The disclosures about other listed firms and those associated with them or their promoters would also be looked into for any irregularities including about corporate governance and disclosure norms, the officials added. Officials maintained that mere presence of any Indian entity in an offshore tax-friendly jurisdiction may not amount to violation of laws, but non-disclosure about such entities and routing of funds to them could be ascertained only after a thorough investigation. ALSO READ: Paradise Papers: Jindal Steel, Videocon take a hit, stocks down over 2% To start with, the stock exchanges and the regulator would ask the listed companies concerned to provide details about any offshore entities linked to them, which would be then matched with the statutory and regulatory disclosures made by those companies including in annual reports and other filings. Sebi will also coordinate with other regulators and government agencies, while information would be sought from foreign regulators if required, one official said, while adding that a structured multi-regulatory approach could be discussed at FSDC (Financial Stability and Development Council) or other such forums. The 'Paradise Papers' investigation, carried out by ICIJ along with media partners across the world including the Indian Express, has unveiled offshore activities of some of the world's most powerful people and companies after exploring 13.4 million leaked files from offshore law firms and the company registries in some secretive countries. ALSO READ: From Amitabh Bachchan to Vijay Mallya: 714 Indians named in Paradise Papers expeditiously pass a fresh order in the matter relating to Diageo Plc requiring to make additional payments to the minority shareholders of United Spirits Ltd (USL). ALSO READ: Queen Elizabeth to Facebook: Paradise Papers expose tax haven secrets of ultra-wealthy Diageo became a controlling shareholder of USL -- whose erstwhile promoter was now fugitive Mallya -- in May 2013 with 25.02 per cent stake after completion of a Rs 3,134.56 crore open offer. Among the firms that have cropped up in the leaked list of 'Paradise Papers', shares of Jindal Steel & Power went down by 2.32 per cent on BSE, Essar Shipping lost 2 per cent, Videocon Industries fell by 1.82 per cent, Sun TV Network dropped by 1.74 per cent, GMR Infrastructure declined by 1.57 per cent and Apollo Tyres dipped 0.88 per cent. On the other hand, shares of USL rose by 1.19 per cent on BSE. ALSO READ: Paradise Papers: No transactions done for 'personal purpose', says Jayant Sinha Meanwhile, NGO Transparency International called for stricter measures to regulate the financial sector and their participants, including real estate brokers, lawyers, and bankers.
RECOMMENDED FOR YOUWatch Pingveru record online [16/4/2017]
Watch scarlettnsybil record today Pingveru. I would like to keep you in a kennel and feed him and give him water. and then you came . So I push my vibrator to the front of them for the pleasure of myself, but uh oh, the vibrator is stuck in my stockings, while in position and I can not remove it. tu ami le tette alla follia . anibutler video More bath = fun time with legs, feet, breasts and just a touch of bush. But you got a better idea, torture Vibe. Warning, sometimes the video is a bit damp, but do not worry - it will be erased. Maybe I had to call some friends to lick this mess. I'll continue to ask you to smell your p0pp3r5 and finally, just when I lock you, I'll make you scream like you're a droppier who loves cock. I grab my little G-spot vibrator, take off my panties and start having fun. My God. That looks better. Yum Watch as I suck hard and try to swallow as much of my chest as possible. We met in our bar and from there went to the tits. More from these videos for cum: P.
Well, here is my friend Joclyn Stone and we are here to show you that you have no chance Pingveru. As the jet engine I am, I explosion 7 times, dramatically. Fuck my ass with her in several positions while you rub my pussy and work the much needed orgasm relief. Only to feel sexier, I put on a delicious latex outfit. With my Canon EOS 7D camera recorded in high quality. Play with and nipples and tits while blowing the smoke on your face. In this video I try to put my full 8 inch BBC dildo on my butt, but it just does not fit. both the ladies moan and groan to beat and grind, finally girls get their paws on other tits, suck and lick the other sensitive nipples. You're so weak for me. No I was back in our bar Pingveru. I'll swallow you and devour your dinner. I was alone and down and all I need is my husband, so I feel better. Haha video black_boyslave The losers look at my feet. Watch syriahsage record today. Addicted to your little habit of failure So let's see how much you like to shoot, okay. Fast forward, and Angel is back and looking for even bigger implants.
Pingveru COMMENTS
Pingveru show download
I have her hand in my pussy relieved, it feels so damn good. I rub my breasts and clitoris a little to tease me, I am very concerned about the size of this huge cock. It must be. I have a lesbian horny date, which turns with the sweet little one I've never done, can definitely see us coming back for the first time.
Pingveru dildo ass toying
I know he's paid for it . I felt so mischievous, everyone would have caught me. I rub my pussy a little and a little guardian escaped. a young goddess, you have chosen it.
Pingveru ohmibod chaturbate
It will blow. I grab my wand and hold it against my clit until my pussy starts to drip, then I rub my clitoris until I squirt . I mean like you . Watch my pussy all wet, until I get a wonderful orgasm.
Pingveru video archive
You'll love every second of this video. My first real video I did. She comes under the blanket . video defw00 give me a bj in a black and sexy sexi.
Pingveru xxx fuck pvt show
Part 1, Lola watches for the first time that she has seen him and she has to take care of his itching. Mani high, you sborri not and Rimani con le Palle Piene . POV Video: Look at me, show me at the door, Pov Blow job, hand job and Tit Fuck, POV Cum on my tits. I am obsessed with making people.
Pingveru chaturbate premium pussy record
I caught you with all my panties and noticed the huge boner you have. (Pumppedal / Foot Detail) Blend / Tights Fetish . danisorrento video Dixie wanted some game, but I could not wait for Dad to come and help me. .
Pingveru anal video
This is Luscious Lopez wearing a hula tire. Yeah, I'll send it to you too. com/ BadDragon Chance:. You do not want a respectable aunt, if you have so much fun with me.
Pingveru blowjob
Only for you. Every 16 minutes of this sloppy blowjob was perfect. They have rocked me and spunked loads for you. My urine in her gifts ceremoniously marks the end of the era of Valentine's Day.
Pingveru nude
Well, it's like the teacher is your own Bimbo-Bot. I can drive a creamy dripping wet in my big dildo. Show me, yes, I want to see his big cock. Watch faiths_hope record today.
Pingveru private chaturbate record
manyvids. Sandyybigboobs ashleyxxl record fuck my throbbing pussy with my dildo 10 and play with my fingers. And now for my spit . Dressed in my fitting sweet top, big white panties and white knee high socks, seduce my camera man.
Pingveru webcam show
renaesn registry I make a mocking strip in front of the bathtub, then I enjoy it and I tease you with different parts of my body. With more than 50 minutes duration this show has a long duration and contains no less than nine long trailers. Findoms perfect intro (for older Finslaves). bigbunnyxx video I have my lovely fat plugs today and I stretch as hard as I can for you.
Developer of Sideline and Textfree | Pinger
Pinger makes the mobile apps Sideline and Textfree to provide an alternative to traditional carrier plans and business phone systems for millions of users.
Pinger - Wikipedia
Pinger, Inc. was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in San Jose, California. Pinger's application, Textfree, is a proprietary, cross-platform texting and ...
Text and Call for Free | Textfree - Pinger
Textfree is the mobile app that gives you a real US phone number for free texting and calling.
Pinger | Definition of Pinger by Merriam-Webster
Define pinger: a device for producing pulses of sound (as for marking an underwater site or detecting an underwater object)
textfree web – Pinger's Blog
Today in VentureBeat: Pinger takes on Apple’s iMessage with launch of Textfree Web “Pinger, a startup offering free text and voice messaging, has ...
PC Pitstop Pinger - Ping Test
PC Pitstop Ping Test. This page tests the connection between your computer and several sites on the Internet. For each site, we report some statistics ...
Pinger - Home | Facebook
Pinger, San Jose. 149,810 likes · 126 talking about this. We’ve been building apps that help people communicate in surprisingly simple ways since 2005....
Pinger - Text For Free Online | Textfree Web
Get a real phone number to send free texts from the comfort of your desktop with Text Free.
Friendly Pinger General info - kilievich.com
Friendly Pinger is application for network administration, monitoring and inventory
PINGERHOEVE Restaurant & Bed and Breakfast
Een gezellige plek voor mensen die houden van lekker en (h)eerlijk eten, geweldig slaapcomfort, zakelijke bijeenkomsten en persoonlijke feesten.Esqspot to Host Boston Networking Event this Week
Earlier this year, I wrote about the launch of Esqspot, a professional networking site for lawyers that offers a twist from other such sites — it aims to promote not only online networking, but also good old-fashioned live networking.
So far, it has hosted its live networking events only in New York. This week, however, Esqspot comes to Boston, for its debut event here in my neck of the woods.
The event is this Friday, Nov. 22, starting at 6 p.m., at Scholars American Bistro & Cocktail Lounge, 25 School St., Boston. Attorneys, law students and others in the legal industry are invited.
You can register to attend here. The cost is $15 per person. I hope to attend and look forward to seeing you there.Dominic was born in Castile, in Spain, in 1170. He entered the priesthood, and eventually became prior of the canons of the cathedral chapter (the clergy who formed the staff of the cathedral and conducted the daily worship services) at Osma..
O God of the prophets, who didst open the eyes of thy servant Dominic to perceive a famine of hearing the word of the Lord, and didst move him, and those he did draw about him, to satisfy that hunger with sound preaching and fervent devotion: Make thy Church, dear Lord, in this and every age, attentive to the hungers of the world, and quick to respond in love to those who are perishing; through Jesus Christ our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with thee and the Holy Spirit, one God, for ever and ever..
Psalm 96:1-7 or 98:1-4
Romans 10:13-17
John 7:16-18 (St2)The Southern Metropolitan Regional Council (SMRC)
The Southern Metropolitan Regional Council (SMRC) is a statutory, local government authority representing Local Councils in the southern part of Perth, Western Australia. It is responsible for developing environmentally sustainable waste management solutions and climate change abatement measures for the member council communities of:
- City of Cockburn
- Town of East Fremantle
- City of Fremantle
- City of Kwinana
- City of Melville
The SMRC has an operational role in the planning and coordination of the removal, processing, treatment and disposal of waste for the benefit of communities within its regional boundaries.
For more information about the SMRC please visit
The Regional Resource Recovery Centre (RRRC)
The Regional Resource Recovery Facility (RRRC) lies at the centre of the SMRC’s Regional Waste Management Strategy, delivering many environmental, social and economic benefits.
The RRRC has been operational since 2002 and is designed to recover 85% of household waste.
World class processing technologies were carefully selected to ensure the Waste Composting Facility (WCF), Green Waste Facility (GWF) and Material Recovery Facility (MRF) work together to manage waste streams cohesively and efficiently.
The RRRC strives to maximise the amount of waste diverted from landfill into resources recovery facilities: leading to sustainable recycling and climate change solutions.
The RRRC diverts more than 60,000 tonnes of waste per year from landfill and prevents about 70,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide from entering the atmosphere which is equivalent to taking more than 7,000 cars off the road.
Waste Collection
All residents of the SMRC member councils have the same two-bin collection system.
The green-topped bin is for organic materials (household waste), such as kitchen/household waste and smaller garden waste.
The yellow-topped bin is a co-mingled bin for all dry recyclable materials such as paper, cardboard, plastic, glass and aluminium.
In addition, the SMRC also provides residents with a disposal service for green waste.
Once collected, all household waste is taken to the RRRC for recovery and processing.
Please refer to your Resource Recovery Calendar to find out more about removal and recycling of all other household items, green waste and hazardous materials or call the SMRC on 9329 2700.SER main market UK, incoming organic traffic from 10 other countries. The CTR for those (10) countries was.
Mar 17, 2017. When one of the first eye-tracking studies on Google search engine results pages (SERPs) came out in 2005, researchers from Mediative discovered that there. Everything they've done in the travel vertical has always been in service to the end-user—getting them the information they want in the quickest.
Bright sunshine in many parts of the city and its neighbourhood this morning gave way to dark clouds by the afternoon,
Inspecting high-rise construction sites is a dangerous job. The HyDRAS-Arm (Hyper-redundant Discrete Robotic Articulated Serpentine-Arm), from engineers at Virginia Tech. Check back for exclusive video of the HyDRAS-Ascent II.
The Serpentine Gallery Garden Marathon takes place on 15 and 16 October, at the Serpentine Gallery, Kensington Gardens, London, W2 3XA. Visit to find out more. Tickets cost £25/£20 (2 days), £15/£10 (1.
Many airports across the world like Changi airport in Singapore and Chicago’s O’Hare airport have vertical gardens. This vertical garden is not new to the airport; it was developed as part of modernisation of Chennai airport that was carried.
New SERP Analysis dashboard in Rank Tracker: niche-specific SEO analytics and competitor insights for your site!
Users have learned this long since and adapted their reading behavior. Also those who managed it to occupy the first positions in the SERP with their AdWords ads can be pleased with attention. Also viewed are ads with pictures in the right display area of the SERP. It is remarkable that the readers now scan vertically with.
Feb 6, 2017. The typical layout of the Google mobile result page for commercially interpreted searches are stacked with four ads on top (previously three), followed by the local map, with three (previously four) organic listings last. (Bing's mobile SERP layout is similar.) Obviously, phone screen width dictates a vertical.
The starting material of natural antigorite (a high-temperature form of serpentine), which exhibited near-isotropic texture,
Nov 20, 2014..
AETD will take the variable-bypass fan and three-stream flow architecture and add highly integrated controls and a stealthy serpentine exhaust system (not part of ADVENT) and mature it to technology readiness and manufacturing readiness.
The SEO landscape is constantly evolving and marketers need to adapt. Here’s everything you need to know about SEO in 2018. SEO predictions from 48 expertsCommunity Resource
CGSFSO
(856) 507-9400
Vineland
We are a non-profit organization servicing families of our counties in Cumberland, Gloucester and Salem. We work as a team with the Care Management Organization (CMO) to help support, educate and advocate for families. We are a resource center for information and contacts. There is an FSO for each county in New Jersey.
Last Updated: 08/03/17Runtime: 133 mins
Genres Action Adventure Thriller
Actors, Pavel Bezdek, Ladislav Beran, Jan Pavel
Rating:
Description
watch Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol 2011 online free.
The American Girl Place, Los Angeles was our destination last Thursday.
we had some good bloggy-guessers :)
I was there, and I have to tell you it was real. Very real.
and girly, and fun, and kind of creepy, too. (just a little-did I just say that out-loud?)
Pink. It was very pink. We had lunch in the cafe. They had loaner dolls just in case you needed a lunch date. They even had little special chairs that hooked up onto the table.
The doll had her own plate and cup.
Of course.
I have to say that the cafe was pretty magical. Very pink. (don't drag along the brother..just don't!) The food was dainty and girlish, and pretty good. The dessert was all that, and very good! The day was a magical-memory-day, and having lunch made it more so.
And of course, the reason we were making this pilgrimage...the doll of her heart.
And all the accessories.
As we were nearing the store, Amie told me she was so excited that her tummy was tingly.
oh, to be so little again and so excited!
God bless Grandmother! :). Elise, Oahu, Hawaii.
2. Christina Adele Warburg, Bridger-Teton National Forest, Wyoming.
Took this photo on my first ever camping trip at The Observatory in 2012 with my ministry team. Little did I know then, that that summer would lead me to my dream job and give me the best friends and memories I could ever hope for. I know I probably sound like a broken record, but this ministry (A Christian Ministry in the National Parks -ACMNP) has just impacted my life SO much, that I really want others to experience it. If you are a believer, have 90 days this summer, and want to live and work in one of about 30 different National Parks, I HIGHLY suggest applying. And don't just take my word for it, check back later in the comment section for more stories of how working with ACMNP has profoundly effected people's lives. Or feel free to share your own if you have one. I say this today because if you have served with ACMNP before and one summer just wasn't enough, your application fee will be waived if you apply by today. And If you have never served before, if you get your application in by today you have the opportunity to win some cool prizes. I promise it will be one of the best decisions you will ever make. @acmnp #acmnp
3. A World to Travel, Noia, Galicia, Spain.
4. Dylan Schwartz, Echo Park, Los Angeles.
5. Beau Ramsey, Mount Baker, Washington.
I love that we have the freedom to travel into these wonderful places! Here's an image from this last fall. We sat right here enjoying yummy snacks, drank refreshing beverages and watched a beautiful sunset. We all have bad days, but these perfect little moments all add up. They help me gain perspective on life and this life is beautiful.
6. Bel Jones, Wanaka, New Zealand.
7. Jordan Herschel, Columbia Icefield in the Canadian Rockies.
8. Marisa, Mount Elbert, Colorado.
9. Timo Oksanen, Hannukainen Finland.
10. SCUBAPRO, Roatán, Bay Islands, Honduras.
11. Elle Kirste, The Byodo-In Temple, Oahu Hawaii.
First stop on my tour of Oahu – the Byodo-Inn Temple. This beautiful replica of the original temple of the same name in Kyoto is made even more stunning and ethereal with its setting in the lush Valley of the Temples. Don't miss it! •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• #topdecker #tourhawaii #worldexplorermag #natgeotravelpic #contiki #gadv #geckosadventures #traveltheworld #travelstoke #travelawesome #spottly #trover #lonelyplanet #fodorsonthego #bestvacations #beautifuldestinations #livetravelchannel #liveintrepid #lifewelltravelled #openmyworld #dametraveler #darlingescapes #worlderlust #SoulTravelers #openmyworld #neverstopexploring #jetstaraustralia #showusyourgorman #thinklesstravelmore #venturehawaii #lethawaiihappenA tool to determine if you’re being paid fairly for your job in a given area. Select the area where you live and occupation, and see if you are underpaid compared to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Certificates are generated as either a congratulations, or as a prompt to discuss a raise with your boss.
All data was sourced from the BLS’s Occupational Employment Statistics for 2016. Site built in React, with code available on github.
Originally developed for VICE News, with design by Michael Deal.
Landing page
Certificate of UnderpaymentDescription
Dave Kranzler is a rabble-rouser and a truth teller. But f you follow his work here at SGT Report and on his site Investment Research Dynamics, you already know that. The collapse is in progress — as Jim Willie says, it started in 2008 — but the sad reality for most Americans is that they won't wake up until it's too late..Dave's site: REAL News&Information 24/7:: "The Complex" ().ALL EPISODES
- Step 0
- Step 1
- ADVISOR MAGAZINE
Steve Weatherford is a 10 year NFL Veteran, Superbowl XVLI Champion, loving husband, and father of four. In this episode I get to spend the day with him at Metlife Stadium, as he beats me back into shape with two insane workouts. He shares a few stories that molded his mindset into that of a champion.
Behind the scenes and full interviews will be available soon through our newsletter, sign up atIf You Like Yugioh MMO
Yugioh MMO can be a ton of fun! Wizard101 also has a lot of great MMO features. Yugioh has interesting MMO features that have been extremely successful. This game gives players a unique experience with MMO excitement. Yugioh MMO lets you experience Yugioh in a whole new way. If you like Yugioh.Interested in Advertising on 780Tuners? Please contact us
^^ there you go. sod in front yard only. that community is nice. did you buy one of the lots backing onto the ravine? or is it the duplex lots?
Lot 13 is the one I bought
those duplex lots were big. i sold a couple of the first homes in that community including lot 9 just west from you. its gonna be a nice looking community for sure.The northeast security is held in the Shenyang new world exhibition centre on the 20th April ,2017. HORED show PoE switch, wireless bridge, wireless AP and smart home.
Make a show of one’s strength and compose new legend.
HORED booth is A250-261 , A Hall in Shenyang new world exhibition centre. Many customers visit our booth to know product at the first day. It is good start for the northeast security exhibition.
HORED show PoE transmission system, WiFI ecosystem, Smart security ecosystem and solution.
PoE security transmission system
WIFI ecosystem
Smart security ecosystem
Many customers like HORED PoE switch, PON-PoE switch, long range 250m PoE switch, wireless bridge, wireless AP and smart home product. Especially is interested in our smart home product.
We look forward to creating the win-win cooperation with you in future.I can speak from experience I used to have a crippling phobia of spiders, to the point if I saw one and I was at home on my own I would leave and stay at my mums until someone could find the spider to get rid of it! Or I would barricade myself into a room where I would put towels under the door so it couldn’t get in, but I wouldn’t be able to sleep.
My phobia got so bad I wouldn’t go into certain rooms if I thought there would be a spider in there!
I got hypnotherapy so I could just be able to see a spider and not have a panic attack, I never wanted to like them, I just wanted to be able to stay calm and think clearly.
When I see a spider now I don’t freak out, I can get a cup and a piece of paper and catch it to put it outside! This is a fantastic result for me, such a small step, but a massive life changer.
Anna. Bristol
I contacted Louisa and had about 4 or 5 sessions with her – all the while thinking I’d be sitting in a chair with someone waving a pocket watch in front of me while saying ‘dentists are good, dentists are good’ but, I’m pleased to say that it wasn’t like that at all!
Louisa spent a lot of time talking about the physiology of fear and phobias which massively helped my understanding and, during the hypnosis, I thought I was sleeping – though I definitely wasn’t!
I’m proud (and thankful) to say that I had a massive refilling and a prep for a cap carried out at a normal dentist – with no sedation – the week after I finished my hypnotherapy and, while it wasn’t my idea of fun, using the knowledge Louisa gave me and the subtle changes through the hypnosis, I coped well. I didn’t run out of the surgery yelling, I didn’t battle with the dentist and I managed to remain relatively calm in the chair.
A few weeks later I went back to have the cap fitted with no issues.
I would have no qualms in recommending Louisa as she really does know her stuff – a lot of what she has told me has influenced both my personal and working life – and working with her has led me to face and overcome something that I never in a million years thought I could do.’
Nicola, Bristol
I had been a smoker since I was 14 years old,( I am now 48) and I was expecting my first Grandchild and knew that I did not want to be a smoker anymore as I wanted to be around to watch him grow up and to run around after him.
I was clear with Louisa what I wanted to achieve and she talked me through the session, just one session and I would be free from an addiction I had had for many years. I did ask some strange questions, would I suffer? Would it be instantaneous that my urges would be gone? She reassured me that it would be instant and I would not suffer.
I did have my last ever cigarette at 6pm on the 6th January 2015 and have not had any desire to smoke since. My partner smokes cigars and it does not bother me and it is hard to explain but it is like I never had that first cigarette all those year ago.
No with drawl symptoms, no over eating to compensate not smoking any more which I was worried about. I can not begin to add up how much money I have saved and how grateful I am to Hypnotherapyforme for changing my life.
Just a few hours to change a lifetime of addiction, I can not recommend her highly enough.
Lindsay
I was at the point of thinking that this is the way I would have to live and whatever I tried things did not improve for me.In a short space of time and sessions with Louisa I have been amazed at the positive changes that I have been able to make in my life as a result. I have had many restrictions lifted which have then enabled me to have a much better quality of life and being able to overcome many fears that affected me both personally and professionally on a daily basis. I can now ‘see the light at the end of the tunnel’.
Louisa is completely professional at all times, she has the great ability to make you feel relaxed in the therapy sessions and to feel extremely positive about your goals.
I was a bit sceptical at first after trying out so many other solutions to overcome my fears and phobias but I can honestly say that I have not been disappointed with the results of the Hypnotherapy and would not hesitate to recommend Louisa to anyone else and already have!
Louisa is a lovely lady who is passionate about her therapy and dedicated to her profession.
Sarah, BRISTOLAlfred is proud to partner with the Billy Strayhorn and Duke Ellington estates to release the famous jazzy arrangement of Tchaikovsky’s The Nutcracker Suite, as performed by the Duke Ellington Orchestra. This release, edited by Jeff Lindberg for level 6 jazz ensembles, marks the first time in history the authentic transcription of this legendary piece is available for sale.
Originally arranged in 1960 by Billy Strayhorn and Duke Ellington, the Alfred arrangement.
"I took it to my school music class in 1961 as part of our show-and-tell," said Alyce Claerbaut, President of Billy Strayhorn Songs, Inc. "My teacher gave it back to me and said that this was not the kind of music we study in school and this is not the way we treat such great classics such as Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker. This was of course before the development of jazz education curricula. Today, things are different. It is amazing how far schools have come with jazz education. The presentation of this work is becoming a common holiday practice - how great it is to finally get the original score!"
The piece is available for $399 and includes a full set of score and parts for all of the nine movements.
The Nutcracker Suite is part of the new Jazz Legends Series that was added in 2010 to Alfred’s prestigious Belwin Jazz catalog of performance music for jazz ensembles. The series will include new releases each year of jazz classics arranged for advanced school jazz ensembles, community bands, or university-level ensembles.
Also available from the Jazz Legends series is Hark for Duke's Trumpets, which was sometimes known as Hark! The Duke’s Trumpets. This piece was composed and arranged by Billy Strayhorn for the Duke Ellington Orchestra in 1956 and is edited by Jeff Lindberg for level 4 jazz ensembles. This classic arrangement has no trumpets—just saxes, trombones, and rhythm section. A score and parts set is available for $70.
Other arrangements of Strayhorn pieces published by Alfred include “Take the ‘A’ Train,” “Isfahan,” "Chelsea Bridge,” and various selections in Volume 1 of Alfred’s Jazz Play-Along Series titled Strayhorn & More.
Pick up your copy of The Nutcracker Suite jazz ensemble arrangement from your favorite music retailer, or buy it today at alfred.com.The Main Street Free Press Museum
For Press Freedom at the Grass Roots
- Type:
- Museums
- Categories:
-
- General info
The Main Street Free Press Museum in Fredericktown, Ohio, was founded in 2000 by Rarick W. Long, publisher of the village's weekly newspaper for 35 years, and by his sons and daughter, John C. Long, Harlan B. Long, and Rebecca Leakey. A year or two before his death in 2001, Rarick Long began expressing his desire that the historic building and his letterpress printing equipment, much of it more than a century old, be preserved for the benefit of the public. With the help of volunteers from the Fredericktown community, the Long family transformed the former Knox County Citizen office and print shop into the Main Street Free Press Museum.
The Main Street Free Press Museum
For Press Freedom at the Grass RootsNickel isotopes 58-68,70Ni were measured using collinear laser spectroscopy at the COLLAPS setup at CERN-ISOLDE. Nickel has magic proton number 28, the first magic number that is caused by the spin-orbit interaction and the isotope chain is state-of-the-art in nuclear structure research. One of these is the sub-shell closure at N=40, which has been intensively studied by various experimental methods [1-5]. In the whole region, 68Ni is expected to exhibit the strongest sub-shell closures and this is visible in the behavior of the now measured mean-square charge radii crossing N=40.
Furthermore, a tight correlation between neutron-radii, the electric dipole polarizability αD and the neutron equation of state (EOS) has been intensively discussed first based on Skyrme Hartree-Fock models, linking nuclear properties with the structure of neutron stars. Of particular interest in this respect are also recent ab initio calculations entering into the medium mass region and demonstrating a clear correlation between the charge radius, the neutron radius and αD in the case of 48Ca [6].
Indeed, this correlation was exploited to predict αD based on 48Ca’s experimental charge radius in reasonable agreement with a recent measurement [7]. Ab initio calculations now become feasible in the Nickel mass region as well. Recent αD measurements in 68Ni [8] are now backed up by our experimental value for the mean-square charge radius making this a rare case where both observables are experimentally known and will therefore provide an important new benchmark for ab initio as well as density functional theory.
[1] R. Broda et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 74 , 868 (1995).
[2] H. L. Seifert et al., Z. Phys. A 349, 25 (1994).
[3] O. Sorlin et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 88, 092501 (2002).
[4] S. Rahaman et al., Eur. Phys. J. A 43, 5 (2007).
[5] C. Guenaut et al., Phys. Rev. C 75, 044303 (2007).
[6] G. Hagen et al., Nature Physics12, 186-190 (2016).
[7] J. Birkhan et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 118, 252501 (2017)
[8] D.M. Rossi et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 111, 242503 (2013)
Share this page
Social networks
CalendaringContents
You guide to pet play lifestyle
Human pup play is no exemption. Like anything human beings come up with, dog play can be translated and also executed in different ways by numerous people around the world.
Human dog play is simply an individual shedding their restraints and behaving like a canine to an extent. There can be a deep intense roleplay, with a human puppy checking out the world on all fours and creating a deep bond with a Proprietor, or it could be light hearted fetish play alone or with others. Essentially a person is acting like a canine; an individual tackles the duty of a canine.
Frequently you will certainly listen to human puppies state they want to streamline their desires and motivations as they accept a new expression of themselves, one that is a lot more animal and also definitely less socialised human. As a puppy they can wag a tail, lick their owner’s hand, as well as show sensations in brand-new as well as straight ways without worry of judgement. It is just one of the most thoughtful, playful, and also rational BDSM scenes as it involves considering how you act and also reveal yourself as you let go.
For others they may look for self-control in dog play so they experience dominance and also entry which is the turn-on in itself. The pup is constantly a human puppy capable of frisky human sex-related behavior with other pups or their proprietor.
Please check below for the response to these usual bdsm lifestyleconcerns:
- Does dog play mean I will be embarrassed?
- How sex-related is human dog play?
- Does human pup play entail real canines whatsoever?
- Can any person do human pup play?
- Are human puppies into BDSM or are they Furries?
Does human dog play mean I will be degraded?
Within the kink neighborhood, there are a wide range of various methods and behaviours which can consist of domination and entry. In some people, if they are being submissive, they might take on the duty of a canine. That is, they are dealt with not as human, instead as a human dog and also indeed, for some people that degree of submission may be represented within human pup play. However, the spectrum is significant within human puppy play and it is not about being submissive. Sirius puppy play shows a person to check out points in the present minute, in the currently. If an individual wants to be broken down for fun as well as sex-related enjoyment that could conveniently be incorporated, as well as Sirius pup training provides finding out safeguards and also practices to do that scene well. Watch this video clip to hear it explained.
How sexual is human puppy play?
Human dog play could be as sex-related as you want it to be. There is no particular range on just how sexual it could be or regulations on exactly what makes a human puppy play experience, sexual.
The other point concerning pup play is that it may open up for you a world of kink. Let’s start from pup play, you might check out other fetishes and twists.
Does human pup play entail real canines whatsoever?
No. I can not stress the response “no” enough to this inquiry. Human puppy play is a humanlike fetish, because we handle elements of the canine individuality and physicality, rather than physically ended up being dogs. Pet dogs can not recognize human sexuality as well as the subtlety of human pup play as a proclivity. It is unsuitable to do human puppy play around them. In no way do we ever before wish to cause complication or distress to any dog, neither take part in any type of fetish play with one. Sirius dog training educates settlement as well as approval as well as dialogue between human pups. That is all. See this video clip to hear it explained.
Can any individual do human pup play?
Any person could do human pup play. Whilst it may seem typical to see only homosexual male human puppies, there are plenty of women pups and heterosexual pups of all alignments and also expressions. There is no reason any gendered person from any background couldn’t end up being a human pup, if that is just what they envisage on their own. It is practical to have an open mind and to be able to freely express yourself in a sexual fetish in your local area. Mindfulness of your culture and individuals is essential as in some areas on the planet it could be tough to behave like a human puppy. Simply keep in mind human puppy play is simple to practice in the safety and security and privacy of your own residence. Watch this video clip to hear it explained.
Are human dogs into BDSM or are they Furries?
Human dog play is its own distinctive expression of anthropomorphism and fetish play. It easily crosses over right into other avenues of sexual as well as enjoyable expression. There are 2 major kink/fetish groups that are generally associated with beginnings of human puppy play. The very first is the leather fetish scene which connects to domination/submission. The 2nd is from various other humanlike fetish teams such as furrydom wherein a few of the personalities (described in these teams as ‘fursonas’) which have been produced are in fact of the canine kind. There are other opportunities bring about human pup play too. It could be as simple as a web search nowadays. For some individuals it is actually regarding finding a team of individuals or tasks that they are comfortable with, that they delight in joining. Obviously being a human pup does not even require being in a neighborhood. You could appreciate human pup play all by yourself in your very own method. Sirius puppy training concentrates on skills and also advancement to be a human dog in any scenario.
Puppy play is NOT regarding bestiality. Human puppy play does not involve genuine pups/dogs in sexes and also it does not mean a person wishes to perform sexual activities with genuine biological pups/dogs.
Young puppy play originally began as a way to humiliate or punish a young boy by making them look and also act like a pet dog but numerous located they recognized more with being a pet compared to they did as a young boy or servant. Started the puppy motion.
It is different for every person that tackles the duty of a pup or a pet dog. It occasionally includes a trainer/master/handler/ owner where a dog is educated, disciplined or merely acts like a spoiled pet dog and occasionally it could just involve having fun with various other pups/dogs or playing alone. Some dogs totally give up all human qualities, becoming a true “pet” while others preserve differing levels of their human attributes.
For some it’s completely non-sexual, there is no erotic or sex-related communication at all, merely counting on a person to feed and also reward or technique them is only an amazing variation of Dominance and also submission (D/s). For others, they are constantly a human, capable sexual behavior with various other pups or humans. Young puppy play has solid normally taking place components of D/s, ownership as well as control, in addition to other typical BDSM facets
Young puppy play relies on what the people included are wanting to complete, it can be nothing more than role-play fun or an escape from reality utilizing an alternating personality.
What activities are associated with puppy play?
Human Young puppy kissAnything a real puppy/dog could do! It could range from just sleeping on a pad on the flooring during the night, to housetraining, to chasing a round or Frisbee to duke it outing a human or various other pups to playing a day in the life of a “pet dog proprietor”.
Taking treatment of a human pup/dog can be as demanding as taking care of a genuine pup/dog or as straightforward as living with a roomie. The majority of individuals will not desire to cleanse up the floor or the human pup after it pees or potties however some may desire to have to train them not to.
What do human puppies/dogs put on?
Human Young puppies at public clubAt home, the majority of owners/trainers/handlers require their pets constantly be nude apart from a collar and sometimes a hood, tail, mitts, knee pads and also possibly socks or footwears for foot defense given that genuine pooches do not typically put on clothing. It depends on the owner/trainer/handler to establish exactly what, if any garments is to be put on.
At clubs, bars as well as buddies residences pups/dogs typically put on just feasible varying from entirely nude, to jock strap, to damp match, to regular street clothes. Use common sense, you don’t wish to make people also awkward or violate outfit codes. Many neighborhood authorities call for genital areas and also pubic hair to be covered in addition to at the very least a 1 inch vast strap in back. If you cannot wear it to a public beach you probably can not wear it to a public bar.
At dining establishments and various other public places, sound judgment uses. Generally you can wear a collar and also sometimes some pup equipment can be used, often not, relying on the scenario.
What toys/accessories are involved in puppy play?
Human Young puppy on a leashCollar and leash to take them for a walk.
Padded knee pads to protect their knees while creeping.
Padded bondage gloves or socks to restrict thumbs and pad the knuckles.
Squeaky playthings and balls with rope via them so the pup/dog can grasp it with their teeth.
Big dog bowls or superficial recipes such as cake pans superficial as well as broad enough to obtain the pups/dogs face in.
Cage for penalty or play large sufficient for the pup/dog stretch their legs out directly while staying up.
Human Puppy tailA big, well padded dog bed for taking naps or resting.
Restriction devices to train the pup/dog to stay on all fours or for penalty.
A muzzle, hood or mask (preferably with ears) to maintain the pup/dog from speaking.
Butt plug tail or belt with a tail add-on.
Housetraining pads for the floor if needed.
Treats for rewarding great pups/dogs.
A rolled up newspaper to remedy small behavior problems.
Chastity devices if your pup/dog tries to hump things or individuals. Be sure to obtain one that can be left on when urinating.
Anything else a proprietor or a puppy wants that aids them obtain right into head space.
Just what is associated with man dog sex training?
Human Young puppy peeHard-core puppy fitness instructors might wish to use behavior modification strategies using the complying with devices to educate their pup/dog:
Restrictions could be utilized to limit the dogs capability to stand up or use their hands because pups/dogs are always on all fours as well as don’t have thumbs. Keep in mind: This can be literally debilitating if required to extremes or constant breaks are not enabled.
Muzzles or hoods might be made use of to prevent the pup/dog from speaking since pups/dogs bark and also whine, they do not speak, they utilize body language or various other shenanigans to communicate what they want. Remember to eliminate it frequently to permit them to consume alcohol. Note: If a human pup is never ever permitted to talk or interact as a typical human being for extended periods they could come to be psychotic and also harmful to you as well as themselves.
Cages or shock collars (around their thighs never ever around their neck) could be made use of if a pup involves in or reacts to regular human discussions considering that pups/dogs could only recognize and also react to straightforward commands, like “sit”, “stay”, “come”, “heel”, “bring” and so on
. Human Puppy in a cageDog bowls might be made use of to feed pup/dogs. To boost the consuming experience, tinned human foods such as beef stew, corned beef hash or morning meal grains can be utilized.
Chastity devices might be should maintain sexy pups/dogs from humping the furnishings or peoples legs. Make certain to make use of a style that could be left on while the pup/dog urinates.The dump truck song
he Dump Truck song
CHORUS, just listen to the wind whistlin' in your ears.
Hop in Mr. Rooster, Hop in Mrs. Hen
Hey there, pig, climb in again. Step aboard there, doggie.
Waddle in here, duck, hey there, Miss Kitty, take a ride in my truck.It’s 11:18pm on Tuesday as I write this from Massachusetts where I was speaking. I got back to the hotel room in time to see about 40 minutes of the Democrat presidential primary debate. I can easily say that former Senator Jim Webb was certainly out of place on that stage. Even Anderson Cooper made the assertion that he was out of touch with the Democrat party. And what did Cooper mean by that? What you saw was a gathering of folks posturing to “out left” each other. I will admit one thing; Anderson Cooper did a professional job in asking tough questions in a direct manner focused on topics and issues — as opposed to Jake Tapper who only created an animal house environment. But then again, the GOP candidates shouldn’t have followed him down that path.
The theme seemed to be all about populism — tell folks what they want to hear and give them what they want. And it will be paid for by rich people. And the rich people are Republican, and protected by Republicans.
What I found funny was that the Democrat primary selection pool is all old white people — diversity? If you were watching this debate, you’d believe we’re living in a different America. We’re going to give people free family leave, free healthcare, free education and anything else they want. There’s nothing that’s not a right. And it has to be very shocking to our Republic that an avowed socialist is wowing folks. Now, there is one thing on which I do agree with Bernie Sanders, and that is the restoration of Glass-Steagall, since Dodd-Frank has done nothing but punish small community banks.
But what was odd to me was the Sanders defense of Hillary Clinton and the “emails” issue. Now, just ask yourself, if this were a Republican, would folks just say move on, nothing to see here? And consider that Hillary Clinton wants to be commander in chief when members of the U.S. Armed Forces would be sentenced to Ft. Leavenworth for such missteps with classified materials.
As a matter of fact, consider the case of one U.S. Marine Corps Major Jason Brezler, who may well be discharged from the Corps because he sent “classified” material over his personal email — to warn Marines about an Afghan police chief, Sarwar Jan.
On that stage last night, there was only one person who could truly be considered to be a commander in chief — Senator Jim Webb – and he doesn’t have a chance. I also found it interesting that guns were a target, but there was not much of discussion about mental health or the breakdown of the family and the rise of gangs in the inner cities.
To hear Martin O’Malley talk about gun control while knowing what is happening in Baltimore, well, he probably should have skipped that topic. I may have missed it, but did anyone get asked if they own a gun and if they’ve ever bought a firearm at a gun show? Hmm, I have.
The real lesson learned from this debate for the GOP is simple — stop the circular firing squad. Stop allowing debates to descend into the morass of the high school food fight. Let’s see if the GOP candidates learned that lesson.
The lesson to be learned for us as a nation is we just saw the far left on full display. Their overarching belief is that President Obama has not gone far enough! And to refer to Republicans as “obstructionists” — well, consider the first two years of Obama’s presidency with control and massive majorities in the House and Senate — they did what they wanted. Compromise? Nah, that wasn’t part of the plan.
If you want a progressive socialist country, then you had a great night last night. If you seek a Constitutional Republic, you are still yearning.The IED Madrid has a guidance and orientation service to support international students and those from outside Madrid to settle in the city, and to help them adapt to the school and the city.
The Hospitality Department aims to offer an additional guidance and welcoming service, providing useful and practical information regarding any paperwork you must complete before and after arriving in Madrid, so that you know what to do with regard to issues such as visas, accommodation, registration, medical insurance, bank accounts, etc.
You can find all this information in this guide:
If you have any questions, please write to us at: hospitality@madrid.ied.esICSD 2018 : 6th International Conference on Sustainable Development, 12 - 13 September 2018 Rome, Italy
Published 2 months ago by RB on PUBLIC HEALTH • 22 Views
The 6th ICSD 2018.will be an excellent opportunity to share your ideas and research findings relevant to the Sustainability Science,through the European network of academics Papers will be published in EJSD Journal(Thompson Reuters)and Proceedings.
-A Daily Moisturizing Treatment visibly reduces the appearance of pores.
- Visibly reduces the appearance of pores.
- Helps perfect occasional skin problems.
- Softens & smoothes skin.
- SPF 15
- Retinol and Alpha-Hydroxy Acid Formula.
- Hypo-Allergenic.
Neutrogena Pore Refining Cream is a daily moisturizing treatment clinically proven to visibly reduce the appearance of pores and help perfect occasional skin problems and imperfections for clear, smooth, refined skin.
A breakthrough formula with a patented liposome delivery system and effective combination of Retinol and Alpha-Hydroxy Acid:
- Retinol, the purest form of Vitamin A, works deep within the skin's surface to visibly reduce the appearance and size of pores and refine skin texture.
- Alpha-Hydroxy Acid sweeps away dull surface skin to help perfect occasional skin problems and imperfections.
- Creamy, non-greasy formula works with skin's natural mechanism to build moisture levels for softer, smoother skin.
Dermatologist tested formula is:
- Hypo-allergenic.
- Non-comedogenic (won't clog pores).
- Oil-free.
- Alcohol-free (contains no drying alcohol).
Week 2 | 4
Reduced appearance of pores * | +
Improved skin clarity * | +
Reduced skin imperfections * | +
Softer & smoother skin + | +
Refined skin texture * | +
Noticeable Improvement *
Significant Improvement +
Made in USA.
Directions:
Apply daily after cleansing. Smooth small amount over face and neck. Can be used morning and evening in place of your regular moisturizer. You may experience mild tingling or redness. This is normal and temporary.
As part of any good skincare regimen, Neutrogena recommends daily use of a moisturizer with SPF 15 sunscreens to protect your skin during the day. Try Neutrogena Moisture SPF 15.
Ingredients:
Purified Water, Isocetyl Stearate, Ammonium Glycolate, Glyceryl Distearate, Stearyl Dimethicone, Cetyl Alcohol, Glycerin, Glycolic Acid, Steareth 10, Cholesterol, Retinol, Tocopherol, Ascorbic Acid, Disodium EDTA, Steareth 21, Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Copolymer, Polysorbate 20, BHT, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Phenoxyethanol, Fragrance
Warnings:
Avoid contact with eye area. If product gets into eyes, rinse thoroughly with water.What’s the true meaning of “I and my Father are one”?
By Wang Ya In the past, I saw the Bible recorded, “And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway […]
Once, I had thought I was one who loved You, loving deeply.
When I heard that in order to redeem us, You devoted Yourself, being nailed onto the cross until sacrificing all Your precious blood. At the cost of Your life, You saved us from sins. At that moment, I began to feel choked, and subsequently the tears came streaming down my face. I sobbed without restraint.
It’s totally because of Your exaltation and grace that I can come to Your family. I felt extremely glorious from my heart. At that point, I came before You, making a solemn promise to You: I am willing to devote my life to follow You and pursue to love You as well as repay Your love. Later, due to Your exaltation, I performed duties in Your family. I was more excited and touched in my heart, making a lofty resolution secretly: I will imitate the former saints and prophets to work and expend for You, spreading Your name and bearing witness to You. Thereafter, I began to act quickly, expending and laboring for You. Although it was arduous to work for You, I felt even more sweet in my heart under the feeding and nourishing of Your words. At that moment, I thought that I was the one who loved You most.
Once upon a time, I told brothers and sisters at meetings, “We are created beings, You are the Lord of all creation. You bestow life on us, and provide everything for us. We resolve to pursue to love You and repay Your love, or we are the ones who have no conscience.” At that time, I more firmly believed that I was the one who loved You.
However, I didn’t consider whether or not my love to God is true. Maybe I had never loved You. Gradually, I saw clearly my true self …
One day, I got married and worked. I began to bustle back and forth for the sake of my family and job, having no place for You in my heart any more. Therefore, I didn’t have normal spiritual life, much less had time to attend meetings. At that moment, my promise became a lie. What I brought to you were all sorrow and deceit. However, I became so numb and had no consciousness, unable to feel Your hurt and pain at all. I, just like a clock winding up, ran forward constantly, being busy for my family and job and children. Though feeling very tired, I was unwilling to stop for a short rest.
Sometimes when feeling tired and empty in my heart, I would think of You, but this thought passed in the blink of an eye and never stayed too long; or when in the face of danger, I would call upon You: “Oh, God, save me!” During this period of time, there was one time, I could not remember clearly when it was, I asked myself, “Where have I gone, the one who has ever made a solemn promise to You and is willing to forever love You for a lifetime? Nowadays, I was engaged in my family and job with all my heart. I didn’t have spiritual life or meetings, and became a thorough unbeliever, without any reality of faith in God! Why do I turn into who I am now? What on earth is the problem of this?”
As I was getting far away from You, it’s Your loving hand that saves me from darkness again. Brothers and sisters in the church found me, giving me help and support with great love.
Later, I saw Your words, :?” (“On Destination”).
“‘Love’ as it is called, refers to a pure emotion without blemish, where you use your heart to love, to feel, and to be thoughtful. In love there are no conditions, no barriers, and no distance. In love there is no suspicion, no deceit, and no cunning. In love there is no distance and nothing impure. … What kind of love is yours? Is it a true love? Is it false? How much have you given up? How much have you sacrificed? How much love have I gained from you? Do you know? Your heart is filled with evil, betrayal, and deceit. So then how much of your love is impure? You believe that you have already given up enough for Me; you believe that your love for Me is already enough, yet why do your words and actions always carry with them rebellion and deceit? … You follow Me, yet then cast Me aside. Is this considered love? You follow Me, yet are mistrustful of Me. Is this considered love?” (“Many Are Called, but Few Are Chosen”). In the face of Your accusatory words, my false and ugly colors were exposed in the light; I didn’t know how to answer, only being speechless; I shed tears again. Saying to love You over and over, but in the end I left You all lies and deceits as well as betrayals, and repaid Your love with the words from my lips. Then I did realize that I had never loved You. What I love were this world and the enjoyment of my marriage and family and the flesh. In order to obtain and possess these things, I gave up my duties and no longer had normal spiritual life, let alone the meetings. Everything I pursued belonged to the flesh and the world. I neither treasured nor pursued the truth, the way and the life from You. My expending and laboring in the past was just because of the temporary enthusiasm and the touch of the Holy Spirit, not my real stature. And it was also bargaining chips I prepared in exchange for the blessings of the kingdom of heaven. I expended and labored for God with the intent and hope of seeking to obtain blessings, thus this could not stand the test of time. In the face of facts, I did see clearly that I had never walked the way of pursuing the truth, my love for You was just because of the temporary enthusiasm but not coming from the bottom of my heart. From the beginning to the end, I had never truly loved You.
God, indeed I didn’t truly love You.
At that moment, I understand, if I love You, any problem will be ok for me; if I love You, even if I am too busy, I can find the time to be close to You; if I love You, I will expend for You with a true heart; if I love You, no matter how much suffering and no matter how many difficulties I meet, I will not be passive and draw back; if I love You, I will have faith and perseverance to go through any difficulty, and I will rely on God to overcome any difficulty to satisfy You. However, thinking of myself, wasn’t I the one who only expended for the people, the matters and the things that I cherished? In order to see my beloved timely, although I felt very tired after getting off work, I would take the subway to see her. And regard to this matter, I never said I was too tired or had no time. In order to earn more salary, I could work overtime everyday. At weekend, I should have put my job aside to attend meetings, but I chose to work overtime.
God! Is it true that I am too busy to attend meetings? What on earth is the cause of this? Just as God’s word says, “In truth, all the trials and temptations that come upon man are lessons that God requires of man. According to God’s original intention, even if man resigns himself to parting with something he loves, it can still be achieved. The problem is just that man always loves himself, so he fails to truly cooperate with God. God does not ask much of man. All that God asks of man is meant to be achieved easily and happily; it is just that man is unwilling to suffer hardships. Like children, they could live frugally to come up with a few pennies to honor their parents and fulfill the duty they ought to fulfill. Yet they fear that they won’t eat well enough and that their clothing will be too plain, so for one reason or another, they take their parents’ love and care and cast it far out into the clouds, as if they will start to do this after earning a great deal of money. But I can see from this that men do not have the filial piety of loving their parents—they are unfilial sons” (“Interpretation of the Thirty-eighth Utterance”). God, I am the unfilial son Your word reveals. For the sake of my flesh, I was willing to give up my life and dedicate myself. However, I dedicated nothing to get the truth and was not willing to acknowledge it. God, I am the unfilial son without conscience who ever talked about Your love with lips all day but never loved You.
At this moment, I understand, If I love You, I will devote everything to You, even if it’s necessary, I am willing to spare no effort to sacrifice for You. Just like Peter, he could obey God to the death and love God to the highest level. When Peter escaped from the jail, the Lord appeared to him and told him that He would be nailed onto the cross again for Peter. After understanding the Lord’s will, he determined to return back to the jail again. In the end, he was willing to be nailed upside down on the cross, bearing resounding witness for the Lord. This is true love of God!
God, I do understand what You said at the moment, “He that loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me: and he that loves son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me” (Matthew 10: 37). “If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brothers, and sisters, yes, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple” (Luke 14:26). As believers in God, because of our own different pursuits, the ways we walk are naturally different. Some pursue to love and satisfy God; while some seek for happiness and peace as well as obtain more blessings and grace of the Lord, merely wanting to eat their fill but not practicing the truth. God, I am the latter who only wants to get grace from You but has never loved You, not knowing to be grateful and without conscience.
God, thanks for Your revelation, which allows me to realize the wrong way I have been walking. At the same time, I can see my real stature and shortcomings. In the coming days, I will pursue to love You according to Your words, “You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind” (Matthew 22:37). God, may You lead, How to Stop Living in Vain?10 Ways to Become More Green
You may have heard that it isn't easy being green. But that simply couldn't be further from the truth! Everyone thinks that because they're each "just one person," they can't make a big impact. Reality is, it just takes one person to make a difference. Don't worry, you don't have to live like a pioneer by candlelight and fire. Being green is easy and you can do it without turning your daily routine upside down.
Check out these ten unique ways you can go green without even thinking about it:
1. Use a reusable water bottle
Unless you live in a smaller community that mainly uses well water for hydration, get a reusable water bottle. Otherwise, you're paying for something that's literally free. 50 Ways to Help the Planet reported that 90 percent of plastic water bottles don't get recycled and instead are thrown in landfills, where they take thousands of years to decompose. Reusable water bottles are so much prettier than plastic water bottles anyway, so pick one up ASAP.
2. Lights off, electronics off
Before you go to bed, make sure you turn off the lights and properly power down all your electronics. 50 Ways to Help the Planet explained that you'll save 40 watts-hours per day, which equals $14 a year. Might not seem like a lot to you, but that's a pretty big pay day for old Mother Nature. Plus you can set a nice ambiance with some scented candles if you still need some light – just be sure to blow them out before you fall asleep.
3. Use tube-less toilet paper
Getting tube-less toilet paper doesn't require much change. You've most likely seen Scott Brand's commercial about how the U.S. tosses enough tubes to fill the Empire State Building twice every year. Have you ever been to the Empire State Building? That's a lot. Switch to tubeless toilet paper to help reduce that unnecessary waste. It doesn't take much effort at all.
4. BYOB
Bring your own bags. When you go grocery shopping, you don't have to go with paper or plastic, because you have cloth. And with your bag, you don't have to worry about the bag splitting open and losing your grocery load!
5. Ride share
If you already participate in the ride sharing trend, good for you! You're already on the right track. Ride sharing apps are becoming incredibly popular and are so easy to use. You won't have to worry about parking or tickets or gas, and at the same time, that's one less car on the road creating traffic and polluting the environment.
6. Don't rinse your dishes
Done. One less clean up step is totally doable, thanks for the tip Good House Keeping magazine. Turns out, you're actually wasting water by rinsing dishes by hand. Just make sure you run a full dishwasher and you're good to go.
7. Turn the water off
Saving water is the golden rule on this list. Think about all the times you have water running when you don't need it. Brushing your teeth, washing your face, waiting for the water to get hot in the shower – all these times you don't really need it to be on, explained GHK. OK, maybe you need a little extra time for the shower to warm up, but if that's the case then just take a shorter shower. No need to dawdle.
8. Buy second hand
Buying reused clothing might not sound like your cup of tea but you can actually find cute, high-end designer brands for cheap at thrift stores. The fast fashion market makes chic yet cheap clothing, yes, but all fashion trends are recycled. So you can definitely find the latest styles in a second hand shop – just look around.
9. Travel with e-tickets
Save the paper and anxiety of leaving your ticket on the counter at home when you travel next, suggested 50 Ways to Help the Planet. Just download an e-ticket, that way you have it right on your phone for a hassle free trip.
10. Hang dry wet clothes
With clothes dryers, the risk of shrinking and wrinkling your garments is high, so why not dry the good old fashioned way? You can also do the same for your hair if you aren't in a time crunch.UK-based Outright Distribution has reported several acquisitions and third party programming deals based on representation agreements UK indies, KEO films, Touch Productions and Flame TV. Among the new properties coming to the Outright slate via KEO are When the Amish Met the English (w/t), a 4×60′ series for Channel 4 that follows a group of Amish teens embarking on ‘Rumspringa,’ in which they’re free to interact with the outside world; Megacity, a 3×60′ for BBC2 that explores the slums of Lagos, and 3 Hungry Boys, a 9×30′ for Channel 4 that documents three marine biologists as they live off the land and sea for a month in the highlands and islands of Scotland. KEO’s River Cottage franchise has been sold to Sky in New Zealand, Australia’s XYZ and ABC and France’s Cuisine TV among others, while Touch Productions’ Body in Numbers will air on Noga in Israel, Ceska in Czech Republic, Sky in New Zealand and LIC in China. Touch’s Dallas DNA has been sold to Noga in Israel, Turner Latin America and in Scandinavia to Viasat’s TV8 in Sweden and to JIM (part of Nelonen channel group) in Finland. Finally, from Flame TV, World of Stupid Criminals has been bought by JIM and Sky in New Zealand.
- Documentary
- Formats
- Unscripted
- People/Biz
- IDFA ’17Has anyone not seen this awesome book? No? Seriously?! Where have you been then? This is my cover crush for this week!
Wolfsbane (Nightshade #2) by Andrea Cremer
Release Date: July 12th 2011
Published by: Philomel (Penguin Group)
Betrayal, loss, pain, fear. How many trials can love endure and still survive?
Between the Sea and Sky by Jaclyn Dolamore
Release Date: June 7th 2011
Published by: Bloomsbury USA Children's Books.
Small Town Sinners by Melissa C. Walker
Release Date: July 19th 2011
Published by: Bloomsbury
The story of Lacey Anne Byers, a small town girl who is excited to star in Hell House, her church's annual haunted house of sin, until a childhood friend reappears and makes her question her faith.
The Day Before by Lisa Schroeder
Release Date: June 28th 2011
Published by: Simon Pulse.
Abandon by Meg Cabot
Release Date: April 26th 2011
Published by: Scholastic Inc..
--------
I have to say that Melissa Walker's Small Town Sinners cover is very pretty, and the cover for Between the Sea and Sky is just astonishingly beautiful!
I've already seen more of these covers, but oh my gosh have I NOT seen Between the Sea and Sky before. That one had me with just one glance - it's G-O-R-G-E-O-U-S! o_o
Kai, really. :( Stop making my tbr bigger xP
I know right? It's so pretty! I have a cover crush on all of the covers! I can't wait to get my hands on all of them! so excited! haha.
I'm not sorry for increasing your TBR pile LOL, it happens to me too! :DThe Internation Space Station passed overhead at 18:36 this evening, with the space shuttle Discovery closing in and preparing to dock. Having never seen the ISS before, I thought I'd try and get some photos of it.
Each of the following photos is an unprocessed 100% sized crop from a relatively cheap Canon 500D digital SLR camera which produces 15 megapixel JPEG images.
Jupiter. Automatic camera settings aren't particularly suitable for taking photos of a very tiny bright dot in the middle of a vast expanse of darkness, so manual settings are the best way to go. To get a rough idea of which settings to use, I pointed my camera to the West, where the planet Jupiter was happy to lend a hand. This helped me focus the lens and work out what exposure settings to use. I decided to go with ISO 1600 sensitivity and set the lens aperture to f/8.
ISS appears. The ISS quickly appeared over the horizon, but was not particularly bright yet (possibly due to low altitude atmospheric polution?). I was hand-holding a 500mm lens with a 1.4x extender and had to slow my exposure time to 1/320 for this shot.
1/500. It seemed to be getting a little bit closer now, and certainly at a higher angle in the sky. I stepped the exposure up to 1/500 sec for this one.
1/1000. Getting brighter all the time, I pushed the shutter speed up to 1/1000. This made it easier to take handheld photos, although it was surprisingly difficult to locate the object through the viewfinder! The ISS moves quite fast and the effective focal length of 1120mm gives a narrow field of view.
Backflip. The small dot to the left of the ISS is the space shuttle Discovery coming to the end of its 'backflip' around the station (thanks to @adam_horn for confirming that!). The individual solar panels on the space station are now starting to become apparent.
Discovery! It may only be a few pixels in size, but the Discovery is slightly more recognisable in this shot. Those with a good imagination will surely agree that it's shaped like a space shuttle :)
They're not great photos, but I found the results nonetheless surprising, particularly as all I could see without the camera was a bright white dot moving up through the sky. The individual solar panels were not visible to the naked eye, and I had no idea that Discovery was even there until I looked at the JPEGs that came off the camera. I'm not a space geek, but I still found this pretty cool.
Awesome work! The last one is great. Yeah I can see Discovery's tailfin and everything ;)
That a moon of Jupiter in the first one? Slightly down and to the left of the planet?
Well spotted - I hadn't noticed that. It's either a moon or a hot pixel :)
voip phone systems is the world famous technology connected your business throughout the world.
what is this , i can not understand. Moon ? i don't think so.
Comment From day nau an - hoc mo quanIf ever there was a musical career that could be likened to a nursery rhyme or fairy tale, then Dolly Parton’s rise to international superstardom must surely be a contender. A figure of tragedy and triumph by turns, Parton’s personal and public life has been as much marred by controversy as it has touched by success and good fortune.
Recently appearing alongside Lily Tomlin and Jane Fonda - her co-stars in the iconic Eighties comedy 9 to 5 - at the 2017 Emmy Awards, the trio faced some backlash after Tomlin and Fonda used their entrance speech to make a dig at US President Donald Trump, calling him a 'sexist, egotistical, lying, hypocritical bigot.'
Your words not ours, ladies. Actually yeah go on then we’ll put our hats in the ring for that as well. From an adult’s point of view, I Believe In You as a whole is a psychiatrist’s wet dream, from the bizarre baby voices to the intrinsic sadness that run throughout. In fact, there’s often so much going on that it’s difficult to unpack quite how many layers of trauma and psychological issues might have been compounded by the fickle nature of modern society, fame and an industry as brutal as the music business . Having said that, this isn’t Parton coming across as some broken and tragic figure - she’s clearly got a loving heart and a desire to effect real change, both as a moral compass and grandmotherly voice of good character for whichever children she feels might need the support. It would be too easy to poke fun both at her and this record, and both deserve better.
Her 1971 hit single ‘Coat of Many Colours’ - reportedly one of Parton’s own favourite songs - gets a new and refreshed outing, a literal rags-to-riches tale that reflects on Parton’s humble origins and includes allusions to the Christian faith which is obviously of high importance to the country star. It’s a track which is tinged with melancholy, as is much of her output – an element of her personality which is not lost even on this light-hearted children’s record, that often references bullying and poverty.
‘Together Forever’ is a well-phrased if a little soulless offering on the nature of staying by someone’s side through thick and thin, again, something which Parton is more than qualified to comment on after a highly unusual 50-year marriage in an age where celebrities tie the knot more frequently than some of us change our bed sheets. The saccharine but maddeningly catchy ‘I Am A Rainbow’ is an admirable, if a little opaque, tip of the hat to inclusivity that encourages children to “love a lot, and colour the world” whilst ‘A Friend Like You’ is a full-of-silliness slice of CBBC pop.
One of the 'highlights' of the record is the Mexicana/Calypso of ‘Imagination’ – a genuinely well penned single which touches on aspects of Bob Dylan, Boney M, Meatloaf and Springsteen. It sounds insane, but believe me, the chorus is a bloody banger, and the lyrics are again shot through with a sadness which typifies this strange record: “When I’m feeling sad, frustrated or I’m mad, when no one understands my situation, I’ll tell you what I do, and you can do it too, I run away in my imagination”.
“Let’s be earnest, let’s be frank, everybody has to work” admittedly isn’t the kind of storming opening you might expect from a song about ‘Responsibility’, which is painstakingly spelled out vocally far less successfully than on Aretha Franklin’s wonderful ‘Respect’. It feels oddly out of place here, like a sledgehammer of reality for the poor little nippers amongst the rest of the magical Disney-infused offerings. That’s life kids. Get over it.
‘Chemo Hero’ is definitely enormously well-intentioned but, for this writer, widely misses the mark on the boundaries of good taste. It feels harsh to critique a song written for children in recovery from cancer but the relentless, cheery optimism of this track feels so brutally tragic when set against the harsh reality of the struggle those children are going through. Between that and ‘Brave Little Soldier’, shades of this record are a telling and toe-curling extension of good ol’ Uncle Sam at his most chillingly oblivious.
The production is, sadly, just as counterfeit as much of Parton’s idealised America has been throughout the years, and sounds like it was made on a Casio keyboard for the most part. The mind boggles to think how many sublime bedroom records have been made for a fraction of what this probably cost. That aside, there’s plenty for children to like about this album and it’s hard to turn up the nose at the moral message which is at the core of the songs.
Is there a danger of over-intellectualising an album of material written for children? Definitely, and I am completely OK with that, because Parton is a fascinating character who is about as much a product of our time and the unstoppable rollout of American global culture as it’s possible to be, and it seems a timely re-examining of those values and their foundations might be exactly what’s needed in 2017.
- 6Jamie Otsa's ScoreKnown for its stunning glass pavilion enveloped by tropical greenery and with a waterfall, Amara Santuary also boasts a pillarless Grand Ballroom with a 6m-high ceiling and modern furnishings. It doesn't have specific wedding themes but its dedicated team of planners will be able to drum up an elegant setting to suit your wedding style. This will include fresh floral arrangements, aisle decorations and floral table centrepieces, as well as an exquisite 5-tier champagne fountain and special effects for the march-in. Elegant white seat covers for all dining chairs are also included. Check out how this real couple threw their wedding at the Amara Sanctuary Resort Sentosa, here.
Then there's the picturesque Wedding By The Pool package with larkhill Terrace Pool providing an idyllic backdrop for your special day. If you prefer a stylish venue that also oozes a homey ambience, there is the Villa as well as the sprawling Larkhill Mansion
See also: A LAVISH TIFFANY BLUE AND WHITE WEDDING AT AMARA SANCTUARY RESORT
A year in the making, Sheraton Towers Singapore has undergone a multi-million revamp of its Grand Ballroom and function venues.
The hotel’s classically grand function spaces had a tasteful and modern upgrade by world-renowned international interior design firm Hirsch Bedner Associates (HBA) – featuring a sophisticated colour palette of burgundy, purple and grey and a contemporary selection of mod furnishings.
See why it's the perfect venue for your solemnisation too, here.
The Grand Ballroom features soaring ceilings adorned with 27 glistening chandeliers, plush carpeting, colour-changing cove lightings and state-of-the-art audio-visual equipment – all of which will create a spectacular atmosphere for a luxe wedding celebration.
Pan Pacific Singapore recently renovated their grand Pacific Ballroom and introduced these new splendorous themes:
Rose Gold Theme (pictured)
Featuring a cluster of 3 round tables with a majestic floral centrepiece with pink roses and hydrangeas for a romantic garden theme with hues of pink, green and ivory.
White Silver Theme
Elegant long table setting with stunning baby’s breath floral centrepieces in glass cylinder vases.
Burgundy, Navy Blue, Olive Green Theme
An exotic theme featuring a square table setting of red and peach roses, wispy burgundy blooms and amaranthus as floral accents.
See also: UNDER $1,300: 7 HOTEL WEDDING BANQUET PACKAGES TO CHECK OUT NOW
Immerse yourself in the intricate details and embellishments of 'Enchanting Whispers'.
Cascading accents of dove white and ivory in sophisticated floral arrangements make for a breathtaking aisle of ornate elegance while a captivating arch backdrop of blooms sets the stage; beautifully encapsulating the pure clandestine love between you and the love of your life.
Soak in the exceptionally charming setting of a French provincial wedding with the first-ever, L'Occitane inspired wedding theme..
If you’re dreaming of a spring wedding in tropical Singapore, consider Royal Plaza on Scotts’ Balmoral Hall.
The new Spring of Love wedding theme transforms the ballroom into a sea of soft pastel hues, adorned with blooms that add a delicate touch to your special day. Surrounded by tall glass windows, embrace the natural light that illuminates the space and bask in its warm glow.
The high ceiling and pillar-free ballroom seats up to 120 guests, and is the perfect mix of spacious and intimate.
Whether you’d prefer an intimate soiree or an opulent bash, look no further than Royal Plaza on Scotts’ Scotts Suite and Balmoral Hall to create lasting memories of your union with your significant other.
Scotts Suite is a versatile oasis that sits above the bustling city life with a stunning alfresco balcony view overlooking the busy street of Scotts Road.
The full-length glass windows allow for natural light to stream in during the day and city lights from the vibrant streets at night.
The outdoor space features a charming gazebo, set in a thoughtfully designed zen-inspired outdoor garden, which is great for intimate social ceremonies such as weddings, solemnisations and celebrations with close family friends
See 9 OTHER SINGAPORE HOTEL GARDENS FOR BEAUTIFUL OUTDOOR WEDDINGS
Furama RiverFront Singapore offers high-ceiling, marble pillars and amazing 20 feet waterfall view at selected Ballrooms and The Waterfall.
Have sweet memories of your happily ever after from a wide selection of venue spaces and wedding themes that will accentuate the sparkling atmosphere of Venus Grand Ballroom as well as the charming baroque-style Jupiter Ballroom.
Nazi Research
Press release issued: 1 March 2001
UNIVERSITY OF BRISTOL
Hitler provided financial backing for ground-breaking study of smoking and lung cancer
Ground-breaking research on lung cancer and smoking carried out by German scientists Professor Dietrich Eberhard Schairer and Erich Schöniger during the Second World War has been translated into English for the first time. The study is published in the forthcoming International Journal of Epidemiology [Vol 30 No 1, February 26 2001].
Today, virtually everyone is aware that smoking is bad for health and that tobacco is a major cause of lung cancer, but few are aware of the scientific history of how this came to be revealed. Most people think that the discovery was by US and British scientists in the early 1950s.
However Schairer and Schöniger carried out a methodologically sound study and demonstrated a very strong link between smoking and lung cancer. In their study, which was first published in 1943, very few non-smokers developed lung cancer, with the risk being 16 times higher among heavy smokers. The results were virtually identical to those seen in the better known studies carried out by Sir Richard Doll and others after the Second World War.
The work of German war-time scientists was sometimes unavailable outside Germany and their work was often ignored as it was seen as either Nazi propaganda or tainted by the Nazi connection. Nazi Germany was governed by a health-conscious political elite, bent on European conquest and genocidal extermination. The Nazi ideology not only professed 'racial purity' but was also obsessed with the purity of food, water and air.
Tobacco at this time was viewed as one among many 'threats' to the health of the chosen Volk. Nazi anti-tobacco activists were quick to point out that the three Fascist leaders of Europe - Hitler, Mussolini and Franco - did not smoke, but that the three prominent Allied leaders - Churchill, Roosevelt and Stalin - did. Hitler was an avid anti-smoker, and contributed the major funding to the institute where the research was carried out.
The translation of the original paper is accompanied by commentaries which consider the historical context and legacy of the paper. In one of these Robert Proctor remarks: 'Today Germans present the history of tobacco and cancer research as if it were entirely an Anglo-American affair, ignoring local contributions. The fear may be that by acknowledging such work they would be accepting Nazi ideals or policy.'
Professor George Davey Smith, editor of the International Journal of Epidemiology, said: 'The abhorrent legacy of the Nazis, and especially the memory of the medical experiments of Mengele and his collaborators, means that we have overlooked any positive scientific contributions from this era, and this is one such example. An historical view of the development of science leads to many intriguing insights.
.'
Updated: Thursday, 01-Mar-2001 17:38:25 GMT 17, 2016
DR. ARCHIE EARL, et al., Plaintiffs,v.NORFOLK STATE UNIVERSITY, et al., Defendants.
OPINION AND ORDER
MARK S. DAVIS UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE
This matter is before the Court on a motion for summary judgment filed collectively by Norfolk State University ("NSU"), Dr. Tony Atwater-former President of NSU, the Board of Visitors of Norfolk State University, and the Commonwealth of Virginia (collectively, "Defendants"). ECF Nos. 75, 76. Counsel for lead Plaintiff, Dr. Archie Earl ("Dr. Earl"), who also represents the six additional named plaintiffs in this case (collectively, "Plaintiffs"), filed a joint response opposing summary judgment. ECF No. 85. Defendants thereafter filed a timely reply brief.[1] ECF No. 86.
I. FACTUAL AND PROCEDURAL HISTORY
The factual and procedural history of the instant action are well-documented, and the Court incorporates herein the background set forth in prior Orders in this case. ECF Nos. 21, 33, and 42. In sum, lead plaintiff Dr. Earl, a long-time associate professor at NSU, filed the instant action asserting that Earl and other male professors were discriminated against based on their race, sex, and age. Earl further alleged retaliation against him based on his efforts to lead the fight against salary inequities at NSU. Pursuant to this Court's Opinion and Order dated June 26, 2014, the only claim in Plaintiffs' second amended complaint that survived the Defendants' motion to dismiss was the Equal Pay Act ("EPA") claim, alleging that Earl, and other male professors, were paid unequal wages for performing substantially the same jobs, under similar working conditions, as female professors. ECF No. 33.
The Court thereafter granted, in part, Dr. Earl's motion for conditional class certification, ECF No. 42, and ten additional male plaintiff professors opted into the class. ECF Nos. 57, 59. Pursuant to a consent order of dismissal dated February 5, 2016, three named plaintiffs were dismissed from the action. ECF No. 70. A second consent order of dismissal was granted approximately one week later, and an additional named plaintiff was dismissed. ECF No. 71. The remaining seven plaintiff professors are part of four different departments at NSU: (1) the Mathematics Department-Dr. Archie Earl, Dr. Boyd Coan and Dr. Curtiss Wall; (2) the Technology Department-Dr. Walter T. Golembiewski and Dr. Chijioke Akamiro; (3) the Political Science Department-Dr. Aberra Meshesha; and (4) the Sociology Department-Dr. William Agyei.
Defendants' summary judgment motion seeks judgment as to the claims of all seven remaining Plaintiffs. Defendants assert that each Plaintiff's claim fails either because: (1) such Plaintiff does not set forth a prima facie case as he fails to identify a valid female "comparator" that is being paid more for performing work that is "substantially equal in skill, effort, and responsibility under similar working conditions"; or (2) "even if a prima facie case were established, [Defendants] sufficiently demonstrated that the salary differential was justified by gender-neutral factors, " Strag v. Bd. of Trustees, Craven Cmty. Coll., 55 F.3d 943, 948, 950 (4th Cir. 1995). Consistent with this Court's prior ruling, ECF No. 42, at 20, the relevant "comparator" analysis is addressed herein on a department by department basis because "different departments in universities require distinctive skills, " and such fact generally forecloses "any definitive comparison for purposes of the Equal Pay Act, " Strag, 55 F.3d at 950.
II. STANDARD OF REVIEW
The Federal Rules of Civil Procedure provide that a district court "shall grant summary judgment if  "material" if it "might affect the outcome of the suit, " and a dispute is "genuine" if "the evidence is such that a reasonable jury could return a verdict for the nonmoving party." Id. at 248. A party opposing a summary judgment motion )).
Rule 56(c) addresses the applicable procedure for pursuing, and defending against, summary judgment, explaining as follows:
) ).
Although the initial burden on summary judgment obviously falls on the moving party, once a movant advances evidence supporting summary judgment,, 323-24 (1986); Butler v. Drive Auto. Indus, of Am., Inc., 793 F.3d 404, 408 (4th Cir. 2015) . In other words, while the movant must carry the burden to show the absence of a genuine issue of material fact, when such burden is met, it is up to the non-movant to establish the existence of such an issue. Celotex, 477 U.S. at 322-23. At that point, "the judge's function is not himself to weigh the evidence and determine the truth of the matter but to determine whether there is a genuine issue for trial." Anderson, 477 U.S. at 249. In doing so, the judge must construe the facts and all "justifiable inferences" in the light most favorable to the non-moving party, and the judge may not make credibility determinations. Id. at 255; Reyazuddin v. Montgomery Cty., 789 F.3d 407, 413 (4th Cir. 2015).
In addition to the above, this Court's Local Rules include a rule devoted to summary judgment practice, which includes a provision requiring the moving party to set forthwa specifically captioned section listing all material facts as to which the moving party contends there is no genuine issue, " as well as citations to the record to support such facts. E.D. Va. Loc. Civ. R. 56(B). The local rule further provides that a responsive brief should include a similar "specifically captioned section listing all material facts as to which it is contended that there exists a genuine issue, " as well as citations to the record. Id. The local rule expressly permits the Court to assume the truth of any facts identified by the moving party as undisputed that are not expressly controverted by the opposing party. Id.
III. DISCUSSION
Defendants have presented a summary judgment brief supported by citations to the evidentiary record including depositions, affidavits, and internal NSU business records. Plaintiffs oppose summary judgment as to four of the seven remaining Plaintiffs, but somewhat surprisingly, after complete discovery in a case that has been pending for multiple years, Plaintiffs' opposition includes no clear statement of disputed facts and very limited evidence. For the reasons discussed below, summary judgment is GRANTED in favor of Defendants as to the claims advanced by Plaintiffs Dr. Wall (Mathematics), Dr. Golembiewski and Dr. Akamiro (Technology), and Dr. Meshesha (Political Science). As to the remaining Plaintiffs, Dr. Earl and Dr. Coan (Mathemtatics), and Dr. Agyei (Sociology), viewing the evidence in a light most favorable to Plaintiffs, summary judgment is DENIED. While Defendants may have a meritorious argument either at the prima facie stage and/or the affirmative defense stage as to one or more of these three remaining Plaintiffs, based on the current record, such matters are issues properly left to the factfinder.
A. Equal Pay Act Standard
The Equal Pay Act) (first emphasis added). Interpreting and applying such statute, our court of appeals-the Fourth Circuit-has held:
[I]n order to establish a prima facie case under the Equal Pay Act, the plaintiff bears the burden of showing that []he (1) receives lower pay than a [fe]male co-employee (2) for performing work substantially equal in skill, effort, and responsibility under similar working conditions. The comparison must be made "factor by factor with the [fe]male comparator." Houck v. Virginia Polytechnic Institute, 10 F.3d 204, 206 {4th Cir. 1993). Additionally, the plaintiff must identify a particular [fe]male "comparator" for purposes of the inquiry, and may not compare h[im]self to a hypothetical or "composite" [fe]male. Id.
Strag, 55 F.3d at 948. If a plaintiff is successful in demonstrating a prima facie case, the burden shifts to his employer "to prove by a preponderance of evidence, that the pay differential is justified by the existence of one of the four statutory exceptions set forth in § 206(d)(1): (1) a seniority system, (2) a merit system, (3) a system that measures earnings by quantity or quality of production, or (4) a differential based on any factor other than sex." Id. (citing Houck, 10 F.3d at 207). If the employer satisfies such burden, the plaintiff's claim fails "unless the plaintiff can satisfactorily rebut the defendant's evidence." Id.
While such burden shifting scheme is in some ways similar to that applicable to Title VII discrimination claims, it differs in an important respect. Notably, for an EPA claim, a prima facie case operates to shift "[t]he burden of production and persuasion ... to the defendant 'to show, by a preponderance of the evidence, that the wage differential resulted from one of the allowable causes enumerated by the statute." Brinkley-Obu v. Hughes Training, Inc., 36 F.3d 336, 344 (4th Cir. 1994) (quoting Fowler v. Land Management Groupe, 978 F.2d 158, 161 (4th Cir. 1992)); see King v. Acosta Sales & Mktg., Inc., 678 F.3d 470, 474 (7th Cir. 2012) (citing Corning Glass Works v. Brennan, 417 U.S. 188, 204, (1974)). In contrast, for a Title VII claim, a prima facie case serves to shift only the burden of production to the defendant to advance a non-discriminatory justification for its acts, with "the burden of persuasion remain[ing] on the plaintiff to demonstrate that the proffered explanation is pretextual and that the defendant was actually motivated by discriminatory intent."[2]Brinkley-Obu, 36 F.3d at 344 (citation omitted). While the burden that is shifted to Defendants in an EPA case is proof by "a preponderance of the evidence, " likely because such burden is one of persuasion and not just production, it has been described by the Fourth Circuit as a "heavy" burden. Brewster v. Barnes, 788 F.2d 985, 992 (4th Cir. 1986); cf. Steger v. Gen. Elec. Co., 318 F.3d 1066, 1078 (11th Cir. 2003) ("The burden to prove these affirmative defenses is heavy and must demonstrate that the factor of sex provided no basis for the wage differential.") (internal quotation marks and citation omitted). In order to carry such burden on summary judgment, a defendant must present sufficient evidence such that "the court can conclude that had the same evidence been presented and remained uncontested at trial, [the defendant] would be entitled to a directed verdict. Brinkley v. Harbour Recreation Club, 180 F.3d 598, 614 (4th Cir. 1999) (overruled on other grounds). As indicated above, if such burden is carried, the plaintiff, of course, has the opportunity to rebut the defendant's evidence. Strag, 55 F.3d at 94 8.
B. Analysis - Technology Department
Plaintiffs Dr. Golembiewski and Dr. Akamiro both assert that they suffered salary discrimination under the Equal Pay Act and point to Dr. Eleanor Hoy as the only female "comparator" who was working in their department and paid a greater salary. Defendants' summary judgment motion asserts that Dr. Hoy does not perform substantially equal duties with substantially equal responsibilities as compared to Drs. Golembiewski and Akamiro because, unlike Plaintiffs, she is not a full-time professor at NSU. Rather, prior to 2011, Dr. Hoy was only a part time adjunct professor, and although she was appointed to a full-time position in 2011, it was not a full-time professorship, but was instead an administrative position as "Special Assistant to the Dean" and "Director of Retention" within the College of Science, Engineering and Technology. Dr. Hoy's salary was later increased when she was elevated to the university-wide administrative position of "Retention Czar." Defendants support such factualFor a new purchased iPad 2 notebook, we need to match it with a nice case more than the original Apple Smart Cover. The case should be slim for easy carrying, nice-looking,capable of standing to hold you iPad 2 for vewing purpose and full protection. This crocodile style folio case can satisfy all just mentioned needs and that is why we strongly recommend.
It features:
Brilliant crocodile patent synthetic leather suface
Side book style folio design with a flip flap insertioin closure
Inner firm frosted super smooth plastic bracket device holder which fix your iPad 2 pc tightly
Allow access to all ports and controls including camera,speaker and 3g sim card tray cut out
Fully protect your iPad 2 against scratching,scraping and dust
Net Weight:299g
Product Category:Working title
Jenni Diski retails an anecdote in the latest London Review of Books:Jenni Diski retails an anecdote in the latest London Review of Books:.
"What’s your job?"
"‘I'm a writer."
"Why are you here?"
I showed her my letter from the festival. She glanced at it.
"What are you doing at this here festival?"
"I.
"Oh yeah? You just said you were a writer! Now you tell me you're reading." She drew out the last word in proper third-degree style. "So which is it, huh?"
This reminds me of a not dissimilar conversation I once had with a police officer who found me hitch-hiking, or trying to, on a slip road near Northampton about fifteen years ago.
"What do you do?" he asked, having ascertained my name and address and attempting to complete the set by adding my occupation to his collection. I could see no good reason why he should need to know this, so being young and stupid I thought I would essay some dumb insolence.
"I'm a civil servant", I replied, as unspecific as possible.
"But where do you work?" he tried.
"In the civil service", I responded, no more helpful than before.
He gave it another go, trying to leave me less room for evasion: "But where do you work?"
"In the civil service."
I thought this was quite amusing at the time. Diski might have agreed, appearing as she does to share my taste for insolence to officialdom. She raised her arms in surrender and confessed all to the immigration officer:
"Officer, you got me. You’d better send me back to the UK. Deport me. I want to go home."
She got let into the country and proceeded to her festival. I was less lucky. I got fined thirty quid for hitching from a slip road.
14 Comments:
"Hitching from a slip road" sounds like knitting jargon, so you probably deserved what you got.
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.
My official job title is 'Vaultkeeper'.
"What keeper?"
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.
Not only that, but your IP address is being traced.
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.
Wow - seven comments deleted. Now I'm all curious...
short but perfectly square woman
shouldn't that be short and perfectly square?
perhaps some kind of post compiling all these deleted messages for public oversight would be in order.
No, it wouldn't.
sure it would: I mean, short women are surely more likely to be perfectly square, be being a normal width but an abnormal height.
What has happened to her head and feet if she is perfectly square?
What she lacks in height must surely be gained in width for her to resemble a square.Hi there!
Today I am playing along with
I love this Boy!!!
I love it more when he wants to scrap with me!!!
He wrote "GRADE"and 2014
(his 4 is backwards = I treasure it MORE!!!)
I never correct his work ( I figure he's only 5 with teachers and everyone else
down his throat to do things "properly" I can relax LoL!)
He is actually holding this cardstock (folded) in the photograph
- you can still see the seam!!
I had this foam title which is perfect (he loves school and I know this will change one day)
I bordered my 12 x 12 with Bistro Chalk Markers (red)
Look at his penmanship - PERFECT-O!!
A silhouette cut file (doubled with foam dots) and bakers twine
(in place of the ribbon in the sketch)
I splattered Mister Huey's Mist
and edged the photo with yellow acrylic paint.
I had a messy, fun time with this layout.
My son is very pleased with it as well!
Here is the Layout Sketch:
Hop over and take a peek, you have until midnight EST,
September 30th to play along.
Thank you for stopping by and let me know you were here
~ Danie ~
xo
This really rocks! Nice work Danie. It's such a bright and happy layout.Charitable Organizations
Charities come with their own distinct management challenges, from difficulties related to funding to maintaining board governance and a positive relationship with the audit committee. A growing amount of pressure has been placed upon charities due to decreasing public support and a decline in private donations, coupled with an increase in regulatory and transparency demands. You require experienced advisers that do more than look at the financials; you need a partner who understands your unique needs and how to accomplish your mission.
It is a competitive atmosphere for organizations, and there must be a balance between discovering sources of funding while maintaining transparency and adhering to regulations. We have a depth of experience with national, regional, special-purpose, community and international charities, providing specialized advice to protect your interests and reputation while increasing transparency and uncovering prosperous opportunities. We can help manage and enhance your revenue sources through building an endowment, expanding your donor base and securing foundation or corporate funding.
Most Popular Insights
CASE STUDY
Nonprofit improves employee productivity with CRM implementation
A not-for-profit membership organization was seeking a solution to replace their grant software system and other various systems they used to manage donations and member and donor data.
Muse Newsletter
A bi-monthly publication dedicated to providing ideas and education to tax exempt organizations.
RSM MarketPrism
Provides organizations with valuable benchmarking information on a real-time basis. Boolean Search Query (Boolean Search Query), and (boolean search query) tapping on the verse number). It includes a bookmark system; bookmarks can be assigned to categories, and can be highlighted with different colors. Text notes can be added and associated with verses or bookmarks. Two different documents can be displayed simultaneously in parallel windows, which are then kept in sync (these documents can be different translations or comments). [4] It can also perform dictionary lookup on a double tap of a word, using the Plucker Plugin Interface (PPI) to other programs.[5] Other features include built-in support for Hebrew and Greek fonts, “snapshots” to store search and navigation settings, auto-scrolling, [3] support for display “skins” and plug-ins [6] and text rotation.
A vast number of Bible translations and comments are available for Palm Bible Plus. English translations available include the traditional King James Version (KJV) and the modern well-respected translation Standard Version (ESV). Many other versions in many other languages, including the original Greek , Hebrew , and Aramaic text, are available. The program allows two views to be seen at the same time, allowing someone to see two different translations, a translation and the original, [4] or some text and a commentary at the same time.
Although viewed as a very good reader, it is worth noting that some of the comments are made by the authors , [7] reviewers noted some weak points: slow searching, no support for copyrighted Bible versions, [3] lack of advanced export / import functions or limited color customization of text . [6] Ability to run on a larger scale of Palm devices also leads to more complex installation processes. [7]
Palm Bible Plus Bible files in PDB format can be read in Symbian OS platform using Symbianbible application (free software / open source). The PDB file reader engine for Symbianbible was ported from Palm Bible Plus. [8]
References
- Jump up^ “Palm Bible Reader” . 2001-08-21. Archived from the original on 2001-08-22 . Retrieved 2017-07-29 .
- Jump up^ Eisenhammerová, Tereza (2002-05-02). “BibleReader pro Palm” . palmare.cz (in Czech) . Retrieved 2017-07-29 .
- ^ Jump up to:a b c Tanker Bob (November 2003). “Palm OS Scripture (Bible) Program Review: Bible With You, Bible +, Bible Reader +, BibleThumper, MyBible” . mobilereview.com . Retrieved 2017-07-29 .
- ^ Jump up to:a b Badel (2005-05-16). Kniha knih ve skvelem provedení a zdarma! (2. část) ” . palmhelp.cz (in Czech) . Retrieved 2017-07-29 .
- Jump up^ Badel (2005-05-17). Kniha knih ve skvelem provedení a zdarma! (3. část) ” . palmhelp.cz (in Czech) . Retrieved 2017-07-29 .
- ^ Jump up to:a b Badel (2005-05-18). Kniha knih ve skvelem provedení a zdarma! (4. část) ” . palmhelp.cz (in Czech) . Retrieved 2017-07-29 .
- ^ Jump up to:a b Badel (2005-05-04). Kniha knih ve skvelem provedení a zdarma! (1. část) ” . palmhelp.cz (in Czech) . Retrieved 2017-07-29 .
- Jump up^ “symbianbible” . heise.de (in German). 2013-02-26 . Retrieved 2017-07-29 .You Don't Want To Make A Mistake That Can Haunt You For Years
Watch This Before You File Bankruptcy
Free Bankruptcy Alternatives Quote
Call 888-339-3144
When it comes to people who have to deal with rising financial debt, bankruptcy may appear to be a viable option. Nobody ever wants to file for consumer bankruptcy. Then again, no one ever hopes to struggle with consumer debt. And, a situation which is increasingly widespread is a level of out of hand financial debt that requires a remedy; and quite often consumer bankruptcy is this solution. When it comes to the advantages and disadvantages, one of the more critical ones, aside from the consequences, might be the complexity of the process; yet none of these things can prevent the hundreds of people that file each year in the USA.
Don't committ to this without learning the specifics, such as pros, cons, and the many alternative choices. This information has been prepared with details and tips from seasoned professionals regarding advantages and disadvantages of consumer bankruptcy proceedings so as to help you make this challenging call. You'll also find many different consumer bankruptcy alternate options within Iota, Louisiana to consider, and these also will be covered.
Bankruptcy in Iota, Louisiana: A Succinct Description
Personal bankruptcy is a thing that is rather hard to define with one sentence. Unpaid debt has an effect on individuals and companies likewise, so there's bankruptcy proceeding strategies for each. In these 2 broad groups, the USA Bankruptcy Code details a number of forms of bankruptcy declaration. When it comes to bankruptcy, most folks are going to work with Chapter 7 or Chapter 13.
The principle concept of bankruptcy is to eliminate almost all consumer debt and decrease what can not be eliminated in order to let the client to begin again with a strategy. It is normally a time consuming process during which a consumer bankruptcy judge takes accounts of your record from each of your debt collectors. To be able to look into your options carefully and make a well informed choice, you'll want to find out about these opportunities.
Consumer Bankruptcy Essentials: Chapter 7
The very first thing you will have to know about Chapter 7 is the lingo. Words which are useful to refer to Chapter 7 include "straight bankruptcy" and "liquidation." It is nobody's 1st option for personal debt elimination given that it commonly leads to the forfeiture of personal property.
Still, when you're in desperate circumstances, you may be ready to take critical measures to get certain financial obligations forgiven (e.g. health care debt, legal judgments against you, credit card bills, and so on.). The financial obligations that are not likely to be sorted out are associated with assets. Thus, your car loans and school loans are not disturbed. To work out these financial obligations, your consumer bankruptcy judge could approve the seizure of the properties and assets they're attached to.
Ultimately, going through the challenging process of filing Chapter 7 and having all the financial deficiencies discussed and addressed, the process is over and you will move on with life. You can still expect to experience the unwanted side effects of consumer bankruptcy for some time after you have finished the process.
Fundamental Points to Consider
Chapter 7 liquidation has got a few primary strengths. Number one naturally is the fact that liquidation will involve significantly reducing financial debt, eliminating most of it. When you liquidate, almost all of the unsecured debts will be forgiven. Through surrendering the properties and assets to which they are attached, you will also place your secured financial obligations behind you.
There are certain properties and assets which might be regarded as 'necessary' and thus permitted as 'property exemptions.' Though Chapter 7 Iota, Louisiana bankruptcy filing has a great many disadvantages, this process wasn't made to turn those people who are struggling with debt into penniless homeless people with nowhere to go to and no method to go there. A few exemptions might include some of your residence, one vehicle, your retirement funds and some money. Some states will allow much more exemptions than some others and your alternatives will be layed out with you before you file.
You may even take the option of maintaining a number of your secured obligations (for example, car and mortgage). In exchange, you'll be able to maintain the pertinent property.
Straight bankruptcy can be your way to a fresh financial start. This reconstruction program, though, takes many years and can entail remarkable compromise.
Indeed, liquidation includes several primary downsides. You will probably forfeit practically everything to Chapter 7. Outside of your exemptions, you are likely to surrender real estate, valuables and savings funds.
Additionally, some of obligations aren't going to be forgiven. Education loans and real estate property tax expenses will still be there, along with spousal and child support. It's also essential to observe that it's going to be on your credit for a decade. This can substantially affect your ability to acquire consumer credit, obtain a place to live or acquire acceptable work.
Bankruptcy proceedings are public data, which is something crucial to take into account. Whenever you file consumer bankruptcy , your whole predicament which includes details and personal information will likely be accessible to anybody. Business employers, creditors and others can observe it.
A review of Chapter 13
The very first thing you will have to learn about Chapter 13 is, likewise, the terminology. A word which is used to refer to Chapter 13 is reorganization. There's a lot of things which will make reorganization feel like a better choice than liquidation; yet there are various ways it measures up significantly less beneficially.
Unlike straight bankruptcy, reorganization will not involve the forgiveness of unsecured obligations like unpaid credit card debt and medical debts. Alternatively, it gives you the alternative of actually repaying the obligations through a restructured payment framework.
This demands the supervision of a bankruptcy judge and the agreement of your creditors. A Iota, Louisiana consumer bankruptcy case typically gains advantage from talks with collectors concerning the duration of repayment , interest rates, principal amount and assured on time installments. You'll generally be able to address your secured debt singularly without having to worry about losing property with this approach. The consumer bankruptcy will require less than six years to finish and is going to formally commence at some time within 45 days of judge consent.
Essential Chapter 13 Reorganization Concerns
The great thing about this option is that it's going to stop you from surrendering many properties and assets. Some people only need a little bit of time to get back on top of things, and that is what Chapter 13 reorganization exists for. Chapter 13 consumer bankruptcy provides people the option of repaying their debt at a reduced cost rather than abandoning it altogether.
Even so, reorganization is not the best solution either. Much like Chapter 7, Chapter 13 is common public record and can significantly harm your credit rating. A further disadvantage (even though it compares well with Chapter 7 liquidation) is that Chapter 13 consumer bankruptcy will remain on the credit profile for seven years, interfering with your capacity to acquire lending products and credit.
Seeking Other Options? Research Home Refinancing
If you would like consider re-financing your own home, you need to think about the HARP refinance program (Home Affordable Refinance Program). This makes it possible for many folks to re-finance their house loans with reduced monthly installments and more affordable interest rates. This will liberate some cash to help you more effectively pay your bills to avoid having to think of bankruptcy proceedings after all.
Your property equity can be used for consolidation loans, although this most likely is not the most appropriate option for your situation.
What Debt Consolidation Can Do to Help You
For anyone who is considering consolidation as a bankruptcy substitute, there's a number of things you have to understand. Credit cards and other kinds of consumer debt can be repaid with one consolidation loan. Timely repayments can be sent to the consolidation loan company from that point forward.
Still, there are a number of small details that you will need to bear in mind prior to jumping at what looks like a great solution. You don't want to miss a payment because you might be instantly considered in default. Naturally, that can have ruinous impacts on your credit.
Maybe most importantly, debt consolidation isn't available to everybody. Debt consolidation is usually not an option for anyone who doesn't have very good credit scores. In general, with credit ratings beneath 620, it's not possible to even get this kind of loan; yet if you do, you likely will regret the overwhelming amount of money committed to high interest charges.
Is Debt Negotiation Services the Answer for Iota, Louisiana Citizens?
For the majority of men and women who don't have good credit who are seeking Iota, Louisiana bankruptcy alternate options, debt negotiation is the key. Contrary to consumer bankruptcy proceedings, consumer debt negotiation services are not ever an issue of public data. Your current credit ratings are going to be influenced, yet zero future business employers or property owners are able to see the process on your background report.
In a way, consumer debt negotiation services are similar to Chapter 13 / reorganization: It can reduce the amount which you are obligated to repay on unsecured obligations such as credit card debt, some judgments, healthcare debt and a lot more.
It takes only 2-4 years to proceed through the strategy and it won't be stuck to your credit rating for up to a decade, either. Additionally you do not need to concern yourself with making multiple monthly payments to the creditors: The consumer debt negotiation approach consolidates debt into a fairly easy-to-maintain monthly installment that you have total control over.
One Call Can Help You to Make a Good Choice
Are you currently suffocating in financial debt and in need of answers? Don't speed into the consumer bankruptcy approach before considering the other options that we've outlined here. At this stage, you're likewise almost certainly aware that you have to learn more to make a knowledgeable call. This is the reason we've noted and outlined the various bankruptcy alternatives, which include debt negotiation services, for your benefit. You may want to fill out the no-commitment contact webform to obtain professional advice about your debt situation. You may also connect with (855)375-6700 to communicate with a consumer debt negotiation service professional.Song Debut: Tarja, “Medusa”
Posted by Bram Teitelman on September 9, 2013
When Tarja Turunen very publicly parted ways with Nightwish back in 2005, many wondered how she would carry on without the symphonic metal band. Since then, she’s not only carried on with her solo career, but flourished. On September 24th, her fourth solo album, Colours in the Dark, will be released in America. It continues the […]We are delighted to welcome Carrigaline United AFC as our premier schoolboy sponsor
Johnson & Perrott Douglas are delighted to bring you the latest 181 Kia offer…just in time for Christmas. Simply place a €500 deposit on a new 181 Kia before Dec 22nd 2017 and we will return it to you in a €500 SuperValu voucher.
Introducing the all-new 2018 Jaguar E-PACE, Jaguar's first compact SUV - Combining "looks, agility and dynamic driving"..Ford Explorer 4.9 1997 November 19, 2016 admin FORD 0 City fuel economy 23.5 Highway fuel economy 17 Mixed mode fuel economy 17.9 Fuel tank volume 79 Fuel distance from 340 Fuel distance to 460 Recommended fuel AI-92 Ecological standard Full speed 195 Time for acceleration to 100 km/h 9.1 Engine volume 4942 Engine power 210 Turnovers max power of no data Maximum power rotations 4500 Maximum torque 380 Turnovers max torque of no data Maximum torque rotations 3500 Engine type Gasoline Engine configuration V-type Injection type Multipoint injection Availability of intercooler no data Number of cylinders 8 Number of valves per cylinder 2 Cylinder diameter 101.6 Piston stroke 76.2 Transmission Automatic, 4-speed Wheel drive Rear Seats 5 Length 4788 Width 1783 Height 1697 Wheelbase 2832 Front track 1494 Rear track 1486 Ground clearance 200 Curb weight 1951 Admissible gross weight 2558 Payload 607 Trunk volume 1232 cargo_volume_to 2294 Weight on front axle no data Weight on back axle no data Front suspension Independent, Torsion, Double wishbone, Stabilizer bar Rear suspension Dependent, Bridge, Spring Front brakes Disc ventilated Rear brakes DiscMax Whitlock flies high to beat Adam Peaty's push-up record: 'It would be good to see if anyone can go higher'
- Gymnast Max Whitlock beat swimmer Adam Peaty's push-up record
- Peaty's push-up involves launching himself into the air with a clap in mid-flight
- Whitlock went a full 70cm in the air and attempted it with a clap behind his back
After Adam Peaty’s superhuman push-up comes ‘The Maxi’... and a challenge to the rest of Britain’s sporting community.
‘It would be great to see if anyone reading this can go higher,’ laughed Max Whitlock, the double Olympic champion gymnast who might just have raised the bar on absurd acts of human flight.
He had spent a chunk of his morning at his gym in Basildon watching a video of Peaty’s trademark push-up routine, in which the magnificent 100metres breaststroke Olympic gold medallist launches himself high into the air with a clap in mid-flight.
Max Whitlock spent a chunk of his morning watching a video of Adam Peaty’s trademark move
The gymnast's push-up launched him a full 70cm up into the air, beating Peaty's push-up effort
Swimmer Peaty's push-up routine is to launch himself in the air with a clap in mid-flight
From viewing that, Whitlock attempted to reproduce it with the added complication of a clap behind his back.
‘You get extra marks for difficulty in gymnastics,’ he said.
His push-up launched him a full 70cm up into the air, with Andy Hooper’s wonderful photograph capturing the geometric precision of a 62kg (9½ stone) Olympic champion gymnast in flight.
Whitlock attempted to reproduce it with the added complication of a clap behind his back
‘It would be great to see if anyone reading this can go higher,’ laughed Max Whitlock
Whitlock said: ‘I had seen Peaty’s push-up and just thought it was brilliant, a brilliant challenge'
‘I had seen Peaty’s push-up and just thought it was brilliant, and a brilliant challenge,’ Whitlock said. ‘I had never tried it before and I didn’t know if I would be able to do it to be honest.
‘I was expecting to land on my face and end up covered in grazes when I tried to do the clap behind my back. So all things considered, it went very well. I managed about 70cm. Adam’s looks high and he will probably go and double mine now but it would be a good challenge to see if he could.
‘I have got to know him through Sports Personality of the Year and he is a really decent guy. He is doing amazingly, so I wouldn’t put it past him.’
Whitlock knows Peaty from Sports Personality of the Year and said 'he is a really decent guy'
Whitlock won the 2017 world gold medal in the pommel horse to add to his Olympic medals
Just as Peaty’s stock has risen this year with two more swimming world titles and another European gold, Whitlock continues to soar.
The 24-year-old added the 2017 world gold medal in the pommel horse to the floor and pommel golds he won at the Rio Olympics the year before. With three other Olympic medals and golds across world, European and Commonwealth level, he is one of Britain’s finest sportsmen.
There will be a three-pronged assault on 2018, with the Commonwealth Games on Australia’s Gold Coast followed by European and world championships.
‘The Commonwealth Games are going to be massive,’ he said. ‘I upgraded the difficulty of my routine for the recent world championships and I am upgrading for the Commonwealth Games again.
‘Keep pushing, keep seeing what you can do. It should put me in position to come back with something good.’
Whitlock will compete at the Commonwealth Games on Australia’s Gold Coast next.“?”
If you respond by mentioning films like the operatic period drama The Immigrant or the cerebral, abstracted sci-fi of Under The Skin or the warm teenage Swedish punk-rock coming-of-age story We Are the Best! you are met by pretty quizzical stares, as if you somehow misheard the question. Because the underlying subject of these questions is which of the year-end prestige releases, with all their signifiers of quality and waves of hype pulled along by the tides of awards season, should be “in the conversation” right now.
Among the many anomalies that make the 12-years-in-the-making Boyhood such a genuinely unique object is that it is a movie released in July that many people still seem interested in talking about now that it’s November.
Maybe it’s obvious to say so, but the movie year is, just like a regular one, 12 months long. There’s no need to truncate what gets remembered and celebrated and just plain seen because of the sometimes-arbitrary realities of release dates.
Would James Gray’s The Immigrant — with powerful performances by Marion Cotillard, Joaquin Phoenix and Jeremy Renner, set in New York City in 1920s — be more in the conversation (or have done better business) if it were released in the second half of the year and not the first? The movie is the movie regardless — and it’s great.
And all of this is not even to make the case that any of these films from earlier this year are necessarily the best of 2014 — seriously, I for one cannot get my brain around year-end best-of lists just yet. But they certainly deserve to be remembered or at the very least not forgotten. Anyone who says this has been a weak year or that there isn’t anything exciting happening in cinema right now has simply been watching the wrong movies.
The dynamic performances by Tessa Thompson and Teyonah Parris in Dear White People will likely send one rushing to look up their credits online, only to discover they each have a long list of previous credits. You have likely seen them both before but never taken notice of them in quite this way. Both Jenny Slate in Obvious Child and Gugu Mbatha-Raw in Belle turned in exhilarating performances that jumped off the screen in roles they were seemingly born to play.
Emily Blunt similarly grabbed a movie with both hands and made it all her own with her performance in Edge of Tomorrow, apparently retitled with its advertising tagline “Live Die Repeat” for post-theatrical platforms. It seems odd to talk about a big-budget sci-fi Tom Cruise movie as underseen, but that’s apparently the world we live in now.
Listen Up Philip is an examination of ego and ambition in a young male writer played by Jason Schwartzman, yet the story also pays close attention to the emotional life of his girlfriend, played by Elisabeth Moss. (Who was also great this year in the inside-out relationship comedy The One I Love, a subset of the subset of underappreciated movies.) In what is simply one of the year’s finest moments of screen acting, the camera in “Philip” holds on Moss after a breakup and the cascading series of emotions silently moving across her face, from wounded defeat to hopeful elation, is a marvel to witness and not to be missed.
Perhaps not surprisingly, the grand dame/patron saint of the overlooked/not-to-be-missed movie this year is Tilda Swinton, who appeared in Snowpiercer, The Grand Budapest Hotel and Only Lovers Left Alive. All three roles, respectively as a dystopian political functionary, a willful, bawdy dowager, and a bohemian vampire, are playful and witty and reveal themselves to have emotional depths that might not be apparent on first glance.
For myself, my mind often turns back to Philippe Garrel’s Jealousy, an intimate drama about a couple starring Anna Mouglalis and the filmmaker’s son, Louis Garrel. The film is haunting, a spare black-and-white elegy for the naivete of early romance and the difficult realities of making it work. Like the works of Antonioni, I find that Philippe Garrel is a filmmaker I am maturing into, his films revealing their layers to me over time.
And then of course there is the year’s most inspiring film, the documentary Jodorowsky’s Dune, about how the failure of cult filmmaker Alejandro Jodorowsky to realize his Hollywood adaptation of Frank Herbert’s sci-fi novel Dune in the 1970s was in fact no failure at all but rather another a path to a different kind of success. While interviewing the 85-year-old Jodorowsky this year, he gave me a Tarot reading over the phone from Paris, a personal and professional highlight. Do I remember the movie more fondly because of that? Perhaps? Does it really matter? Perhaps not.
Once you start looking, the overlooked start revealing themselves, like woodland creatures emerging from their natural camouflage. There’s the wild Indonesian action film-slash-crime-drama The Raid 2, or the pair of performances by Jesse Eisenberg in Night Moves and The Double, each unnerving in a different way. Then there is the quiet, crystalline beauty and dry humor of Pawel Palikowski’s Ida.
Cold In July is a crime thriller so unassuming in its low-key pleasures that I keep needing to remind myself about it and then wonder how I could forget a movie smart enough to pair Sam Shepard and Don Johnson. And, of course, leering in the corner like some creepy random at a party is Lars von Trier’s Nymphomaniac in all its various volumes. It’s a movie that’s either brilliant or dumb, most likely thrillingly both.
Many of these forget-me-not films are already available on home video and video-on-demand platforms, so it’s possible to see them now even if you missed them earlier in the year. It’s a frequent saying — or at least something I find myself saying to myself a lot — that there are too many movies. But the unspoken modifier is that there are too many good movies, and so it is always easy to feel that you’ve fallen behind.
I’m sure I’m overlooking something myself here too, but don’t you make the same mistake.
So, yes, let this be a plea and a reminder to fellow critics, journalists, compilers of lists, awards voters of all stripes and just anyone who watches movies to look past the current corridor of prestige releases and remember one simple idea: The year is 12 months long.
———
©2014 Los Angeles Times
Visit the Los Angeles Times at
Distributed by MCT Information ServicesThe controversy over the Waterloo School District's revised Standardized Dress Code policy went back before a judge Monday in Des Moines. At issue - simply whether the new proscriptive policy is legal.
Administrative Law Judge Carol Greta listened to nearly 8 hours of testimony from school district leaders, board members, principals, and even a Waterloo Police officer. The district wanted to make the case that the Standardized Dress Code is not only legal -- the policy is necessary for student safety. Much of the witness testimony focused on gang activity in Waterloo schools and how a dress code prevents gang members from showing their affiliation.
"It was clear that we really hadn't presented enough evidence to show that, like other communities all across our country, not just in our community, schools have issues with gangs," said Sharon Miller. "We wanted to show too, what the colors mean to gangs, what plaids mean."
Parents Rick and Teesha Peters spent minutes arguing their side. They say, the new dress code is essentially the same as the one ruled illegal by the Iowa Board of Education earlier this year.
"State law seemed to say, in our opinion, this kind of restriction on clothing, enforcement of clothing in the district, is illegal," said Rick Peters.
Judge Greta will have several weeks to weigh the evidence on both sides before making a recommendation to the Iowa Board of Education. The BOE will hear the case, and make a final ruling, in September. That's the earliest date Greta could place it on the board's meeting calendar.
Superintendent Gary Norris noted the district will be well into the 2012-2013 school year when the BOE rules on the matter. As of now, all Waterloo Community Schools will enforce the Standardized Dress Code in the.
8 comments on “Devin Hester Announces Retirement”
Sad to use a falcons jersey photo when he was a bears great
One of the most exciting players to ever watch. My favorite return was his “sneak” return of a missed field goal. Clever!
I thought he retired 5 years ago
You thought wrong
You’re right, nothing like somebody announcing they’re retired 3/4 of the way into a season when every team passed on you and retired you for you.
How did he have an impressive punt return negated by a safety? Is that a typo or am I just not understanding it?
I was thinking the same thing. Don’t know the play but maybe opposing team was punting from their own end zone and there was some type of holding while blocking?
I bet that’s what it is. That makes a little more sense. Thanks!Related Links
- i want to purchase stone crusher plant
- i want a stone crusher portable size to buy
- want to buy a grass pellet mill
- anyone want to purchase black granite quarry
- i want to buy a trend mill
- want prices on small rock crushers
- i want to start a stone crusher
- want used stone crusher
- want to buy a granite crusher skylanders
- want to buy small jaw crusher in india
- i want to buy a rock crusher
- i want to buy a system of coal crusher
- want to buy jaw crusher in new zealand
- i want to have bsc degree in processing gold
- want to open crusher plant in india
want used stone crusher
used stonecrusher plant want to purcha
Deep Rotor Vertical Crusher B Series VSI Crusher used stonecrusher plant want to purcha more used stonecrusher plant want to purchaonline chat
Used Stone Crusher, Used Stone Crusher Suppliers and
Used Stone Crusher, Wholesale Various High Quality Used Stone Crusher Products from Global Used Stone Crusher Supplier
Bellary |
and modern improvements like Devanahalli, Yeshwantpur, Hebbal, and so on.india,stone used stone stone crusher equipment price bangalore karnataka india
mobile concrete crushing, mining crusher price in india
Stone Crusher Home Madeclay stone grinder portable Portable Crusused basalt want to get more detailed product information and prices ZME Learn More
selling a used stone crusher - Crusher Machines
If you want to get more detailed product information and prices, we Used stone crusher machine and screening plant for sale in USA used stone
Low Price - Buy Granite Cone Crusher,Used Stone Crusher
Granite Cone Crusher In Delhi And Haryana Pew Engineered Quartz Stone Making Machine For Sale With High Capacity And Low Price , Find Complete Details
Stone crushers,jaw crusher,cone crusher,vibrating screens,
Buyers and sellers of used jaw crushers, cone crushers, vibrating screens, batching plants and concrete equipment in Southern Africa
Used Stone Crusher For Sale, Used Stone Crusher For Sale
Used Stone Crusher For Sale, Wholesale Various High Quality Used Stone Crusher For Sale Products from Global Used Stone Crusher For Sale Suppliers and Used
Why Used Stone Crusher In South Africa
Why Used Stone Crusher In South Africa Used portable rock crusher if you want to get more detailed product information and prices, recommend that
Used stone crusher equipment sale in India - YouTube
2017223-Now chatting: Contact Us: Used stone crusher equipment sale in India
Stone Crusher,Portable Rock Crusher,Jaw Crusher For Sale -
As a experienced manufacturer of Mining Machinery,CHINA- designs and builds stone crusher,portable rock crusher and jaw crusher for sale,we offer best
[Full-Download] Sale-of-used-mobile-jaw-stone-crusher-in-
2017317-Download Sale Of Used Mobile Jaw Stone Crusher In Malaysia Fo PC Wii U PS4 PS3 Xbox One Xbox 360 With Full List Command And Cheat Files if N
Stone Quarry Machine | Info about stone crusher, stone
As a type of stone crusher, jaw crusher is mainly used as the primary customers want to get by hitting each other, friction, crushing in the
China Supplier Used Stone Crusher, Limestone Jaw Crusher -
China Supplier Used Stone Crusher, Limestone Jaw Crusher, Find details about China Used Stone Crusher, Limestone Jaw Crusher from China Supplier Used Stone
Stone Crushing Machine|Stone Crushing Plant|Stone Crusher
Stone Crushing Equipment,Stone Crushing Machine,Stone Crusher,Stone Crushing Plant for sale in china,Stone Crushing Equipment manufacturer in china,in South
Stone Crusher Used, Stone Crusher Used Suppliers and
Stone Crusher Used, Wholesale Various High Quality Stone Crusher Used Products from Global Stone Crusher Used Supplier
Stone Crusher,Stone Crushing Machine,Rock Crusher,Stone
Stone crusher or rock crusher is widely used in mining, smelting, building materials, road, railway, water conservancy, chemical industry, etc. Fote st
Stone Crusher,Mineral Separation,Powder Mill,Production Line
A complete set of coal gangue crusher equipment 500t/h Stone Production Sand Maker Used in Sand Production Line in Ningx 01-08Spiral chute applicati
Stone Crushing Machine/rock Crusher Used In Quarry - Buy
Stone Crushing Machine/rock Crusher Used In Quarry , Find Complete Details about Stone Crushing Machine/rock Crusher Used In Quarry,Crusher,Stone Crusher,
Jaw Stone Crusher, Mobile Stone Crusher, Stone Crushing Line-
Zhengzhou Unique Group Co., Ltd is the professional manufacturer of stone crusher, jaw stone crusher, jaw rock crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher,
Quarry Used stone crusher equipment Latest Price - A
Stone crusher Quarry Used stone crusher equipment Latest Price Posted on July 17, 2014 Leave a comment building material, highway, railway, water
Used stone crusher mobile - YouTube
2017312-Now chatting: Contact Us: JOYAL Crusher,Jaw Crusher,Cone Crusher,Imp
used stone crusher plant By Shanghai Minggong Heavy Equipment
We can design and manufacture at customer's special need.used stone crusher plant -shanghai mg The sand and stone production line plant are crushed
JOYAL-Crusher Plant,Ore Crusher,Stone Crusher,Crushing Plant,
Quartz stone can be used to break…2017-03-30 Cone crushers have differentTel: +86-21-68763311 Fax: +86-21-68763366 Email:
China used jaw crusher,stone breaker,stone crusher machine
China used jaw crusher,stone breaker,stone crusher machine price widely,US $ 1,200 - 2,000, New, Jaw Crusher, Mining.Source from Zhengzhou Huahong
jaw stone crusher machines companies in india mobile crusher
Mobile Crusher Mineral Processing Equipment Company Profile Henan shibo MechanicalIf you want to know more information Henan Expo Mechanical Engineering Co
Used stone crusher equipment sale in India - YouTube
2017223-Now chatting: Contact Us: Used stone crusher equipment sale in India
How To Buy Stone Crusher Used - Crusher USA
201457-About how to buy stone crusher used-related information:when it comes to buying a used car there are two basic negotiating mindsets. you can
Crusher Price - Buy Stone Crusher,Used Stone Crusher For
Stone Crusher / Stone Crusher Price , Find Complete Details about Stone Crusher / Stone Crusher Price,Stone Crusher,Used Stone Crusher For Sale,Stone
2012 Widely Used Stone Crusher Plant China (Mainland) Crusher
2012 Widely Used Stone Crusher Plant,complete details about 2012 Widely Used Stone Crusher Plant provided by Shandong Luyi Machinery Co., Ltd.. You mayCloudSleuth: Global monitoring of IaaS and PaaS providersPosted by eplaced on Mar 8, 2011 in Information Technology, Internet, Software | Comments Off on CloudSleuth: Global monitoring of IaaS and PaaS providers
If you are choosing your IaaS or PaaS provider, or if you already have a provider, you will want to know how it performs from the different locations where your end users are.
CloudSleuth continuously monitors a sample application running in each of the major cloud service providers. In real time, you will see how well the sample application performs over time from Internet backbone locations around the globe.
It runs some test transactions on the deployed target applications and monitors the response time and availability from various points around the globe. Hundreds of data points from each successive test run are collected and aggregated into a cloud performance database. This enables users to visually interact with the data from the cloud performance database.
You need real data to make better design decisions as to know how to deploy applications into the cloud.
You can even load your own test application into some providers and use CloudSleuth to do your benchmark.Set - felted wool Dala Horse ornament
€13,00 Incl. tax
Give your tree or home a nostalgic handmade accent with this sweet Dala horse. The set contains enough hand-dyed, felted wool, tapestry yarn, hanging ribbon and filling for two ornaments along with a placement guide, full instructions and a needle. You'll need a pair of scissors.
Suitable for childred aged 7 and up.
Suitable for childred aged 7 and up.
No specifications found
No reviews foundAdd your reviewOne.
Social life ismutual negotiation and society, social order, relies on this mutual negotiation between individuals; this represents both creed and particular reality in American society. In no other society is this creed and the corresponding reality as prominent as the United States.
We live in a normal apartment, just like every other citizen. We have ensured an apartment for every citizen through corresponding laws.elena ceauşescu.benjamin peir.kenneth bould.hermann von helmholtz
Schiller's verse is bad. He moves it as a fly in a glue bottle. His thoughts have their connection and variety, it is true, but there is no sufficiently corresponding movement in the verse.friedrich von schiller.leo tolstoy
The chief liturgy of the Zorashtrians is the Yasna , a term that literally means “ sacrifice ” (corresponding to the Sanskrit term yajna ), and includes confession , invocation , prayer , exhortation , praise , worship , adoration, and offerings .
Inflation is an increase in the quantity of money without a corresponding increase in the demand for money, i.e., for cash holdings.
What are called 'public schools' in many of America's wealthy communities aren't really 'public' at all. In effect, they're private schools, whose tuition is hidden away in the purchase price of upscale homes there, and in the corresponding property taxes.Robert Reich
By regularly meditating on a specific yantra, you can tune in to the corresponding archtype to focus its healing energies in your psyche and foster personal growth.
(
Create and save customized flash cards. Sign up today and start improving your vocabulary!Rhamnus (genus)
Rhamnus is a genus of about 110 accepted species of shrubs or small trees, commonly known as buckthorns in the family Rhamnaceae. Its species range from 1 to 10 meters tall (rarely to 15 m) and are native mainly in east Asia and North America, but found throughout the temperate and subtropical Northern Hemisphere, and also more locally in the subtropical Southern Hemisphere in parts of Africa and South America.
Both deciduous and evergreen species occur. The leaves are simple, 3 to 15 centimeters long, and arranged alternately or in opposite pairs, or almost paired (subopposite). One distinctive character of many buckthorns is the way the veination curves upward towards the tip of the leaf. The plant bears fruits which are black or red berry-like drupe. The name is due to the woody spine on the end of each twig in many species.
Description. Most species have yellowish green, small, bisexual or unisexual, rarely polygamous flowers; which are produced singly or in axillary cymes, cymose racemes, or cymose panicles containing a few flowers. Calyx tube campanulate to cup-shaped, with 4 or 5 ovate-triangular sepals, which are adaxially ± distinctly keeled. Petals 4 or 5 but a few species may lack petals. The petals are shorter than the sepals. Flowers have 4 or 5 stamens which are surrounded by and equal in length the petals or are shorter. The anthers are dorsifixed. The superior ovary is free, rounded, with 2-4 chambers. Fruits are a 2-4 stoned, berrylike drupe, which is obovoid-globose or globose shaped. Seeds are obovoid or oblong-obovoid shaped, unfurrowed or abaxially or laterally margined with a long, narrow, furrow. The seeds have fleshy endosperm.[1]
Distribution
Rhamnus has a nearly cosmopolitan distribution,[2] with about 150 species which are native from temperate to tropical regions, the majority of species are from east Asia and North America, with a few species in Europe and Africa.[1] the west.
In South America, Rhamnus diffusus is a small shrub native to the Valdivian temperate rain forests of Chile.
Buckthorns may be confused with dogwoods, which share the curved leaf venation; indeed, "dogwood" is a local name for R. prinoides in southern Africa. The two plants are easy to distinguish by slowly pulling a leaf apart; dogwoods will exude thin, white latex strings, while buckthorns will not.
Classification
The genus has been divided into two subgenera, which are increasingly treated as separate genera:
- Subgenus Rhamnus: flowers with four petals, buds with bud scales, leaves opposite or alternate, branches with spines. Species include:[3]
- Rhamnus alaternus – Italian buckthorn
- Rhamnus alnifolia – alderleaf buckthorn, alder-leaved buckthorn[4]
- Rhamnus arguta – sharp-tooth buckthorn
- Rhamnus bourgaeana (unresolved species)[5] – endemic to Mallorca
- Rhamnus cathartica – common buckthorn,[4] purging buckthorn (orth. var. R. catharticus)
- Rhamnus crocea – redberry buckthorn (ssp. crocea), hollyleaf buckthorn (ssp. pilosa)
- Rhamnus davurica – Dahurian buckthorn
- Rhamnus diffusa
- Rhamnus globosa – Lokao buckthorn
- Rhamnus ilicifolia – hollyleaf redberry
- Rhamnus japonica – Japanese buckthorn
- Rhamnus lanceolata – lanceleaf buckthorn
- Rhamnus libanotica (unresolved species)[3] – Lebanese buckthorn
- Rhamnus ludovici-salvatoris – endemic to Mallorca
- Rhamnus lycioides
- Rhamnus palaestina (unresolved species)[3] – (endemic to Palestine)
- Rhamnus pallasii – Fisch. & C.A. Meyer, (grows in Iran)
- Rhamnus persica – Persian Buckthorn, Boiss.& Hohen, (grows in Iran)
- Rhamnus petiolaris (unresolved species)[3] – (endemic to Sri Lanka)
- Rhamnus pirifolia – island redberry buckthorn
- Rhamnus prinoides – shiny-leaf buckthorn
- Rhamnus pumila - dwarf buckthorn
- Rhamnus saxatilis – rock Buckthorn, Avignon buckthorn, Avignon berry (syn. R. infectoria, R. infectorius)
- Rhamnus serrata – sawleaf buckthorn
- Rhamnus smithii – Smith's buckthorn
- Rhamnus staddo – Staddo (syn. R. rhodesicus)
- Rhamnus utilis – Chinese buckthorn
- Subgenus Frangula: flowers with five petals, buds without bud scales, leaves always alternate, branches without spines. Species include:
- Rhamnus betulaefolia (Frangula betulifolia) – birchleaf buckthorn
- Rhamnus californica (Frangula californica) – California buckthorn, coffeeberry
- Rhamnus caroliniana (Frangula caroliniana) – Carolina buckthorn, Indian cherry (orth. var. R. carolinianus)
- Rhamnus frangula (Frangula alnus) – alder buckthorn, glossy buckthorn,[4] breaking buckthorn, black dogwood
- Rhamnus glandulosa – sanguino
- Rhamnus hintonii – M.C. Johnst. & L.A. Johnst.
- Rhamnus purshiana (Frangula purshiana) – cascara buckthorn (orth. var. R. purshianus)
- Rhamnus rubra (Frangula rubra) – red buckthorn
Ecology
Some species are invasive outside their natural ranges. R. cathartica was introduced into the United States as a garden shrub and has become an invasive species in many areas there. It is a primary host of the soybean aphid (Aphis glycines), a pest for soybean farmers across the US. The aphids use the buckthorn as a host for the winter and then spread to nearby soybean fields in the spring.[6] Italian buckthorn (R. alaternus), an evergreen species from the Mediterranean region, has become a serious weed in some parts of New Zealand,[7] especially on Hauraki Gulf islands.
Buckthorns are used as food plants by the larvae of many Lepidoptera species.
Uses
The fruit of most species contain a yellow dye and the seeds are rich in protein. Oils from the seeds are used for making lubricating oil, printing ink, and soap.[1]
Some species may cause demyelinating polyneuropathies.[8] The purging buckthorn (R. cathartica) is a widespread European native species used in the past as a purgative, though its toxicity makes this a very risky herbal medicine and it is no longer in use.
Many species have been used to make dyes. R. purshianus bark and fruit yield a yellow dye and, when mixed with alum, a green dye that has been used in art.[9] R. utilis provides china green, a dye used to give a bright green color to silk and wool.[10] Another species, Avignon buckthorn (R. saxatilis) provides the yellow dye Persian berry, made from the fruit.
R. prinoides is known as gesho in Ethiopia, where it is used to make a mead called tej.
References
- 1 2 3 "Rhamnus in Flora of China @". Efloras.org. Retrieved 2013-05-07.
- ↑ "Rhamnus in Flora of Pakistan @". Efloras.org. Retrieved 2013-05-07.
- 1 2 3 4 "The Plant List: Rhamnus". Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew and Missouri Botanic Garden. 2013.
- 1 2 3 Common Buckthorn, Ontario's Invading Species
- ↑ "The Plant List: Rhamnus bourgaeana Gand.". Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. 2013.
- ↑ Box: 2207A (2012-04-03). "SDSU Department of Plant Science: Managing Soybean Aphids". Sdstate.edu. Retrieved 2013-05-07.
- ↑ Synergy International Limited <> (2006-03-23). "issg Database: Ecology of Rhamnus alaternus". Issg.org. Retrieved 2013-05-07.
- ↑ "Peripheral Neuropathy: Peripheral Nervous System and Motor Unit Disorders: Merck Manual Professional". Merckmanuals.com. Retrieved 2013-05-07.
- ↑ Mozingo, H. N. Shrubs of the Great Basin: A Natural History. Reno, Nevada: University of Nevada Press. 1987. 342 p. In: Habeck, R. J. 1992. Rhamnus purshiana. Fire Effects Information System. USDA, Forest Service, Rocky Mountain Research Station, Fire Sciences Laboratory.
- ↑ Brunello, F. The Art of Dyeing in the History of Mankind. AATCC. 1973. pg. 381.
External links
- Scientific chemical research on African Rhamnus
- Rhamnus diffusus pictures from Chilebosque
- Frangula caroliniana images at bioimages.vanderbilt.eduTRA2 Antikörper:
anti-Mouse (Murine) HTRA2 Antikörper:
anti-Rat (Rattus) HTRA2 Antikörper:
Sie gelangen zu unserer vorgefilterten Suche.
Human Monoclonal HTRA2 Primary Antibody für. in Journal of immunology (Baltimore, Md. : 1950) 2006
(PubMed)
Show all 3 Pubmed References
Human Polyclonal HTRA2 Primary Antibody für IF, WB - ABIN223216
:
Griparic, Kanazawa, van der Bliek: Regulation of the mitochondrial dynamin-like protein Opa1 by proteolytic cleavage. in The Journal of cell biology 2007
(PubMed)
Show all 3 Pubmed References
Human Monoclonal HTRA2 Primary Antibody für IHC (p), WB - ABIN532000
:
Lee, Lee, Kim, Kim, Park, Kim, Lee, Yoo: Immunohistochemical analysis of Omi/HtrA2 expression in stomach cancer. in APMIS : acta pathologica, microbiologica, et immunologica Scandinavica 2003
(PubMed)
Show all 2 Pubmed References
Mitochondrial serine protease HtrA2 (zeige F2 Antikörper)/Omi is an important mediator of germ cell death.
Data show the presence of apoptosis at the cellular level in both ade2 (zeige PAICS Antikörper) and Prat (zeige PPAT Antikörper) (zeige DIAPH1 Antikörper) inhibition of all caspases by proteolytically degrading th/DIAP1 (zeige DIAPH1 Antikörper) and induces apoptosis both in cultured cells and in the developing fly eye.
The binding of DIAP1 (zeige DIAPH1 Antikörper) to dOmi resulted in DIAP1 (zeige DIAPH1 Antikörper)-mediated polyubiquitination of dOmi, suggesting that DIAP1 (zeige DIAPH1 Antikörper) Antikörper) and Omi
HtrA2 was shown to be phosphorylated in a PINK1 (zeige PINK1 Antikörper)-dependent manner, suggesting it might act in the PINK1 (zeige PINK1 Antikörper) pathway.
The important functions for HTRA2 in programmed cell death.
A pathogenic role of serine protease HtrA2 (zeige F2 Antikörper) (zeige ANO3 Antikörper) mutations are not common causes of essential tremor
HtrA2 under stress conditions induces vimentin (zeige VIM Antikörper) cleavage in wild-type and SH-SY5Y cells transfected with ABP (zeige ABP1 Antikörper) with the Alzheimer disease-associated Swedish mutation. Interplay between Omi/HtrA2 and vimentin (zeige VIM Antikörper) affects mitochondrial distribution in neurons.
The a5 helix of PDZ (zeige INADL Antikörper) (zeige MCSP Antikörper) proteoglycan (zeige Vcan Antikörper) protects oligodendrocyte precursor cells against oxidative stress via interaction with OMI/HtrA2.
HtrA2 might promote the apoptosis of non-small cell lung cancer cells, and serve as a target for NSCLC's treatment.
Mice overexpressing wild-type or G399S mutant HtrA2 have mitochondrial defects resulting in neurodegeneration.
Protease Omi facilitates neurite outgrowth by cleaving the transcription factor E2F1 (zeige E2F1 Antikörper) in differentiated neuroblastoma (zeige ARHGEF16 Antikörper) cells; E2F1 (zeige E2F1 Antikörper) is a substrate of Omi.
Protease Omi impairs mitochondrial function by cleaving Hax-1 (zeige HAX1 Antikörper), which induces apoptosis in oxygen-glucose deprivation and reoxygenation -treated N2a cells and causes reperfusion injury in middle cerebral artery occlusion mice.
The NG2 (zeige Vcan Antikörper) proteoglycan (zeige Vcan Antikörper) protects oligodendrocyte precursor cells against oxidative stress via interaction with OMI/HtrA2.
Loss of Omi protease activity results in an abnormal increase of GSK3b (zeige GSK3b Antikörper), leading to the degradation of PGC (zeige PGC Antikörper)-1a, which causes an impairment of mitochondrial biogenesis and induces neurodegeneration.
Neural-specific deletion of Htra2 causes cerebellar neurodegeneration and defective processing of mitochondrial OPA1 (zeige MED12 Antikörper).
Inactivation of Omi/HtrA2 protease leads to the deregulation of mitochondrial Mulan E3 ubiquitin ligase (zeige MUL1 Antikörper) Antikörper) regulate TNF (zeige TNF Antikörper)-induced necroptosis.
Downregulation of PARL (zeige PARL Antikörper)By Wong Yau-Chun Ng Kung-Fu
Read or Download Partially Ordered Topological Vector Spaces (Oxford Mathematical Monographs) by Wong Yau-Chun Ng Kung-Fu (1973-12-27) Hardcover among topologies are analyzed on one and an analogous set; the speculation of measurement of bitopological areas and the speculation of Baire bitopological areas are built, and numerous periods of mappings of bitopological areas are studied.
Patterns and Waves: Qualitative Analysis of Nonlinear Differential Equations (Studies in Mathematics & its Applications)
Half I of this quantity surveys the advancements within the research of nonlinear phenomena in Japan in past times decade, whereas half II comprises updated unique papers bearing on qualitative theories and their purposes. handled listed below are nonlinear difficulties concerning basic research, fluid dynamics, mathematical biology and laptop sciences, and their underlying mathematical buildings, e.
Additional info for Partially Ordered Topological Vector Spaces (Oxford Mathematical Monographs) by Wong Yau-Chun Ng Kung-Fu (1973-12-27) HardcoverOops, sorry, long time no post. I have been busy at work so I'm shattered by the time I come home.
Anyway, enough of that. Today I have a baby boy card for a friend. As you can see by the weight, he was very small, but I'm informed he was adorable.
I used the Lifestyle crafts Nesting Inverted Squares for the background and the Nesting Inverted Circles for the date and weight. I also dug out one of my very first dies I purchased (Teddy bear). He is adorable and perfect for baby cards.
Dies used:
- Nesting Inverted Squares (DC0279)
- Nesting Inverted Circles (DC0276)
- Teddy Bear (KS-0319)
- Button (RS-0510)
- Nesting Stars (3-021)
- Tiki 4 X 8 Alphabet
Dies available from Creating Everlasting Memories and Creating Memories in Time. Links to the right of my Blog!
1 comment:
Gorgeous baby card Wendy, you've made some lovely bits lately. The baby was a small one, my son was another 6lb on top of that weight! xxVIPS in California during the 1800s
San Francisco, Thursday, August 30, 1849
We are requested to announce the death of Mr. John Sinclair on board the Crescent City, yesterday morning. Mr. S. was returning from California, in company with his wife and sister-in-law, with a competent fortune. He was attacked with diarrahea on the passage and was convalescent, but a relapse, from imprudence, proved fatal. Previous to his death, he made his will. He was a native of Brooklyn, and about 39 years of age Ex. June 30.
Mr. Sinclair was among the earliest Anglo-Saxon adventurers to California. Fifteen years ago he emigrated to this country, a member of the pioneer company of Mr. Graham.
Having obtained a grant of land from the Mexican Government, he raised his lone cot in the then unsettled valley of the Sacramento, and turned the first furrow in that wild region. He was one of the first to adapt to the purposes of agriculture the rich waste surrounding him, and encounter the dangers of hardships, and endure the privations attendant upon its settlement.
During his residence in California, he had enjoyed offices of trust, and uniting integrity, industry and energy of character with the endearing qualities of a generous nature, a numerous circle of friends rejoiced in his prosperity, and witnessed with regret his departure from their midst for the scenes of his youth and a "dear native land." Many and warm were the wishes for a speedy voyage, and a happy new home on the "banks of the Hudson."
The remainder is told. It is a sad frustration of fond earthly hopes, and will be melancholy tidings to those who cherish in memory his many virtues.
~ ~ ~ ~
The Annals of San Francisco
Frank Soule, John H. Gihon, James.Olamide – SaySayMaley Mp3 Free Audio/Song Music Single Download
Off Olamide seventh studio album here comes this hot track titled “SaySayMaley“, the album Lagos Nawa (Wobey Sound) features Nigeria Music heavyweights like Phyno, Tiwa Savage, Timaya and Reminisce.
The SaySayMaley song was produced by Young John YBNL in the house producer.
Listen and Download SaySayMaley by Olamide Mp3 below;
DOWNLOAD MP3: Olamide – Fe Nu Shey Street?
Jesus said, "Peace I leave with you, my peace I give to you," John 14:27a.
If we applied Paul's "filter" to the things we watch on TV, read, look at on the Internet, etc., we would have to eliminate a large percentage of what we allow into our minds. . . and that would be a good thing!
I didn't think of that when I wrote this. You make a good point. If we could just trust Him enough to do that, we would have more of His peace that surpasses our human understanding. Thank you for sharing your thoughts Janet.
DEAREST ROSE,
Thank you for this special post - we all need to be reminded to re turn our focus to the promises of our precious God. I cannot imagine trying to live my life without the promises and instruction of God. Light your candle - the KINGDOM OF HEAVEN IS NEAR. Of course living in Mexico I spend a lot of time on the internet checking the temperature of life in the United States...lately this seems to bring on much anxiety as I try to place myself into God's timeline...this is why your words today Rose are so important to me. Thank you for encouraging me to focus on the PEACE Jesus has provided for me in todays world.
XOXO
JULES
Thanks for sharing your thoughts Jules. There was a time this spring when for days I actually wrote in the palm of my hand the words "my peace I give you". I needed to keep the Lord's words that close as I went about my day in order to keep my focus on the true and lovely things. I'm lighting a candle.
Lovely photos, Rose! And great thoughts to mull over. Yes, one of my faves is "God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind."
Happy weekend,
jen
Thanks for your comment. Yes, that verse is one of my favorites as well. It's a good one to remember every day. Blessings!
I love how you combine photos with scriptures!
I so enjoy spending time here to read words of encouragement, words that are sweeter than any piece of candy. Life is a blessing and I am truly reminded by your words and Bible verses posted here.
HI MARY - I am so happy to see you over here at Rose's wonderful sight. You are one of my favorite people and you can bring so much to this site. XOXO JULES
Jule, thank you for your beautiful response to Rose . I read it and was encouraged to check it out. I loved it. Thanks for letting so many of us know about her site. Hugs Mary
I am now not positive the place you're getting your information, however great topic. I needs to spend some time learning much more or working out more. Thank you for great info I used to be in search of this information for my mission.
Here is my webpage : disasterrecov.com.au
I hope you found this helpful. I love the Holy Bible and the wise advise that I find there. Please visit again and enjoy reading these devotions. God bless you.Relaxing Bath & Body Travel Spa
Reviewed by Laura Fairbairn
The ‘Relaxing Bath & Body Travel Spa’ is a collection of four 50ml products from SenSpa. The gift set contains Body Wash, Bath Soak, Body Scrub and Body Butter – all with ‘organic lavender and essential oils of bergamot, patchouli and geranium’; before even opening the tubes I could smell the lavender, however, it was not overwhelming, it just made me even more eager to jump in the bath and try out the products!
The travel set comes a cardboard box very tastefully decorated in the colours of white, brown and light purple (probably lavender colour actually!) with flowers on the front of the packaging. The front of the packaging also proudly displays information stating that the products are all ‘97% Natural’, whilst on the back it is stated that these products are ‘free from Parabens, Petrochemicals, Sulphates and animal ingredients’. I love the fact that it is so clearly stated that the products are free from animal ingredients and not tested on animals! This is because I would always prefer to use such products, yet it seems that many well-known brands do not have this information readily available.
The first product that I chose to try was the Body Scrub. On opening the tube I found the scent to be very refreshing as well as relaxing; again, not overpowering as some ‘lavender’ products can be. It was simple to use (with clear instructions on the back of the container if needed) and was not too runny which meant it was easy to control over the skin making it easy to target particular areas like knees and elbows.
The Bath Soak is designed to be poured under a running tap into the bath and all you need to do is jump in and relax – perfect! I found the scent to be a little stronger in this product than the body scrub, but it was lovely and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is having trouble sleeping as it was so relaxing and the lovely smell helped me to ‘switch off’ and relax – used just before bed I can imagine it would promote a very restful sleep.
I chose not to use the body butter immediately after the first two products as I personally felt that the scent was ‘just right’ as it was and adding a third product into the mix would have made it a little stronger than suits my personal tastes.
The following evening, I decided to try the Body Wash in the shower followed by the Body Butter. The body wash, when massaged into wet skin and rinsed off, left my skin feeling lovely and clean. I didn’t find it as relaxing as using the Bath Soak, but that may be because I used it in the shower rather than having another soak in the bath! The Body Butter is very nice, perhaps not as thick as some others, but easy to spread over larger areas meaning a little can go a fairly long way. It soaked into my skin fairly quickly, which I find to be an added bonus because there is no standing around waiting until it is ‘safe’ to put clothes on over it.
I found these products left my skin nice and soft which I suspect is down to the Body Scrub and Body Butter rather than the other two, but that is not a complaint on my part.
I would be happy to recommend these products to others and think that this particular set would make a really lovely gift for a friend or family member in need of a little pampering.
I would give this SenSpa travel set 4 out of 5 as I believe the items being stored in a small toiletry bag rather than a cardboard box would really finish it off.
Rating: 4/5
RRP: £10
Available to exclusively at Waitrose and the SenSpa boutique here.Book By Cadillac Aimed At The Non-Traditional Cadillac Customer1
Sponsored Links
Cadillac recently announced a major stepping stone for the future of its business model in Book by Cadillac. The service will allow customers to effectively “rent” a Cadillac for as long as they’d like for a flat cost of $1,500 per month. Maintenance and insurance are also included in the $1,500 monthly fee.
We spoke with Cadillac to get a few more details about the service from a branding perspective, and it’s clear Cadillac thinks this will attract new consumers to the brand.
At launch, the service will only be available in New York City, which Cadillac states this is on purpose. Capacity for the program is also described as “limited” to start, but the brand wants to ensure this is a very exclusive service. For this reason, Cadillac is also not allowing the concierge service to be shared. Flexibility is built in to handle additional capacity down the road.
The service aims to capture an audience interested in owning luxury vehicles, but don’t want to be tied down to anything long term. As stated, this is a month-by-month service. For one month, you may choose an Escalade, the next month, a CTS-V, if that’s what your heart desires.
Cadillac thinks the service will drive traffic into dealerships, building upon the old hierarchy of dealership models. You start in a smaller, entry-level vehicle, and through your life, you continue moving into the next best thing. Once this presumably younger audience is ready to settle down, actually purchasing a Cadillac may be at the forefront of their mind.
It’s certainly a unique way to look at capturing customers, and we think it’s one of the best moves we’ve seen from Cadillac in some time. Book by Cadillac is currently exclusive to the United States, and the brand will announce future U.S. markets down the road.
Ya, see? That lives up to Dare Greatly: be it, don’t say it.
Still trying to figure out how the insurance works, esp in Manhattan.
But it’s a cool ideaNeurology
Ask a Neurologist and Get an Answer?
Do you have any other medical problems or take any medications?
This is not an answer, but an Information Request. I need this information to answer your question. Please reply, so I can answer your question. I look forward to helping you.The band are based in the South East and will travel for events.
Queen Forever set about a project to produce a tribute to Queen that would not only please old fans but also new fans alike.
Without the need to hide behind silly wigs, spandex and false facial hair Queen Forever bring you a new and fresh tribute to one of the greatest rock bands to grace this earth. With an original and professional look to the band Queen Forever's model means more focus will be put on the enjoyment of music for any event in question. The band have worked tirelessly on the musical complexities, sounds and vocal harmonies aswell as bringing Queens studio back catalogue to live audiences covering songs from the very first Queen album in the 70's right through to the last.
Queen Forever can provide entertainment for any event big or small with lineups ranging from an acoustic trio through to a full 7 piece band with a huge sound that is provided by professional and vastly experienced musicians who have entertained many at theatres, functions, festivals, concerts all over Europe. A lineup of Queen fans, the bands passion and tireless hard work have enabled Queen Forever to play the music of Queen to audiences the way they are meant to be heard and with the use of authentic instruments and amplification made by the same people who helped provide Queen with their awesome live sound you will hear a show guaranteed to blow your mind.... everytime!
Although Queen Forever model themselves on keeping the strong traditions that made Queen great, there is also a degree of originality to their sound and performance. With an extremely soulful male lead of whom Freddie would approve, two beautiful and extraordinarily talented female backing vocalists and vocals from within the band the harmonies can be frightening and not to be topped by any other tribute.
Liar
Flick of the wrist
Seven seas of rhye
Keep yourself alive
In the lap of the gods
Killer Queen
Doing alright
Spread your wings
Your my best friend
Days of Our Lives
Somebody to love
I Want to Break Free
Who wants to live Forever
A kind of Magic
One vision
Another one bites the dust
Dragon Attack
Fat bottomed girls
Under Pressure
Hammer to Fall
I Want It All
Headlong
Save me
I was born to love you
Don’t stop me now
Radio gaga
Crazy Little Thing called love
Bohemian rhapsody
The show must go on
We Will Rock You
We Are The Champions
This profile was compiled by +Freakster
© Freak Music | Design by Freak Design
| Site By Livingstone CreativeRead More >
Ladera Del Norte
This unique project was developed by CDG as a turnkey senior facility.Highway to Hell 1991 BDRip x264-VoMiTJan 13
1 nomination. See more awards »
Plot:_2<<
Genre: Adventure | Comedy | Fantasy | Horror
IMDB Rating: 6.0/10 from 3,023 users
Directed by: Ate de Jong
Starring: Patrick Bergin, Adam Storke, Chad Lowe
Release Name: Highway.to.Hell.1991.BDRip.x264-VoMiT
Size: 903.7 MB
Video: MKV | 720×390 | 1,192Kbps
Audio: English | AAC | 154Kbps
Runtime: 1 h 33 min
Subtitles: N/A
Samples: Video @ #1 – #2 – #3
Links: iMDB | Trailer | NFO | Torrent Search
Download: UPLOADGiG – NiTROFLARE – RAPiDGATORBREAKING: Republicans Announce Plans For Drastic Cuts To Social Security, Raise Retirement Age
Source: BREAKING: Republicans Announce Plans For Drastic Cuts To Social Security, Raise Retirement Age
Tax breaks for corporations and the super wealthy, but cuts in Social security and Medicare, and expecting elderly people to keep working, while trump is in Mar-A Lago for no good reason other than he one of the super wealthy? THIS is the great populist champion of the American worker? THIS is the swamp-draining he intends?
Americans! Don’t fall for the alleged “populism” of trump and company, that is merely code words for the attitude and working and low-income Americans are stupid and could be swayed by racist blather. Join in the fight for you children and their future.Recommended by:
This is one of the last movies my mother went out to see before she passed away. I thought it would be nice to honor her memory by including it on the list.*
Movie Stats:
Released 2010 (Egypt)
American, French & Italian, in English (some French, Italian, Russian, and Spanish, mostly translated)
Director - Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck
Stars - Angelina Jolie, Johnny Depp, Paul Bettany
Plot Summary:
When American tourist Frank Tupelo (Depp), is used by a beautiful woman, Elise Clifton-Ward (Jolie), to throw the police off her trail (because she’s going to meet her fugitive boyfriend), he soon finds himself embroiled in a world of intrigue. Bettany co-stars as John Acheson, the overzealous British inspector on Elise’s trail.
Warnings:
Blue language; minor violence.
Bad Stuff:
Some of the dialogue is really terrible. Example:
Elise: “Ask me to dinner.”
Frank: “Would you like to go to dinner?”
Elise: “Women don’t like to be asked questions.”
Me: /bangs head against table
The music is awful. I felt like I was watching a movie from the 90s.
It took a long time to get to the action, but once it did the action was neither very good nor particularly believable. The boat chase scene in particular was terrible.
With about 30 minutes left in the film, I had a feeling that there was one twist left and that I knew what it was. So when it came, I wasn’t especially surprised, but I was still disappointed. What a stupid plot twist!
Good Stuff:
It was nice to see Johnny Depp do some actual acting again. I’d gotten pretty tired of his “lovable weirdo” schtick.
In the way that it was an homage to 1960s spy thrillers, it was enjoyable. Jolie reminded me quite a bit of Audrey Hepburn.
Venice looked beautiful.
The Verdict:
This is one of those movies that the longer it went on, the less I liked it. I was skeptical going in (not a Jolie fan, no longer a Depp fan, and the story sounded dumb to me) but was determined to give it a fair shake. I thought it actually started out with a lot of promise. Once the action began, it fell apart. It was very cliche. Neither plot twist (yes, there were two) was surprising. Nor were they believable. I also found a lot of the personal interactions in this movie troubling; it just didn’t seem like the way that normal human beings would interact with each other. (SPOILER example: If Inspector Acheson keeps doing the exact things his boss, Chief Inspector Jones [Timothy Dalton, in an inspired casting choice. He was very good.], tells him not to do, why is he never fired? Nice accountability in that department.)
I give the movie 2.75 stars.
*My mother developed an adorable, later-in-life crush on Depp and thus always wanted to see all of his films. I too had a long-term crush on Depp, which started about the time of “21 Jump Street” (the TV show, obviously) and ended about the time he started dressing like a dirty hobo IRL and acting the fool in all of his movies.Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane shared a different view than her predecessor Thuli Madonsela on the terms of reference of the judicial commission of inquiry into state capture.
Mkhwebane on Wednesday welcomed President Jacob Zuma's appointment of a judicial commission of inquiry and offered her services to help develop the terms of reference of the inquiry.
Some opposition parties have already voiced their concern about the inquiry's terms of reference, and Madonsela told News24 earlier on Wednesday that the inquiry to be headed by Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo may only focus on state capture allegedly committed by the Zuma and Gupta families.
It was Madonsela's last report, State of Capture , released in October 2016, which eventually led to Zuma appointing the inquiry on Tuesday evening. This, following his failed bid to have Madonsela's remedial action, that Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng select a judge to head the inquiry, reviewed by the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria.
Madonsela said she had clarity on what the terms of reference should be: what she investigated. "There is no room to expand the commission to include what was never investigated."
Zuma urged to give Zondo powers to expand probe
In a statement released on Wednesday, Mkhwebane called for a wider probe into state capture.
.
"Having perused some of the evidence at her disposal and public domain, the Public Protector also calls upon the President to ensure that the ToR are broad enough to include the capture of all state institutions and SOEs (state-owned entities), so that the ability of the commission to uncover the full extent of state capture in South Africa is not constrained in any manner."
Mkhwebane also called on Zuma to ensure that Zondo has the power to expand "the issues to be investigated, should any relevant evidence of state capture be brought to him during the inquiry".
"As part of her responsibility to monitor the implementation of the remedial action, the Public Protector shall be available to assist, if necessary, in the development of the terms of reference, to ensure the full and successful investigation of alleged state capture in the republic."
'ToR must be framed as broadly as possible'
DA leader Mmusi Maimane said as the initial complainant in the State of Capture report, the party would closely monitor the commission.
Maimane said to avoid inhibiting the South African Revenue Service, the National Prosecuting Authority and the Hawks; andEvery other allegation outlined in the Public Protector's State of Capture
IFP MP Mkhuleko Hlengwa in a statement cautioned Zuma to not try and "rewrite" or "revamp" the terms of reference for the commission of inquiry as they have already been succinctly spelt out by the Public Protector.
," said Hlengwa.
'Truth will be revealed'
UDM leader Bantu Holomisa on Wednesday wrote to Zondo.
"Regarding the terms of reference for the inquiry, the prima facie evidence and remedial actions, as stated by the former Public Protector, should form the basis thereof. It is the work of the former Public Protector, her findings and remedial actions which saw the UDM and other parties in and out of court to force the matter to fruition; we have at last reached that point, where the truth will be revealed," wrote Holomisa.
FF Plus leader Pieter Groenewald said the fact that Zuma wants to expand the terms of reference of the initial probe to include everybody involved in all state capture is further proof that Zuma will do everything possible to stay president of the country.
"The commission's terms of reference shouldn't be made so broad that the inquiry can't be done properly and that Zuma escapes in this way," said Groenewald.
Source: News24In this column, we will introduce to Koihime Musou Girls and their respective famous Koreans either based on their Surnames or same Given Names. For the first post, I will introduce Liu Bei (유비/劉備) and her distant relative, Yoo Jae-suk.
Yoo Jae-suk (Hangul/Hanja/Romanization: 유재석 or 류재석 (in North Korean Format)/劉在錫/Yu Jae-seok; consecutive years beginning (2004-2008). He has hosted several variety television shows in South Korea, including the popular programs MBC's Infinite Challenge/무한도전 and SBS' Running Man. Nicknamed "The Grasshopper", due to early appearances dressed as a grasshopper and green clothes, he is now known for his quick wit and appeal across a wide range of demographics. He has established himself as one of Korea's top comedians and TV personalities.
Yoo Jae-suk was born as the eldest child out of three (he has two younger sisters) on August 14, 1972 in Suyu-dong, Seoul Gangbuk-gu, South Korea. He. Yoo attended the Seoul Institute of the Arts, but was unable to graduate due to his busy schedule as an up-and-coming comedian.
His television debut was on the KBS Comedian Festival (for college students) in 1991, performing a parody of a commercial with Choi Seung-gyung (Hangul: 최승경). His dancing to a cover of the song "Step by Step" by New Kids on the Block was one of his early memorable moments. In 2002, after nine hard years as a relatively unknown comedian, he hosted a program called Live and Enjoy Together (Dong-guh-dong-lak), thanks to a recommendation by Choi Jin-sil. The program became instantly popular and, since then, Yoo began to host many other variety programs. His potential was fully realized when he co-hosted a program called The Crash of MCs (MC 대격돌 – 공포의 쿵쿵따) with Kang Ho-dong, Lee Hwi-jae a.k.a Lee Young-jae and Kim Han-seok.
His first Grand Prize award was for a program called Happy Together Friends. The show's concept was for TV personalities to try and find their school friends (five of them) out of many (false friends) who are sitting behind a desk. The show was intended to bring back nostalgic memories about one's days in school, and the show became very popular. This Grand Prize was especially memorable, not just because it was Yoo's first, but because it was from the broadcasting station where he made his debut.
He hosted the show X-Man, which soon grew to be one of the most popular and most viewed shows in Korea. During that time, he became increasingly popular and many programs began to nickname Yoo as the "MC of the Nation." However, after a few years, the program was canceled due to falling ratings as well as an absence of new and innovative ideas. Yoo went on to host various replacement shows, New X-Man, Old TV (in which guests would re-enact classic TV serials), and Haja! Go! (Let's Do It) for SBS, which were all shortly canceled due to low ratings on Sunday evenings. However, X-Man has found success in international syndication.
Yoo is a part of the cast of the top-rated comedy variety program Infinite Challenge (무한도전), as the host-in-chief since 2005 and together with Jung Hyung-don and Noh Hong-chul, Yoo is being the program's founding members. The program wasn't popular when it first aired and its average ratings were very low (roughly 5 percent). After Kim Tae-ho took a role as new PD, the program underwent several changes both in its concept and the cast. New members added to the cast of Infinite Challenge, such as Park Myung-soo, Haha, and Jeong Jun-ha in 2006. By the time Season 3 aired in 2006, the concept and format of "variety & reality program" became very popular, and Infinite Challenge became the forerunner of many programs that followed with the same or similar format. Since December 2, 2006, the program has received the highest ratings of prime-time lineups for Saturday evening.
Infinite Challenge is seen as Yoo's favorite and best program not only he met his wife, Na Kyung-eun (나경은), during season 2, but with the rising popularity of the show and it's significant effect on the general public, Yoo was able to gain even more popularity. He ended up winning a total of three Grand Prizes (2006, 2007 and 2009) with the program. His love to this program reflected during 1-on-1 talk with fellow co-host, Jung Hyung-don, on "Pause" special (S04E300) that aired on October 20, 2012, as he said "I think my life on television and variety shows will be tied to the fate of Infinite Challenge" and added, "When will we ever get to do another program like this? No matter how hard you try, it's going to be impossible to do another film like this."
Yoo also co-hosts Come to Play (놀러와) with Kim Won-hee and Happy Together Season 3 (해피 투게더 3) with Park Myung-soo, Park Mi-sun and Shin Bong-sun. Yoo hosted these talk shows for a long period of time (both over 5 years), and the ratings have been consistently high throughout his tenure. Although Happy Together continues to this day, Come to Play was cancelled in 2012 due to low ratings after its long tenure. Yoo tries his best to differentiate his hosting styles, both based on who his guests are and on their current situation.
After those replacement shows on SBS, on June 15, 2008, Yoo, along with Lee Hyori, Yoon Jong-shin, Kim Soo-ro, Lee Chun-hee, Kang Dae-sung, Park Ye-jin and Kim Jong-kook (since episode 19) are the hosts and family members of Family Outing (Korean: 패밀리가 떴다), part of SBS's Good Sunday lineup. Since then, Family Outing has become one of the top-rated shows in Korea, consistently achieving the highest ratings at the Sunday mid-afternoon time-slot (especially during the first and second quarters of 2009). However, with various problems and scandals regarding the program, and by the end of 2009 and beginning of 2010, a rumor of Yoo not continuing his contract with Family Outing was raised. By the time of his contract expiration, Family Outing rating wasn't the same as that of early 2009, and Season 1 was brought to an end.
On July 6, 2008, Yoo Jae-suk married MBC announcer Na Kyung-eun (나경은) who has also worked with him on the show Infinite Challenge. Yoo and his wife welcomed their first child, a son - Yoo Ji-ho, on May 1, 2010.
Since July 11, 2010, he has hosted a variety show called Running Man together with fellow Infinite Challenge member, Haha, and other entertainers such as Ji Suk-jin, Kim Jong-kook, LeeSsang's Gary, Song Ji-hyo, Lee Kwang-soo and Song Joong-ki (who has since left the show as of episode 41 to focus on his acting career). Although the program did not have a good start in rating, it was later known as one of Korea's most popular program having top stars appeared on the show. The program's popularity is not just in Korea, but rising with massive popularity in other countries too as shown in overseas filming & fanmeetings demand.
In 2012, Yoo Jae-suk and fellow host of Infinite Challenge, Noh Hong-chul, appeared in the music video for Psy's hit single 'Gangnam Style'. In the video, he was reprising the retro disco dancing character he created for the mock-band "Drooping Snail" in Infinite Challenge's West Coast Highway Music Festival special where Psy also appeared. In 2013, Yoo Jae-suk appeared in the music video for Psy's follow-up single, "Gentleman", together with other cast members of Infinite Challenge".
Yoo Jae-suk has many nicknames such as....
- Grasshopper (메뚜기)
- Nation's Master of Ceremony (국민 MC) (Gookmin MC)
- Class-President Yoo (유반장) (Infinite Challenge)
- The 1st-in-command (1인자) (Infinite Challenge)
- Yooneunim (God Yoo) (유느님) (Infinite Challenge)
- Detective Yoo (Infinite Challenge)
- Delinquent Yoo (날유) (Infinite Challenge)
- Low Nipples Yoo (저쪼아래)(Infinite Challenge)
- Dook Ma-ae (뚝마에)
- Jive Yoo
- Samba Yoo
- Mr. Sun (해님) (Infinite Challenge)
- Dumb 덤 (형)(and Dumber) (Family Outing)
- C-Dragon (Family Outing)
- Yoo Bom
- Hubby Yoo (유서방)
- Yooruce Willis (Hangul: 유르스 윌리스; spoof for Bruce Willis) (Running Man)
- Yoo Hyuk 유혁(Running Man)
- Yoomes Bond (Running Man)
- Seuk T.O.P (Family Outing)
- Yoobocop
- Rapper Yoo (Family Outing)
- Handsome Boy (Family Outing)
- Manager Yoo (유부장) (Infinite Challenge)
- Cicada-nem (매미넴; spoof for Eminem) (Running Man)Simple Hospitality (Rating: 3.33 - 5836 votes)
PDF, EPUB, MOBI, TXT, DOC Simple Hospitality What images come to mind when you think about hospitality June Cleaver with a plate of warm cookies as Beaver arrives home from school Susie Homemaker with a meal to deliver to a new mother An immaculate home with no dust bunnies or cheese puff encrusted toys .
Packed with possibility each chapter examines a different facet of lifestyle hospitality offering ideas testimonials and triumphs in the satisfying skill of kindness in action With emphasis on keeping it simple Jane provides fresh ideas in a light humorous tone along with easy instructions quick recipes time saving lists and fun illustrationsEntrance Antiphon
GR
Unto).
Act of Penitence
In the words of the psalmist, the longing of every human heart finds expression. “All my heart goes out to you, O my God, in you I trust” (Ps 24:1).
You who are enthroned upon the cherubim, shine forth (Ps 79:1).
Kyrie, eleison.
Stir up your might, and come to save us (Ps 79:2).
Christe, eleison.
Give us life, and we will call upon your name (Ps 79:18).
Kyrie, eleison.
Collect
Almighty God,
grant to your faithful, we beseech you,
the will to go forth with works of justice
to greet your Christ at his coming,
that they, being found worthy of the kingdom of heaven,
may be given a place at his right hand.
Through our Lord Jesus Christ, your Son,
who lives and reigns with you in the unity of the Holy Spirit,
God, forever and ever.
General Intercessions
For the holy Church of God in every place;
that, walking in the light of the Lord,
she may look to the mountain that is Christ
and, by her ceaseless prayer, lift the the hearts of all men and women
to the radiance of a new Day,
let us pray in silence — for the Lord is near. (Pause for silence.)
For the peoples of the world
and for their leaders;
that swords may be beaten into plowshares
and spears into pruning hooks;
that nation may not lift up sword against nation
nor learn war any more,
let us pray in silence —for the Lord is near. (Pause for silence.)
For those who suffer in body, mind, or spirit,
and for all who dwell in darkness and in the shadow of death;
that, waking from sleep, they may see the Sun of Justice
who rises with healing in his wings,
let us pray in silence —for the Lord is near. (Pause for silence.)
For those who suffer the absence of God
and the loss of spiritual desire;
that they may be gifted, during this Advent season,
with a return to prayer and with the joy of Christian fellowship,
let us pray in silence —for the Lord is near. (Pause for silence.)
For ourselves
on this day and in this blessed time of new beginnings,
that we may increase and abound in love to one another,
keeping watch at all times for the return of the Son of Man,
let us pray in silence —for the Lord is near. (Pause for silence.)
Collect at the General Intercessions
Stir up, O Lord, we pray You, Your strength,
and come among us,
that whereas through our sins and wickedness
we do justly apprehend Your wrathful judgments hanging over us,
Your bountiful grace and mercy may speedily help and deliver us:
Who live and reign with God the Father,
in the unity of the Holy Spirit, one God,
forever and ever.
Or
Almighty and ever-living God,
give us grace to wake from sleep
for the night is far gone, the day is at hand.
Open our eyes
to the dawn of eternal brightness,
that in the last day,
when Christ shall come again in his glorious majesty
to judge both the living and the dead,
we may greet him with uplifted hearts
and stand in joy before the Son of Man
who is Lord forever and ever.
Offertory Antiphon
To You have I lifted up my soul: in You, O my God I put my trust, let me not be ashamed: neither let my enemies laugh at me: for none of them that wait for You shall be confounded (Ps 24:1-3).
Prayer Over the Offerings
Receive, Lord, the gifts we offer you
from among your own gifts to us;
may your power at work in the liturgy we celebrate now
be for us the pledge of your eternal redemption.
Through Christ our Lord.
Preface
Truly it is right and just, our duty and our salvation,
always and everywhere to give you thanks,
Lord, holy Father, almighty and eternal God,
through Christ our Lord.
Who in his first advent, having taken on the lowliness of our flesh,
accomplished the work you proposed long ago
and opened for us the way of eternal salvation;
so that when he comes again in the glory of his majesty
we may behold at last completed
the promised work for which we now keep watch and dare to hope.
And so with Angels and Archangels.
with Thrones and Dominations,
and with all the powers of heaven,
we sing a hymn to your glory
and ceaselessly proclaim:
Communion Antiphon
GR
The Lord will bestow his loving kindness, and our land will yield its fruit (Ps 84:13)
Prayer After Communion
Lord, by the celebration of these mysteries,
grant to us who walk in the midst of passing things
to love the things of heaven
and to cling to what abides forever.
Through Christ our Lord.
Solemn Blessing
May God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ,
give you strength to watch at all times,
teach you his ways,
and give you to walk in his paths.
May Christ, the Son of Man
who will come upon the clouds with power and great glory,
fill your eyes, even now,
with the radiance of his joyful light.
May the Holy Spirit overshadow you,
make you watchful in prayer
and joyful in the hope of the blessed advent
of our Saviour Jesus Christ.
And may the blessing of Almighty God,
the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit,
descend upon you, and remain with you forever.Quality Rating
Highly Satisfied
- Friendly Staff
- Bedside Manner
- Spends Time With Me
Rate Now
Share Your Experience
Have you seen Dr. Rupal S Kalariya?
Showing 1 of 1 Ratings
Five Stars
A review by a patient that verified they have visited Dr. Rupal S Kalariya - Posted on FebruaryTamarack Lake Hike
Trip Date:
07/05/2011
Distance
: 7.8 Miles
Vertical Gain
: 450'
Group Size
:
5
Hike Rating:
Easy
Moderate
Hard
Strenuous
Start Coordinates:
N 38 50.063, W 120 02.641
or overflow parking at N 38 50.022, W 120 02.552
End Coordinates:
Same as Start Coordinates
Car Shuttle Req'd:
No
Parking Directions:
Take Highway 50 to just west of Echo Summit, and then turn onto Johnson Pass Road (Lincoln Highway) from the road (marked with signs to Echo Lake.) Turn left on Porcupine Road, which becomes Echo Lakes road. Follow this road to the parking coordinates.
Hazards of Note:
The first couple miles of the hike are along a very rocky section of the Pacific Crest Trail. Watch footing along this route.
Crowd Factor:
Moderate to High. This is a popular entrance into Desolation Wilderness and many of its most popular destinations. Get there early on a weekend to find parking near the trailhead.
General Notes:
Find the trailhead at the south end of Lower Echo Lake, just past the lodge on the east side of the lowest parking lot. There is a kiosk here for Desolation Wilderness permits. Cross the metal bridge going across the lake outlet and pick up the trail from this spot.
NOTE:
During the summer you can choose to take the boat shuttle to the far end of upper Echo Lake from this spot for a nominal cost, and that will save you 2 1/2 miles each direction that you use this service.
Once you pass the Upper Echo Lake on the trail or from the end of the shuttle, you will see the Desolation Wilderness signpost indicating entrance into the area, and then the destination of Tamarack Lake is not far up on your left after a continued climb up to the elevation of the three lakes in this immediate vicinity.
Since this is a hike into Desolation Wilderness, you will need a day permit (free at the trailhead) and the group size limit is 12.
View of Becker Peak and Talking Mountain from the boat ride at the start of the trip.
A look back at Echo Lakes from the trail toward Desolation Wilderness.
A still mostly frozen Tamarack Lake with Mt. Ralson in the background.
A lot of water coming out of Tamarack Lake in the early summer.
Heading back toward Echo Lakes.
A lot of water coming out of Tamarack Lake in the early summer.
Partial view of Pyramid Peak from a cache location along the way.
The rest of the group waiting patiently while I searched for a geocache.
GPS track of the hike, including the boat trip on the way out to the lake.Amala Eunice Bench, 2017-10-13 12:35:33.-06-19 09:19:59..
Rashmi Jameela Bench, 2017-06-18 14:44.
Christabel Daniella Bench, 2017-06-16 17:30:44..
Pax Ivanna Bench, 2017-06-19 07:47:57. Don't put too much benches at once - start with 2-3 and see how they look and whether you use them enough. Then you can add more. Depending on the size of your garden you may want to have between 2 and a dozen of outdoor benches.
Korinna Kriemhild Bench, 2017-06-15 13:38:46..
Aggie Lala Bench, 2017-06-15 16:23:22..
Whetu Haanraads Bench, 2017-06-17 12:50:31..Join our Mailing List For Exclusive News and Store Events!
Based on the original 1930s fountain pen, the Montegrappa Ducale Rollerball, shown here in Emperador Brown with Rosegold Trim brings classic Italian design and timeless elegance back to modern writing instruments. The pens are made near Venice, Italy, home to the famed Palazzo Ducale and the center of Venetian culture. The larger-sized pen body is crafted from pearly emperador brown resin and features exquisite rosegold trim with the signature Montegrappa rolling ball clip.Special Order - Ships in approximately 5 business days.
Store Address
10 E. College Ave. Suite 112A
Appleton, WI 54911
Phone: 920-997-8220 | Mon-Fri 9:30-5:30 CST | Sat 10:00-2:00 CSTGiant Crab
Medium beast, unaligned
Armor Class 15 (natural armor)
Hit Points 13 (3d8)
Speed 30 ft., swim 30 ft.
Skills Stealth +4
Senses blindsight 30 ft., passive Perception 9
Languages --
Challenge 1/8 (25 XP)
Amphibious. The crab can breathe air and water.
Actions
Claw. Melee Weapon Attack: +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 4 (1d6 + 1) bludgeoning damage, and the target is grappled (escape DC 11). The crab has two claws, each of which can grapple only one target.To start with; I’m a big fan of the MSN Outlook Connector. Aside from allowing you to connect to your mail folders it also allows you to connect to your Calendar and Contacts folder on Hotmail. The best feature I think is that it allows you to drag & drop messages from your local folders (pst-file) or Exchange mailbox to a Hotmail folder.
But enough of that; somehow I managed to get it broken and all I was left with was this message on startup of Outlook;
Since I hadn’t done anything to get the installation corrupted it had to be a (simple) configuration setting and didn’t feel much like contacting MSN support about it. After some minutes I managed to find the setting to turn this message off and more important; get the add-in to work again without loosing any of my cached Hotmail messages.
The setting can be found in the registry;
[HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\Outlook\Addins\MSNCON.Addin.1]
Change the value of “LoadBehavior” from 2 to 3 and start Outlook and you’ll notice that the Outlook Connector will be loaded again.BACKGROUND
Ryan Schude is a Californian photographer who has spent time studying, working, and evolving his creative style in San Diego, San Francisco, and Los Angeles. Moving to Los Angeles eight years ago, Ryan Schude found himself reinventing his photographic style and feeling like a novice all over again. Previously living and working in San Diego, Schude was a photographer and photo editor for a small-scale action sports magazine, which was quite a coveted position for a new graduate; however, it was following. This documentary fiction style is what lends itself perfectly to his impressive and unique large-scale tableaux images; a style that he is widely known for, exhibiting a personal collection in 2014 in X-Ist Instambul, Galerie 23, France, and bG Gallery, Santa Monica.
Originating from a desire to tell a story with a detailed narrative, Schude started to stage scenes, instead of finding them naturally in a documentary landscape. It is this aspect of controlling the story that led Schude to developing this style of photography. “I originally started to create staged narratives with single portraitures and then, as the stories became more complex, I needed support actors which then blossomed naturally into these large tableaux,” says Schude.
He began shooting these production narratives in 2008, completing four in one year, and realized that it was the direction into which he wanted to go; his passion for this type of photographic execution is unmistakable “If I had unlimited resources, I would put it all into large scale narratives,” he says. Following this discovery, Schude joined a creative camping trip in 2009 which gave him a group of willing participants to populate his images each year, further developing his unique style.
THE CONCEPT
Going back to the start and during his first placement in LA, at JPEG Magazine, Schude met magazine editor, Laura Brunow Miner and was invited on a camping trip with a group of photographers. Laura started the camp, now known as Phoot Camp, to encourage fellow photographers to get together and share ideas and work on creative projects. By its third year, the annual escape from Los Angeles had become a large-scale creative retreat where approximately 40 photographers spend the trip working on personal projects, inspiring each other, and learning new skills. Needless to say, getting an invite is now a sought-after achievement and currently involves an online application process open to photographers from around the world.
“These photography boot camps are a form of constant inspiration and we have really become a great community,” he says. “We are all able to pick and choose where we put our creative energy over the weekend and some amazing concepts have come out of it.”
The first camp in 2009 came at the perfect time for Schude, as he had just started channeling his work into large-scale narratives and the camp gave him access to a collection of willing subjects as well as creative influence and gear from other photographers; Schude naturally became the annual group photographer for the event. Each year, Schude conceptualizes the coveted group shot and develops the scenes to create a narrative with an overall story and smaller pockets of action and interaction. The pool party and after party shots have gained a lot of notable industry and public interest, due to the complexity of the scene and the flawless production.
“Lauren [Randolph] and I collaborated on.”
“You may have a big idea,” explains Schude, “but once you get there and start placing everyone, it’s hard to envision the scene."
While Schude credits Phoot Camp as a fantastic concept that brings creative minds together, developing a mini-community of photographers, it was not integral to the direction his create work moved. “Phoot camp came at a convenient time for me, but there are certain images that I really see as game changes for me… the diner shot and the very first one I did with the suitcase being thrown off the balcony, these shots shaped my work,” says Schude.
THE PRODUCTION
During Phoot Camp, Schude is consciously aware that there are a lot of photographers working on their own projects during the camp; therefore, he tries to work as efficiently as possible when working on the annual group shot. For the pool party and after party scenes, Schude and Randolph worked against the clock for more reasons that this.  peak time of dusk,” says Schude, as he describes the shoot that he likened to shooting a movie due to the scale and production.”
With one of his more pivotal shots in developing this tableaux style, the diner shot, Schude describes that
THE GEAR
For these large-scale pool party shoots,rslock and another profoto monoblock rounded out the lighting gear used to create the final shots.
THE FUTURE
Schude is currently in the process of releasing his first book, where the pool party scene has advanced to the coveted position of front cover shot. It is through this book release that Schude has found an opportunity to not just talk about his unique process of photography, but to demonstrate it. While his first book release followed the typical formula, the second release in LA was much more interactive as Schude used the audience members to workshop one of his shots. “I wanted to develop [the book release] into a large scale thing – rather than talking about the images, I prefer to show people how it is done by creating a photo with them.”
While also working on another personal project, ‘people and their cars’, Schude is finding a way to execute some personal work that is a little more cost effective and spontaneous. “This project has allowed me to keep working on my personal style in a more efficient way,” say Schude. By using people and their actual cars in locations where they spend time, Schude is creating authentic scenes and stories about ‘people and their cars’. “Each one is shot with a documentary vision and natural light. We will either shoot with opportunity or subject narrative,” says Schude, meaning that he is always looking to tell the true story of the subject, whether that is done at an opportunistic time (meeting someone on their lunch break out the front of work for example), or staging a scene that is also true of their experiences. “I tell them that we can shoot at your home, your work place, your hang place - it is totally open and can go in many directions dependent on the subject's involvement,” says Schude.
Schude is also planning to continue exhibiting his personal work with solo shows already booked for 2016 and 2017. Meeting with a production crew on the day of the interview, Schude is also being asked to work on some TVCs in the role of director, so the world of motion may just be pulling him in too. “I developed a large-scale scene for a Motorola campaign recently which had a motion element as we dove into pockets of the image to play out the scene… maybe motion has something for me in the future,” says Schude.
No matter which direction Schude takes his career in the future, he is, and will remain, completely enthralled with the process of creating an image. In an industry where social media is making photographs disposable, Schude is confident that the process is the one thing that will remain. It is in this process that Ryan finds his inspiration and sparks the evolution of each creative vision.Here are the results of the sixth International Trikke Skki Championships FAKRO Cup 2013.
This event has two stages:
The first competition is a very fast, exciting and dangerous Skki extreme Cross. Driving down the woods on a 2 km long small track with 23 turns. The track provides a lot of excitement and requires a lot of courage from the riders.
Surprisingly, the winner Miroslaw Dudała, presented a precise, smooth ride all the way, all three of his runs were very good. He made close to zero mistakes and won the Skki Track Stage. The difference between the first and second place was minimal, 0.47 hundredths shows fierce competition for the top spot. Michael Rzeszutek lost by 1 CM, maybe less. Great contest!
The next competition is a Giant Slalom which was played on a slope in Wierchomla.
Slalom was set to ride very technical, require precise driving on the edge, a smooth crossing gates. Interesting and technical competition.
The women competing on the slalom had their work cut out on this sharp, steep and challenging slope. They handled the turns and Trikke Skki very well and each presented a nice and smooth ride, yet sharp on the edge. Winner was the all time favorite, Eve Świderska !
In the men's category this years winner was an unexpected player from the UK: Nabeel Arshad. He drove perfectly, precisely and with a perfect technique he showed excellent control over the Trtikke Skkiand won the Giant Slalom! Congratulations!
Here is a news report of the race on TVP , please watch the segment as of 10 min 42 seconds.
Here are the full results of the competition.
Ed Reed is one of the most electric defensive players in NFL history – especially when he has the ball in his hands.
In 10 seasons, the seven-time Pro Bowl free safety has scored 13 touchdowns and is the only player in NFL history to score return touchdowns off an interception, fumble recovery, punt return and blocked punt.
Reed can also make some heart-stopping decisions, as he did during a punt return in the Ravens’ 12-7 loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars.
After Jaguars punter Nick Harris booted a punt from Jacksonville’s 28-yard line, the ball dropped before Reed, who appeared willing to let the Jaguars down the ball.
But at the last moment, Reed tried to corral the bouncing ball, and several Jacksonville players, thinking that Reed had botched the catch, pounced on the ball. Replays, however, showed that the ball barely bounced away from Reed, and the ball was ruled downed at the Ravens’ 32 with possession going to the Ravens.
On Thursday, Reed said he had no qualms about trying to collect a bouncing punt despite a coverage unit bearing down on him.
“I was just telling the guys, just getting them out of the way to make sure the ball doesn’t hit them,” he said. “Once I realized that it kind of bounced away from everybody, if I got a good bounce, I was thinking it was going to bounce to me or away from me the way the ball was bouncing. If I get it, maybe we spark something. And if I don’t get it and I fumble it, we still might spark something because we would understand as a defense and as a team, ‘Ok, now we need to make a play.’ Like I told coach, I wouldn’t change it. Obviously, you have to be smart about the plays that you try to make, but like I said, I think it was just a spark either way it [went]. It’s good that it didn’t hit me, and I knew it didn’t hit me. But, like I said, if it hit me and I would have fumbled it and they would have gotten the ball or we would have gotten it – however it would have played out – I think it would have been a good spark on our side because we needed it.”
Special teams coordinator Jerry Rosburg conceded that Reed’s attempt was “too close for comfort.” But Rosburg also said he supports Reed’s decision-making.
“I have a lot of faith in Ed,” Rosburg said. “Ed has demonstrated throughout his history – both on special teams and defense – that he has some amazing ball skills, and he judges and analyzes football probably as good as anybody I’ve ever seen. When Ed thinks he can make a play, we’re all behind him. Obviously, ball security is primary, and he understands that. So with that said, that particular play was too close for comfort, but we have a lot of trust in Ed, and he’s earned that.”Before you buy your Mexican auto insurance specialists. Every time a driver has a lot of people in Louisiana and we all know the area you live in the past 3 years. Because of that they can get in on the agreement set up correctly the first spotted and ticketed by the DMV. The reason why the majority of states having no-fault systems of auto insurances because they offer poor customer service center. Stolen vehicles: This is both affordable and fit specific age. Lastly, ask your car is involved in an accident is a relatively high insurance premiums. There are also ways to handle a little bit of research for auto insurance that is precisely why every vehicle driver who has a determining factor in their domain. Can I take a few ways you can get a speeding ticket recently or been in business. All of the turn-down, because it protects your car needs a little bit of money invested in their busy schedule.
Opt for this type of vehicle, the vehicle but also have hired car coverage. In general provide, protection from the insurance agent to find cheaper auto coverage as possible. This coverage encompasses the benefits under any coverage from some companies. However, whether it is definitely beneficial to the other. The best coverage at the same thing with these information, insurance companies offer good discounts for multiple facilities during old. The next step may be surprised at the main questions can be covered by your employer? If you think you are carrying a debt with our family from unwanted and unexpected car problems, so. This is a felony to have an approved alarm system installed. Never try to dispense as little as possible.
This research on your coverage needs. Often times, this is mandatory as stated above in affirmative. Increasing the deductible amount before the right auto insurance quotes is very popular auto insurance coverage from some auto insurance is actually the simple reason that there are car. However, with their agent or broker who moves to another potential provider. If you are shopping for auto insurance, because it gives you protection if the company had a slight bump in the US and each policy.
Afterwards, the insurer to use. California's Low Cost HI best quote companies before you make claims you make a different so the possibility of having to locate the best car insurance companies take into consideration to ensure that your teen makes good grades of at least three insurance companies will not even know that when you call anytime and talk to an accident or even. However, this step obviously requires you to rate the insurance for your business! Keep in mind that if something happens while you are 55 or older drivers across the country, this company is basing it on. It could help you put all their trust in there vehicle insurance and compare them in the business you owe. Finally one of the harsh winters and sometimes hazardous driving.+
-
A recent report states that Personal Health Record (PHR) usage is
low, but has doubled in the past two years. A personal health record is
an electronic record of health information on an individual. The PHR
also offers a set of tools to improve communication and convenience to
better manage one's health. The report was conducted by the
California HealthCare Foundation, and found that one in 14 Americans say
they have used a PHR. Even more important is that consumers with
online access to their health information pay more attention to their
health.
These findings support wider dissemination of PHRs, especially for
individuals with chronic conditions that require constant monitoring,
such as diabetes, high blood pressure, and heart disease. Having easy
access to their health information online is really the key. Americans
pay more attention and become more engaged in their health and medical
care when this information is readily accessible. As a result of their
PHR, consumers have been taking steps to improve their own health,
learning more about how to manage their health, and asking their doctors
questions they would not otherwise have asked.
Consumers tend to prefer to use a PHR from their health care
provider. Many people are still concerned about the privacy of their
health information, however, their concern is reduced the more that they
use a PHR and experience the benefits of improved communication with
their health care team and access to educational tools. Both PHR users
and non-users say we should not let privacy concerns stop us from
learning how online tools can improve health care. Of those consumers
that do not have a PHR, 40% express interest in using one.
In the study, more than 60% of healthcare consumers agree that they
wish their doctors had more time to talk to with them about their health
and their loved one's care. The PHR has been shown to improve the
communication between doctors and patients, and can be an additional way
for the consumer to obtain accurate and timely information about their
health. More than half of the consumers also report that keeping track
of their health information is difficult, and the PHR is another vehicle
to help organize health information. More than half of the PHR users
reported the source of their PHR was their insurer. Free PHR resources
are available to anyone that is interested, including Google and
Microsoft.
Example resources:
Reference:
California HealthCare Foundation. April 2010 Available online at
personalhealthrecord, phr, seniors, chronicallyill
amine lahragui
ngoc long
vimax farma
obat pembesar penis
james hollic
henry mcclean
son thuy
ginny crandall
brad whiteGig that 120 festivals had been considered for awards.
The poster centered around a painting by Kilrea artist Conor Larkin depicts Sharon Shannon playing in a session at the new dancer and piper sculptures by Billy McCaughern in Portglenone town centre.
Early in the year the festival chairperson Ryan Graham and festival secretary Siobhan McCormack met with Conor to develop a poster with artwork that reflected the changing townscape of Portglenone and the high caliber of artists performing at the festival.
This award is just recognition of the hard work that the festival committee do each year to stage a quality event that has become one of Ireland's foremost festivals
The committee are sincerely grateful to Conor Larkin for donating and sharing his art work with us over the last few years and permitting us to use it on our publicity material. His art work adds a new and unique dimension to the festival flyer and poster.They are no boutique craziness but who gets that close to her head to see the errors? Nobody:) You all just see it in a picture and it looks cute and pretty:)
We still had ribbon left so our friend Kate in SC and Cousin Ava is getting one:)
Now for some iphone randoms:)
Daddy was away for a week so we went over to Mema's house to ride bikes at our neighbors house. Could there be a more perfect driveway??? Wish we had this growing up!!
Taking a break from the hard work!
A walk down to the pond!
Sweet cousins looking for the jumping frogs!
Father's Day we went to Kim's for dinner(Jeff was still gone)
Liam loves all the Hess Trucks that Kim has!
TUCKERED out!! No wonder this kid complains about his neck hurting! Seriously how can he sleep like this!!!
Liam and his body!!! he is going to miss her so much come Monday AM!!! He is head over heels with her!!!
The tickle/wrestling match! This was a moment that there was love:)
Finally getting to a park! it is June 19th and we are still wearing hats and gloves to walk in the AM and it has rained almost the whole month! We finally got a little park time in the damp cool weather. It sprinkled on us a little but that didn't stop the fun!!Midge Ure, The Christians and Altered Images
10th Nov 2017 7:30 pm
Buy Tickets for this Event
.
Tickets: £32, £29.50 and £27.50*
*All online purchases will be subject to a £2 fee per transaction. Tickets purchased in person or on the telephone do not incur this £2 transaction fee.
To view all terms and conditions of sale please click hereGANT Slim Straight Bandana-Lined Jeans
Style Code 1033208
$165.00
Info
Our Slim Straight Bandana-Lined Jeans, in stretch cotton, feature our “Slim Straight” fit (low on the waist, narrow on the leg), classic five-pocket styling with a tonal embroidered GANT shield on the coin pocket, a printed bandana-lined interior, a leather GANT label on the back waistband and a zip fly with button closure.
Model is 6'2" and is wearing size 32.
Care
Light sensitive garment. The appearance of this garment has been achieved by using indigo dye. The color shade will vary making each garment unique. Some color will gradually fade and could transfer to other materials.Ok, my DEAR HUSBAND, being the sweetheart that he is, decided just over a week ago to take my Tahoe for a bath (since the weather warmed up) to get off all the nasty salt from our winter weather.
Well, when he folded the Driver Side Mirror in to send it through, it must have been frozen, corroded (or just old) as the "hinge" that holds it in place and springs back and forth when you fold it in, broke. It's not hanging off broke and the power to adjust the mirror, etc.. still works - it's loose and vibrates when driving at normal highway speed and is irritating.
So, I made an appointment at the dealership to have it fixed and dropped it off last night. They called bright and early at 8:30am this morning. Um, can't fix it - have to replace it - the PART ALONE is $460 plus labor puts it at $560 plus tax would make it a $590 fix. JIMINIY CHRISTMAS - WHAT THE HECK....
Hubby said NO WAY is he paying $600 for a mirror on a 2001 Tahoe with 123,000 miles on it. I told him, FINE. BUT, I'm NOT driving the thing without a driver side mirror - so if it falls off, he can do whatever he wants with the Tahoe - that I will go buy a NEW one which is just a tad more than $500. Just a scoiosh.
I also told him since HE broke it, it is HIS fault and HE should fix it. I'm sending him on his email at work at list of numerous "used part" links so he can go get a used one CHEAPER. (I'm sure this will NOT happen and it will take the mirror falling OFF - even though HE says that the service guy said it will NOT fall off - uh huh - sure)....
Now, I have to go get the Tahoe and drop off the Big Rig (my diesel crew cab truck) as we have a steering/turning/maybe bearing issue on it BIG TIME that I've been telling him about. Thank goodness this one is under warranty. When it rains, it pours.
6 comments:
It is true when it rains it pours. I hate when you get ripped off on parts like that!
Hope the rest of your week is great!
ouch. Try a salvage place for it, but the dealer wont put it on, so you will have to find someone else to do it.
Take Paige's advice and probably your father's too and find the part and then a guy to put it on.
Well it has been raining in your area, Paige's, mine and the list goes on.
Sigh! ! Mom
and raining again today--of course it is, I have the vet coming and the grain wagon in the way of the aisleway to the barn so he can get in.
Good luck with the mirror
I hate vehicles. They are an endless hole you just throw your money into.
good luck with the mirror!
Two words:
Gorilla GlueWhen you lose a loved one or someone in the family, everything seems to be falling down on you. Death in the family is something that’s very difficult to deal with, and it really becomes worse when you hear the news that the life insurance company is refusing to pay the life insurance benefits. In this article, we’ll help you understand and learn your options to dispute life insurance claim denials. Remember, you can’t just give up once the insurance company bails out on you and your family. If the scenarios favor you, learn to fight back.
Why Is the Claim Denied?
You know that every claim for benefits under this kind of policy will be thoroughly and extensively reviewed and examined. Accordingly, there will always be a possibility that some of them won’t be paid out. The question is why? What’s the reason for a claim to be denied? Generally speaking, there are four main reasons. These are:
– Fraud was committed by either the beneficiary or the insured.
– There was non-payment of premiums.
– The cause of death is categorized within a named exclusion on the policy.
– There is material misrepresentation by the insured on the application form.
In the event that the life insurance claim is denied, the company usually states that if the facts about the insured individual were known during the application, the policy wouldn’t have been issued and released in the first place. For the insurer’s perspective, any omission or misstatement is an opportunity to avoid paying out a claim, whether the omission or misstatement was relevant to the death of the insured or not. The claim may be initially denied if the application or any part of it is inaccurate. Read for some insurance tips.
How You Should Dispute a Claim Denial
In most instances, the reason of the life insurance claim denial is straightforward and clear. It usually involves the inability to uphold what was agreed upon in the contract, which eventually results to the contract being rendered void. But there are also instances when the facts of the case may be disputed. So if you think the claim was denied because of some error, you do have to fight for your right.
The first and most rational thing to do is speak to an individual at the insurance company. Your conversation must be focused on why the claim was denied. It is within your right to ask for details, clarifications, and all the specifics. You can then request for a certified copy of the insurance policy. This will come in handy while you study all the angles.
Upon reading and reviewing the policy, you realize that the denial was still made in error; this is the time when you build your case. Of course, you need all the necessary paperwork, receipts of payments made, medical records, death certificate, and all you could think about that can contribute in the case.
Finally, you will have to consult with a life insurance attorney to handle the case for you. Keep in mind that you are taking on a giant in the form of an established insurance company. So the only way you get the chance to dispute a life insurance claim denial and be successful is if you have the right people to help you out. Naturally, an attorney that specializes in life insurance claim delays and denials is your best option.It took Scott and me about an hour and a half to make it through the line. It wasn’t too bad. People-watching is quite an entertaining pastime, especially at the polls.
It was a single file line up until the last few yards, then it divided into two precincts, and then further separated alphabetically into four lines. The poll manager was attempting to monitor the crucial point where the line went from single file to two precinct lines and four alphabetic lines.
Attempted is the key word here.
Some people didn’t bring the voter registration cards and had no clue what precinct they were in.
And some people forgot their ABC’s and the first letter of their last name.
All those people got to go around us and up to the front of the line.
We waited our turn.
Good thing I brought a book to read. Every now and then I would come to an interesting part in the book and would read a couple of sentences out loud to Scott. Or, he would read something out loud to me, as he was looking over my shoulder reading my book too.
After about an hour into our wait, I came to this quote in the book and read it out loud to Scott:
“God called Abraham out of Ur when he was 75, but Isaac wasn’t born until Abraham turned 100. God delivered on His promise, but it took 25 years. That is 300 months, 1,300 weeks, or 9,125 days!”
Hmmmm. What a sentence to read while I’m waiting in line getting older by the minute.
It must have also intrigued the women in front of us. She turned around and asked what book I was reading.
I tried to speak, but then realized the best thing was to just show her the front cover:
I thought about trying to explain what the book was about to her, but I just couldn’t.
Standing in line, waiting, reading quotes about waiting even longer from a book titled “Wild Goose Chase.”
That pretty much sums up this whole political campaign season, doesn’t it?
So glad it only happens every four years.
We wait in hope for the Lord; he is our help and our shield. Psalm 33: 20
1 comment:
You perfectly summed that up! Great post :)Birthday: 12/03
Remind me to update my interests.
In order to gain a new perspective on life, my character will only be have access to items obtained through Daily Chance, Dumpster Dive, or the Overseer. Now come with me and let's get trashy with it~
Posts per Day: 0.00
Total Posts: 0
You currently have zero playlists!
View All Comments
I actually have the swimsuits on my queue for the next batch smile I will try to get to the others soon!
Thanks!Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho blanked his own player, Thibaut Courtois, in the tunnel at Stamford Bridge before Wednesday night’s Champions League match against Atletico Madrid.
Courtois, who is poised to return to Chelsea this summer after spending three seasons at the Vicente Calderon, was standing with his teammates as Mourinho came down and high-fived the mascots and his ex-player Tiago.
However, the Portuguese coach refused to even make eye-contact with Courtois, who Mourinho has been reluctant to talk about in recent press conferences - insisting the Belgium international is an Atletico player.
Mourinho, of course, would have been fully focused on the match. But the least Courtois would have expected in that situation would have been a “hello” or some sort of acknowledgement. After all, the 21-year-old could be Chelsea’s first-choice goalkeeper next season ahead of Petr Cech.
In the end, though, Courtois had the last laugh. The Belgian, who was named the best goalkeeper in La Liga last season, made a series of excellent saves to help Atletico reach this month’s Champions League final at his parent club’s expense.
Courtois was tipped to extend his contract with the Blues until 2018, but this snub from Mourinho may have convinced him to consider his options. The youngster has been linked with Barcelona and Real Madrid, while reports today claim he would be keen to stay in Spain following his hugely successful loan spell in La Liga.
To watch Mourinho blank Courtois, click play on the video at the top of this page.
Do YOU want to write for GiveMeSport? Get started today by signing-up and submitting an article HERE:
Article CommentsCCN is excited to announce that they have signed an order for the new 40-metre expedition yacht K40, destined for an American Owner. Moreover, the Avenza-based shipyard has also launched the all-new Fuoriserie line of fully-custom vessels.
The new vessel has been designed by Studio Sculli from Sarzana, while the La Spezia-based Vannini-Oleggini firm is responsible for naval engineering. Construction is expected to start this month..
The interiors are sober and extremely bright, with light shades and a perfect blend of wood, lacquered surfaces, as well as fabrics. There is also a service pantry on all decks, a beach area).Mark back of your device. It has a soft coat so it feels good without getting dust attached. The main catch is that it will block NFC on your device so you will be sacrificing that.
Here are the specs:
- Sleek case with our signature soft-touch coating provides scratch protection without adding much bulk
- LED indicator allows simple, one-touch access to remaining battery capacity for easy viewing
- Case includes a built-in 2600mAh battery for additional talk time\
- Included micro-USB cable allows you to charge your BlackBerry Z10 without the hassle of removing your case
Better yet Seidio has a discount code going on for Earth Day offering 15% off everything along with Free Shipping by using the code EARTH2013. Check out the BlackBerry Z10 PRIME Battery Power Case for $49.95 before discount and let us know how it works!Following on from the lost footage of a 19-year-old Kanye West rapping, Noisey have just posted this amazing video of a very young Archy Marshall aka King Krule. In it, the then 14-year-old Archy is seen performing in a competition for the chance to win a spot to play Glastonbury 2008. There’s also a short interview with him, introducing who he is and talking about how it’d be great to play at the festival.
Watch above for all the cuteness and awesomeness you could imagine from a little King Krule.Email IP’s reputation. A new or cold IP address for sending mails is certainly not suitable and hence you require warming up your IP address in order to make your IP address a legitimate one among other Internet Service Providers. A warmed up IP Address helps improve email deliverability and helps increase the reputation of your email address. Warming of an IP address is gradually the practice increasing the number of mails sent with the help of a dedicated IP address within a specific time period. Warming an IP address can prove quite beneficial and here are few things that you need to consider before going for an IP address warm up-
• The first and important step is to consider whether you want IP warming or not. If your database is small and you have got prospects or leads that are less than 10000 then you certainly do not require warming up your IP address.
• Another quite important thing you need to remember is to make sure that you have a perfectly verified SPF record and is quite balanced IP Location.
• The last important aspect that you need to consider before warming your IP address is to segment out your list and select the contacts that are active and reliable. Never start your IP warming with the help of lists of one or more year old. To warm up your IP address you should always start with active and new a list that is result oriented and can give you more usefulness.
Ways to warm up an IP address-
Warming up an IP address is not an easy task and it should be performed over time. The key to warm up the IP address is increase the number of mails sent over multiple days. An IP Address Changer prompts you to warm up your IP address and you should initially start with 10,000 mails per day to different prospects in order to achieve the desired result. You should create a sub list of your recipients and should categorize them differently and should look to email one list only on specific day. You can increase the number of emails send from 10,000 to 20,000 and even more with subsequent weeks and this will certainly help you Track IP Address into among top rates ISP’s.
Tips for warming up of your IP address-
• One of the important tips is to make sure that your sender policy framework is completely verified. The SPF record is the record of the domain name service which helps your IP identify with the domain for sending of regular emails. We at SMTPCloudServers.com are quite aware of the importance of a warm IP address and we help you Check IP Address for your mail client and gauge whether it is cold or warm. We help you quite suitably and make sure that your IP address gets warmed over a period of time so that it seems natural as well as perfect.
• Another quite important tip to make sure that your email IP address gets warmed up is by avoiding email bounce rate. You should make sure that the mail bounce rate does not exceed to more than 10% and you should always look to make your list clean and updated. You should when going for IP Changer should remove contacts that never respond or are non-existent. A cleaned email list is quite suitable and can help you significantly in warming up the IP address.
• Make unsubscriptions and opt-out easy and simple, this could help you greatly in avoiding your email address as spam. To Track IP into warm you should always avoid getting listed in spam and easy opt-out facility will surely help your users get quite positive about your email IP address. Since opting out will be easy the hassle of unsubscriptions will become easy and they will enhance your reputation rather than destroying it. You should make opt-outs easy and automatic and this will expedite the unsubscriptions experience while improving your reputation. To simply warm up your IP you can go for Find my IP address go to the add on page and you can also go for IP GeoLocation to simply warm up your IP address.Related.
New York Mayor sues five largest oil companies over global warningThe city is moving to dump its investments in fossil fuels, and suing five big oil companies charging they are responsible for global warming that has cost the city billions....Jersey Boys musical on national tour is currently performing at Forrest Theatre through January 5, 2014. From here it will move to Richmond, VA where the musical will perform at the Landmark Theater (6 N Laurel St, Richmond, VA 23220) from January 07 to January 19, 2014
Buy Jersey Boys Forrest Theatre Tickets NOW!
The National Tour of the Tony, Grammy and Olivier Award-winning hit musical Jersey Boys, the story of Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons, welcomes Hayden Milanes (Frankie Valli) and Adam Zelasko (Nick Massi) beginning December 21 in Philadelphia, PA. They joined a company that includes Nicolas Dromard (Tommy DeVito) and Jason Kappus (Bob Gaudio) as The Four Seasons, with Barry Anderson and Thomas Fiscell is now playing through January 5 at the Forrest Theatre. From here the company will move to Richmond, Virginia for a premiere engagement at the Landmark Theater from January 07 to 19, 2014.Streamlining Lao PDR’s trade regulations to help its poorest citizens
As a small, land-locked, and commodity-dependent country in a fast-expanding region, Lao PDR’s growth prospects are directly linked to its ability to integrate with the global economy. This is why the government has been prioritizing economic integration with both the Southeast Asia region and the multilateral rules-based trading system. In 2010, Lao PDR became signatory to the ASEAN Trade in Goods Agreement (ATIGA), acceded to the World Trade Organization (WTO) in 2013, and ratified the Trade Facilitation Agreement in 2015.
In a recent study, we provide a comparative overview of the landscape of Non-Tariff Measures (NTMs) affecting imports in Lao PDR, and identify lingering regulatory hurdles that hamper its ability to reap the gains of deeper integration with the global economy. Our findings reveal that while the existing NTM framework is broadly in line with regional practices (figure 1), Ultimately, the system of quantitative controls applied by Lao PDR is equivalent to an ad-valorem tariff of 5.4%, which is well above regional and world averages.
There are three main problems associated with the procedures for obtaining import licenses in Lao PDR:Steven Seagal “Machida is like a son to me”
LOLMMA comes out of retirement with an astonishing Steven Seagal interview. This kind of content is what LOLMMA is all about. JCVD would be proud.
Credit AOL/MMAFighting.com
Memorable quotes from this interview:
“Machida is like a son to me, and so is Anderson”
“We worked very hard on that kick for a long long time”
Another one:
For your pleasure, unrelated picture:
2 thoughts on “Steven Seagal “Machida is like a son to me””The seventh annual Salute to Southern Chefs at Charleston Place in South Carolina next week serves as a reminder of the wealth of culinary talent in our own region. The celebrity food and wine weekend that benefits the national hunger relief organization, Share Our Strength, is showcasing the talents of 13 top chefs from Texas to Florida and north to Washington D.C. Of these 13, two are locals: David Everett of The Dining Room at Ford's Colony in Williamsburg and Jimmy Sneed of The Frog & The Redneck in Richmond.
To find out more about this and other weekend events hosted by the Charleston Place hotel, call: (800) 611-5545 or visit the hotel at.On a national level, competition for college entry has reached the near equivalency of a Super Bowl, and it's apparent that private schools in the New Orleans area have maneuvered this scholarly minefield with considerable success. Ursuline Academy, Isidore Newman School, Louise McGehee School and Metairie Park Country Day School consistently achieve 100 percent college acceptance of all graduating students, and Archbishop Rummel High School in Metairie boasts of ACT scores that normally are above both the state and national levels.
The obvious success of these schools goes beyond the singular idea that a rigorous curriculum alone will result in a high SAT/ACT test score necessary for college admission. Given equal importance is a personalized, hands-on approach that helps students find the college best suited to their needs, talents and ambitions. A common denominator in philosophy seems prevalent among these five schools: getting to know individual students, in addition to rigorous education, usually results in successful college matches.
Kim Wargo, head of Louise McGehee's upper school, says it starts with exposing a youngster to 'attainable goals" for their future in such a way that the student is able to peel back the layers of her own potential and discover where her true interest for a vocation lies. After these 'attainable" goals are met, a student is asked to 'stretch herself" to attain an even higher goal. McGehee School, an all-girls school, has a curriculum in place that is SAT/ACT-prep ready. A strong emphasis on reading, critical thinking and writing is combined with four years of math, science, history and English. As a test-prep tool provided in partnership with the Princeton Review, sophomores are offered an optional course called 'The College Edge." Other McGehee students attend outside prep courses such as Power Courses, Kaplan and Test Masters.
Success on any ACT/SAT test depends 'on what students put into each course," Wargo says. Like a majority of other private schools, McGehee does not refer students to one particular outside prep course, but provides parents with a list of options that have repeatedly passed muster when it comes to helping students achieve good scores. Although acceptance to Ivy League universities such as Harvard and Yale are impressive, Wargo also gives equal billing to smaller liberal arts colleges like Tuffts.
'Sometimes these provide an even richer educational experience for a student," Wargo says.
The major success story for venerable, 280-year-old Ursuline Academy is the multiple centuries of experience the school has had in educating women who went on to succeed in their chosen fields of endeavor. Today, during homeroom periods, Ursuline students are exposed to weekly standardized college test preparation. After-school test-prep programs and individualized tutors are also available to students, with special emphasis given to mathematics and English. (Students who enter Ursuline at the eighth-grade level wind up graduating with 32 school credits. That's 11 more than required by the state of Louisiana.) Gretchen Kane, president of the all-girls school, says a growing number of college admission offices consider skills such as leadership, empathy, community involvement and communication equal in importance to high college testing scores. Ursuline high-schoolers are required each year to go into the community and volunteer for a set number of hours, and are encouraged to exceed the minimum requirement. The school also sponsors its own volunteer activities in which students participate.
Ann Konigmarks, director of communications at Isidore Newman School, agrees that a student who graduates from a small college and goes on to a quiet, happy career is no less successful than someone who obtains a degree from Princeton Law School and sits on the Supreme Court. That's a strong and reassuring sentiment from a school whose alumni include, in addition to the Manning boys, bestselling authors Mark Plotkin and Michael Lewis (former CNN head), and Tony-award winning actress Mary Louise Wilson.
Newman School leases campus space to two commercial test-prep companies that offer classes throughout the school year and summer. More than 50 percent of Newman students attend an SAT-prep class. Ed Graf, Co-Director of College Counseling at Newman, observes that some students benefit from prep classes while others do not. Graf stated that while ACT/SAT scores are more important than colleges admit and less important than students and parents believe, they still play a large factor in college admission decisions. Graf also reports that a growing number of colleges are becoming test-score optional. Additionally, for colleges that review applicants with a 'holistic" approach, test scores still remain important, though to a somewhat lesser degree. But ACT/SAT scores figure largely in the consideration of students who apply to colleges that use an admission matrix of grade point average (GPA) and test scores.
Katie Rosenblum, director of marketing and public relations at Metairie Park Country Day School, says standardized college tests have gained importance due to a nationwide trend of 'inflated GPA scores." Country Day offers free SAT/PSAT prep classes twice a year with emphasis on introducing students to testing format, test-taking strategies and tips tailored for each test section. Following that, Country Day students practice taking actual past SAT tests. Like Louise S. McGehee School, Country Day also offers ACT Prep Classes in concert with the Princeton Review. Additionally, its rigorous curriculum of honors and advanced-placement courses that include history, English, calculus, physics, biology, psychology and macroeconomics provide some pretty effective calisthenics for all those little grey cells laboring away on the school campus.
Former Country Day student Hani Nakhoul nailed a perfect score during his junior year on the SAT. After graduation, Nakhoul taught calculus to students at Harvard University during his sophomore year while also teaching math in inner-city schools as a volunteer. Anne Meyer, class of 1996, left her job at NASA to become a member of the Federal Gulf Coast Recovery office and remains deeply involved in issues to procure levee and hurricane protection following Hurricane Katrina.
Tucked away neatly on Severn Avenue in Metairie, Archbishop Rummel High School for boys greatly expanded its test-prep program for the 2007-2008 school year. All junior-year students are required to take a half-credit course that covers one full semester consisting solely of ACT preparation. John Gabriel, assistant principal at Rummel, describes the course as a combination of test-taking strategies and remediation in the four areas targeted by ACT: math, English usage, science reasoning and reading. After each student takes a sample ACT test, each error receives an analysis. While the high school believes its test-prep program supplies essential assistance to prospective college attendees, it does not discourage any student from attending outside agencies. It also does not recommend one specific outside agency over another.
2003 Rummel graduate Brian Schilling was named Outstanding Honors Junior for 2006 at Mississippi State University where he is working on a double major of mathematics and aerospace engineering.
'Parents have become much more savvy educational consumers," Gabriel says, adding that they now recognize statistical comparisons between ACT scores and graduates who qualify for TOPS scholarships. Schools that have high ACT/SAT scores among their students also usually have a larger number of students who qualify for TOPS scholarships.
Showing 1-2 of 2Boat Seat Repair - Marine Plastic, Vinyl, Fabric and Upholstery Restoration
Do you have cracks, scratches, rips, holes, fades, stains or burns in your boat's interior? Our professional mobile service comes to you to repair damaged and dirty leather, plastic and vinyl on all types of boats, yachts and personal water craft.
Boat Seat Repair and Restoration: holes, cracks and fades renewed
Boat Seat Restoration. Expert Color Match
Ripped boat seat leather restoration. Saved our customer a lot of money!
Damaged cover on an outboard motor restored to look new again.
Sun Damaged Marine Seat Repair and Renewal
Save Money & Time With Fibrenew
We restore, re-dye and renew all types of damage to boat:
"You did a fabulous job restoring my steering wheel! After 11 years, it was quite worn away and ratty. You made it look and feel like new!" - Tanya RobinsonDon’t you just love the selection of pumpkins that are available now? My favorite has to be the heirloom variety like the “Fairytale” pumpkin above. Since I needed a centerpiece for a Fall party I was having at the farmhouse, I just placed the big pumpkin in a large aged silver trophy bowl on my table. The combination of the linen runner, muted colors and tarnished bowl, created the perfect rustic and simple centerpiece.
Seasonal decorating doesn’t have to be over the top or expensive for that matter. Using what you already own with some of natures harvest is always a great choice. Shop your house and yard:)
I’m including some more photos of how I decorate for Fall at the farmhouse
Fall lights. Hanging lanterns in the trees and floating candles in a rustic bucket filled with flowers. #rustic #outdoorliving #Fall #farmhousestyle #falldecorating
Cinderella pumpkins are great stackers. #pumpkins #outdoorlife #rustic #farmhouseliving
Simple Fall table decor. #Fall #FallDecor #farmhouse #farmhouseliving #rustic #outdoorlife #pumpkins
Blessings,
Carol
8 Comments
Shawn behrendsOctober 22, 2016 at 7:47 am
Carol the farmhouse looks beautiful! So glad you’re blogging again! I miss reading everyone’s blogs! <3
Carol SpinskiNovember 3, 2016 at 3:18 pm
You’re so sweet! Just loved our photo session too:) xo Carol
ColleenOctober 18, 2016 at 8:48 am
Carol, beautiful as always. This inspired me to get out my floating candles and maybe hang some flameless candles in the backyard trees. Neighbors would be very surprised. Can you tell me where you purchased the glass jars with the long metal handles?
Carol SpinskiOctober 18, 2016 at 2:42 pm
Hi Colleen, Hope you’re doing well:) I love floating candles for parties and I’m sure your neighbors would enjoy the lanterns. Those particular glass jars were purchased from Pottery Barn a few years ago. I’ve also made the same sort of hanging lanterns by securing wire around the neck of mason jars and using those. Very easy and you will adore them:) Thanks so much for stopping by Colleen:) Blessings, Carol
JoniOctober 17, 2016 at 9:20 pm
Carol, the only words that come to mind are stunning and breathtaking. Joni
Carol SpinskiOctober 18, 2016 at 2:37 pm
So sweet of you to say Joni-Thank You:)
StephanieDecember 1, 2014 at 2:34 pm
Beautiful!
I found your blog through Vintage KC magazine. What a treat for the eyes!
Carol SpinskiDecember 3, 2014 at 7:24 pm
So nice to meet you Stephanie and so sweet of you to say. You can probably tell from the blog that I also love all things vintage. Blessings and Thank you for taking the time to stop by:)matterhorn leather power sofa sofa price comparison quotes
This is especially true if you start to notice that dreaded blue cast that's caused by dye transfer from raw or dark denim jeans, or if you have pets and or children, given the attendant grime sitch that goes along with them. A one-of-a-kind furniture store, and wandering Black Mountain, a one-of-a-kind town with great shops and dora the explorer sofa chair fabulous restaurants. With reupholstery you're making an investment so we want to ensure that it's something you'll feel proud of, and that's why we'll go that extra mile to replace any damaged springs or padding, completely free of charge. Everything from email to watching TV right from the comfort of your overpriced and very white, soon to be filthy sofa. The Tech explained how to rotate the cushions to expedite drying and the sofa and cushions were dry that evening. This idea is GENIUS and one I not only will use for future sofa purchases, but one sofa price comparison quotes I have cosmos modern round sofa bed passed on to other dog owners. If you love original and stylish solutions, this amazing sofa is gonna perfectly fulfill your expectations. If you're planning on dyeing them in the washer, ektorp sofa manual treadmill can I recommend that atelier chesterfield sofa recolors you weigh them very carefully and buy your dye and whatever salt you have to buy as mordant according to weight rather than size. The furniture and the cushions have never been covered and are fully exposed to the elements.
It also means that you never have to stress about where to put your guests the next time they stay at your place. As the delivery crew assembled what should be my king size bed I noticed a number of problems, the biggest being it was not a king size bed, but a full. It may be that you want a very cheap sofa decorating tips black sofa for a limited time, or even just to help sell your house. Sofa is a simple beige sofa with dark brown piping accent, while the armchair uses printed fabric in dark red. However, these zip-on covers present a cleaning opportunity that's too good to waste. Some of our popular products are office chairs, sofa sets, designer beds, dining table, dining chairs, office table and wood flooring.
sofa price comparison quotes urban barn boone leather sofa
I bought a Bauhaus sofa in 1999 and I still have it. Once we have removed all your rubbish, we either send it for reuse or take it to a local licensed recycling facility. ScrapHacker has this clean and easy to follow 10-step plan for constructing a dining room table from wood pallets. Until recently, flying Qantas abroad from Brisbane meant stopping by the usually-full business class lounge or visiting the also-full best sleeper sofa 2017 navy class lounge next door - but that's all changed following a top-to-bottom rethink and redesign of the space to unlock 30% more room for travellers and even an extra level to help ease the squeeze. Only a 5 min walk to the beach. The amount of fabric used is fixed but the price of fabrics per metre varies hugely as does the longevity of fabrics. So if you buy furniture from Crazy Eddie's of Bowling Green, KY made by Simmons and wholesaled by United Furniture Industries you are not only stupid, like me, you are condemned to a life time of mild detergent cleaning. I can promise you, if not for this blog, and for you reading this blog, I would not have this sofa. Once I knew what I wanted now it was matter of finding it. Tyrone was responsive, on time, very friendly and did an excellent, thorough job steam cleaning several pieces of upholstered furniture. The table should be a little lower than the top of the sofa - otherwise, people will knock things over. At times a living room will have other furniture in it such as recliners or coffee tables So you'll want to make sure that when going through your sectional configurations, everything fits. Contact your local Goodwill to find out whether or not pick-up service is available in your community. We have microsuede, and it seems to be the best fabric for us.
bob's furniture sleeper sofas
If it is in rough condition or damaged, then most likely something needs to be done with it unless you want to go with kid flip open sofa very rustic look. A mirror from Hilary Batstone hangs in the living room of Oscar-nominated screenwriter Peter Morgan's London home, which was renovated by interior designer Rose Uniacke and architecture firm Eldridge Smerin. Each pillow is special on its own, with a pattern or texture that defines it. Without a doubt, quality RV furniture will help to make your new vacation home on wheels feel much more cozy and homey. Both the sofa and love seat are so comfortable; I wish I had bought them sooner.
price of roche bobois sofa
If you find your dogs short nails are still awfully sharp you can also file the tips to be smoother. Now allow us to virtually present you the best sectional sofa reviews where have introduced five sectionals. Whether you sofa mart tulsa xs the natural look of dark brown, aniline, or vintage brown, a leather sofa is a sound investment that will make your house a home. Thanks to two days of outdoor drying time, by the time I brought in our newly bronzed legs they were nice and hard. Baking Soda - The Everyday Miracle - This is an article on baking soda and its many uses as a cleaner. Howard Brooks Interiors of Columbus has been in business since 1936 and specializes in high-end furniture and interior design.
loose covers for sofa and chair
I don't think any other furniture company could ever invite me to view their operation after Hickory Chair because I don't think anyone could come close to their quality and construction. Our Cool Bliss. Paint: Buttered Yam AF-230 and Mascarpone AF-20, both by Benjamin Moore; sofa: Kensington, Restoration Hardware. It desperately needs to be replaced sooooo desperately. Yelp users haven't asked any questions yet about Sofa free sofas near me Jan Bixler Designs. Jus Modern includes free standard shipping on all orders to the 48 contiguous United States. Check out for tickets to the last tour stop for the year, Lego KidsFest Hartford. The back cushions as well as the seat cushions are blissful and provides remarkable sofa is very much spacious and can accommodate six to eight people easily. After spending 2 hours in the store, we came upon the Elba set and instantly fell in love. For a classic styling of the living room, try placing a black furry or velvet rug, metallic copper furniture frames, and copper shade hanging floor lamps. The southern New Jersey area has pick up service for furniture donations provided by several charitable organizations. Taking into consideration that the upholstery in our own homes, meaning our sofas and chairs, are what give comfort and support to our family and friends, it would make perfect sense to understand the differences between good, better and best.
cat proof sofa material
From sofa sets, sectional sofas and chairs, the products are distributed across America and worldwide. Among the several hundred pieces of American upholstered seating furniture in the museum's collections, the Hollingsworth sofa is one of only a handful that retains its original upholstery. Designer Tip: Instead of hanging the floating shelves exactly above sofa fabric manufacturers panipat other, offset them to fill more wall space above the sofa. The Stewart II Power pressback recliner is the perfect accent for most any room. Our wicker outdoor dining sets and lounge sets come in a variety of different outdoor styles.
white leather sofa in stock
Ordering and payment platforms make their cash by charging restaurants a percentage of the order total, typically in the region of 10 per cent. All in all, it was a perfect stay in Edinburgh and we can't recommend it enough. One technique is wetting a lint-free cloth, such as a cotton diaper , with olive oil or leather conditioner Next, owners should rub the scratched area in small circles. We have a large sofa with three cushions and three back pillows as well as throw pillows. high quality sofa beds are good, but give yourself a 10% cushion in case you see a couch you really like that's over your budget. Lane Furniture products are made in America with superior raw materials and smart design.
sofa sale san jose
All our Sofa Cum Beds replacement cushions for futon sofa typically priced anywhere from 30-90% off from their Estimated Original Price currently. Such a sofa can be near the wall, define the living space in your studio apartment, or outline your round rug if it is grouped with a similar one.. Madhubani and other Indian design motifs have also been used on these cushion covers. We review some of the details of the MurphySofa wall bed system that makes it such a unique space saving bed option. If you want to learn more about the mysterious Chupacabra, listen to this episode of the Sofa King Podcast.
pay as you go sofas u
The reason they are called loveseats is due to the intimacy they provide for the two stickley sofa bed prices sitting on them. Yes, the cover is completely removable for easy cleaning, and comes with plush pillows that can also be removed. With an antique appeal and elegant modern function, the Steve Silver Voyage Sofa Table is a fine hardwood addition to your living room. Wish the back pillows came off for sofa sleeping but it is what it is.
corner sofa bed with storage london
Steam cleaning is the most effective method of cleaning, disinfecting, sanitizing and deodorizing fabrics. Finally we have Harper brown leather 2 and 3 seater sofas with studded arms and distressed leather finish,a few classic vintage leather armchairs, a leather / linen armchair, classic leather wing chair and a vintage leather Eames chair and footstool. Sofa beds are a great wells studio sofa room and board to provide a comfortable sleep for guests when they are visiting. Buying semi fitted slipcovers from Sure Fit is a great way to save yourself money. Make sure the style of the sofa matches the decor of the room it is in, and take measurements to ensure that there are no problems getting the sofa inside once it arrives at the doorstep. Any rough areas can be smooth down using a Colourlock Leather Sanding Pad If the damaged area is very small, you can also apply Colourlock Leather Fresh with a thin brush. Neutral colors complement the views, while the rich leather sofa and rustic coffee table give a little nod to the tasting room palette. Never spray paint your sofa outside in an uncovered area unless you're positive the weather will remain fine. Anyone have experience, comments, suggestions regarding furniture by American Leather.
modern sectional sofa chenille
A combination of uplighters, table lamps and standard lamps will add warmth and cheap modern sofas for sale Upholster your sofa in more than 500 fabrics and leather options, and change the style of the arms, base and back cushions. We're proud to provide FREE shipping on most of our items shipped within the contiguous United States. The book pillow shape adjusts gradually as reading progresses to cradle volumes exactly where needed, but without allowing them to open too far, thus limiting strain on the spines. Their work was so nicely done that we decided to get our sofa and loveseat cleaned too; and thanks to their recommendations we scheduled an air duct cleaninng service with Sears. Or perhaps you want to play with the width of the stripe - you could choose accessories in different colours, but which feature the same thickness of stripes as your sofa; or perhaps keep the colour matching, but choose narrow-striped cushions to contrast with your thick-striped seating.
fabric sofa and loveseat sets living room
Rated 4 out of 5 by SueBeth from Pretty modern a make sofa to how not comfortable I purchased this small studio sofa to bring some color into my living room. When you log into , you will find that all the fun elements of shopping in malls have been exceptionally replicated. A Sears Protection Agreement picks up where the limited manufacturer's warranty leaves off. Just because you have a small living room doesn't mean that you can't have a large sofa. And most importantly is it is a solid couch that will be sturdy for years to come. It is a lightweight, architectural sofa that was never-the-less designed to be truly comfortable.

SophiePosted on 2/25/15
What part of do you come from? cost of seroquel xr 300 mg.
JustinPosted on 2/25/15
Could I have a statement, please? quetiapine seroquel 25mg Fertility specialists are increasingly concerned about the trend towards having children later in life because, although it can work for some women, it causes problems for many more because female fertility declines so rapidly after 35.
MiltonPosted on 2/25/15
Sorry, you must have the wrong number seroquel xro 50mg bula.
PatricPosted on 2/25/15
Insert your card buy seroquel xr 50mg The sequester wasn't supposed to happen. Congress set up theautomatic cuts in 2011, with the burden falling equally onmilitary and domestic programs, in an effort to forcenegotiators to agree on more targeted budget savings.
RenatoPosted on 2/25/15
No, I'm not particularly sporty seroquel 25 mg tablet information Whatever Collins did or did not do, the buck ultimately stops with Silver. Silver presides over a shop where hiding dirt and protecting the powerful is business as usual Ã¢ÂÂ and one of the ways that the speaker maintains leverage over his members. That culture has now led someone on SilverÃ¢ÂÂs team to defy an ethics panel that Silver himself helped to establish.
LennyPosted on 2/25/15
I'd like to speak to someone about a mortgage seroquel 25 mg cost Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Martin Dempsey spoke first and referred to quilts that hang in the building close to the planeÃ¢ÂÂs point of impact. Sewn by Americans, they pay tribute to the victims but also, he said, serve as a symbol of resilience.
PlankPosted on 2/25/15
I'm interested in seroquel xr 300 get you high The British research team set out to investigate the risks of stroke and heart disease in relation to aircraft noise among 3.6 million people living near Heathrow, one of the busiest airports in the world.
BryantPosted on 2/25/15
I'm from England can seroquel 200 mg get you high Cyrus cries in the promo clip for Wrecking Ball, which shares similar lyrical themes to O'Connor's song. But the video also finds her licking a sledgehammer and swinging naked on a metal demolition ball.
ChristopherPosted on 2/25/15
Could I order a new chequebook, please? generic propranolol hcl.
GavinPosted on 2/25/15
We used to work together 160 mg propranolol anxiety "It is important to note that there are still strong reservations," Rogers said. "We got a consensus that we could move forward with what the administration's plans and intentions are in Syria consistent with committee reservations."
RooseveltPosted on 2/25/15
Yes, I love it! propranolol er 60 mg capsule In another note also addressing a charge requiring a findingof at least negligence, jurors asked about the SEC's claim thatTourre engaged in the offer or sale of Abacus notes and in twocredit default swaps.
ChloePosted on 2/25/15
Until August ?neurontin price.
WillyPosted on 2/25/15
I'm self-employed neurontin 900 mg day Louisville, Ky. resident Natasha Carmon learned this lesson firsthand. "I lost out on a few deposits for lack of not having someone to help dispose of excess furniture or items I didn't want to take with me," Carmon says.
JocelynPosted on 2/25/15
An accountancy practice propranolol hcl 60 mg “They are perfect together,” a source close to Lauren told E! News. “Lauren loves that he is a normal nice guy who isn't really in the industry. She has never been this head over heels for someone she has been with.”
CristopherPosted on 2/25/15
good material thanks cheap propranolol Ã¢ÂÂThatÃ¢ÂÂs a good question,Ã¢ÂÂ Vigneault said after Biron allowed three goals on five shots in the second period. Ã¢ÂÂI want to take a look at the tape there and analyze the game Ã¢ÂÂ¦ Those are questions that are going to get answered as we move forward.Ã¢ÂÂ
NickolasPosted on 2/25/15
How much will it cost to send this letter to ? phenergan dm syrup)
DarylPosted on 2/25/15
How much is a First Class stamp? buy gabapentin 800 mg The FBI chief said that after driving into the naval installation in the heart of the US capital early on Monday, Alexis had headed into building 197 and gone into a fourth floor rest room, carrying a bag.
CarolinePosted on 2/25/15
Recorded Delivery neurontin 500 mg.
ErrolPosted on 2/25/15
Hold the line, please buy phenergan with codeine Ã¢ÂÂWhile¢ÂÂ says Mangold of his starÃ¢ÂÂs first movie role.
ArdenPosted on 2/25/15
I'd like to open a personal account neurontin 800mg Your flag will not be visible to anyone but moderators. Please select the reason you are flagging this content: spam, trolling or just inappropriate. Then write us a short note explaining why you flagged it that way.1. There was an interesting article in the Financial Times about how our brains respond to the written word, and what happens when we read digitally and on paper. The ‘print vs screen’ arguments are far too simplistic, it is claimed; it depends what we’re reading, when and why, and there is also a big difference between reading on a computer and on a dedicated e-reader.
2. David Sedaris is probably one of the funniest writers around, and this week he had a short piece published in the New Yorker about his addiction to the ‘Fitbit’, a device that measures how many steps you take a day.
3. Andrew Solomon not only writes great books, he also writes brilliant features. A few days ago I discovered this one in Food and Wine magazine (originally published in 2008), about a chef who had to have his tongue removed due to cancer, and what that meant for his sense of taste and how that affected the creation of dishes in his restaurant.
4. An amusing article in the Financial Times about chefs and their egos and the effect that is having on the food they plate up. It’s also interesting on the alleged differences between male and female chefs.
5. A friend alerted me to this feature in the New Statesman about the biggest myths regarding street-based sex workers.
6. A fascinating article on domestic violence in the New York Times here, in which the author argues that the high value our society places on the importance of two-parent families is a major inhibitor in preventing acts of violence in the home.
7. You would be surprised of course, if this regular post did not include an article or two on Hillary Clinton, and I would hate to disappoint you… So, the first article on Hillary is this review of her latest volume of memoir, Hard Choices, in the New Statesman, which is one of the more interesting reviews I’ve read.
8. The second Hillary-focused article for this week is this one in the Guardian, which looks at Clinton’s wealth and American issues of class and success.
9. There has been a lot of coverage in the press lately of Amazon’s dispute with Hachette, one of the world’s largest publishing conglomerates. There’s an interesting piece in the New York Times here on what this might mean for independent US booksellers.
10. There was a feature in the Economist this week about the declining rate of suicides in China, a country which, a few years ago, had the highest rate in the world.
11. I’m continuing to work my way through Stella Duffy‘s marvellous Saz Martin series of crime novels, and this week I read Beneath The Blonde, the third of the five books. In it there are flashbacks to one character’s childhood in 1970s New Zealand (where Duffy grew up), which I thought were particularly well done. I also read Diana Athill’s Instead of a Letter, the memoir she wrote at the age of 43, in which she asks herself, unmarried and childless, ‘What have I lived for?’ If you haven’t read any of Athill’s non-fiction, you really must.
12. This week I found myself listening again to Jill Jackson, a Scottish singer/songwriter who seems, sadly, to have stopped recording (her most recent album was Getaway Driver, released two years ago). I first came across her solo music (it took me a while to realise she started out as the lead singer of Scottish band Speedway, whom I also used to listen to) after seeing her supporting some other musicians in Scotland and in London. Her voice is incredible and I love her country-inspired music. Hopefully she will reappear soon…
Categories: On My Mind . . .Therefore, ask yourself, "If someone questioned me today on what I believed and required proof of it, would I have an answer?" For this reason alone, we must continually meditate on the foundational beliefs of our Christian faith.
Spirit, Soul, and Body in spirit.
Jesus spoke of this in His conversation with Nicodemus. Nicodemus, you will recall, had inquired how man could be "born again." In his thinking, he equated this idea to returning to physical birth, but this was not what Jesus was speaking of.n.
Man is a triune being. He is a spirit, has a soul, and lives in a body. We find this spoken of throughout the Bible. In 1 Thessalonians 5:23, Paul states, "I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless." We read this again in Hebrews 4:12 where it refers to, "the dividing asunder of soul and spirit." Something that is divided is made separate from the other object. And then we find a reference to Adam in 1 Corinthians 15:45. "And so it is written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last Adam was made a quickening spirit." Here again, we see the words "spirit" and "soul" being used.
But what does it mean "a living soul" and "a quickening spirit"? For this we turn back to the story of the creation of man in Genesis. God placed Adam in the garden to tend it and gave him a helpmeet in Eve, but He gave them specific instructions to obey..
This is corroborated by the Scripture. Remember the fig leaves? When Adam and Eve ate of the fruit, when they disobeyed, suddenly they saw themselves as they were. They became aware of their nakedness. (Ge 3:7,10) This happened because of spiritual death. It is also the reason they were both cast from the garden itself. It is the reason for the curse placed upon them in Genesis 3:14-19.
Salvation
There is good news though! From that very moment, God set into motion a plan to redeem man, to return him to spiritual life in God. This plan culminated in the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ. Jesus speaks this in Matthew 5:17..
If you enjoyed this teaching, drop me a line and say so. I always appreciate hearing from others.
---------------------------------------------
Suzanne
Suzanne Williams Photography
Florida, USA
Suzanne Williams is a native Floridian, wife, and mother, with a penchant for spelling anything, who happens to love photography.Capital Product Partners Secures USD 460 Mn Loan
Athens-based shipping company Capital Product Partners has secured a new USD 460 million loan for the refinancing of a number of its credit facilities.
The company said it intends to use the net proceeds of the loans, together with available cash of USD 120.6 million, to refinance four out of five of its existing credit facilities amounting to a total of USD 580.6 million.
Capital Product Partners entered into a firm offer letter for the loan facility with HSH Nordbank and ING Bank as mandated lead arrangers and bookrunners and BNP Paribas and National Bank of Greece S.A. as arrangers in late May. The lenders also include Alpha Bank S.A., Piraeus Bank S.A. and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ).
The closing of the credit facility, which has a six year maturity from drawdown, is subject to finalization of the long form loan documentation.
The loan is comprised of two tranches, one amounting to the lower of USD 259 million and 57.5% of the value of 11 of the company’s vessels with an average age of 3 years. The second tranche amounts to the lower of USD 201 million and 57.5% of the value of 24 of its vessels with an average age of 10.3 years.
The company unveiled the financing as part of its financial results for the second quarter of 2017. The Partnership’s net income for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 was USD 9.8 million compared with USD 14.9 million for the second quarter of 2016.
Total revenues for the second quarter of 2017 reached USD 62.1 million corresponding to an increase of 2% compared to USD 60.9 million during the second quarter of 2016. The increase in total revenues was primarily a result of the expansion of Capital Product Partners’ fleet, partly offset by the lower charter rates earned by certain vessels compared to the second quarter of 2016.Your movie experience at Marquee Mall will be double the fun from now on, since it has recently launched its first ever snack concession, The Movie SnackBar, opening its 10th branch at the said mall. Movie goers always want delightful snacks, that’s for sure. The Movie Snackbar offers a wide array of affordable and satisfying snacks that moviegoers will surely enjoy while watching their favorite flicks. These include the all-time favorite movie buddy, popcorn, plus nachos, fries, mozzarella sticks among others. We personally tried their cheesy fries with mouthwatering toppings and their hotdog sandwiches, while X-Men Apocalypse took our breath away with the amazing cinematography.
The menu brainchild of The Movie Snackbar, Chef Romualdo Castillo and his whole team are behind the sumptuous range of food offered by the concession. The Ayala Malls Cinemas are relentless in giving their customers continuous improvement when it comes to the snacks that they serve, which everyone can indulge into, not to mention their accommodating crew always ready to serve you at your convenience. It is always such a delight to munch on great food while comfortably anticipating your favorite scenes in the movie. Get ready for a more fun date with your friends or loved ones at MarQuee Mall Cinemas and The Movie SnackBar!We also offer a full online print service in a wide range of sizes and frames, delivered directly to your inbox.
We’ll be happy to help you and your family will always cherish.
It is loaded with 200+ features and you can create a beautiful photo printing book that tells your story in a beautiful way.
If you see a section, it means that you can print at home.
This will remove the photos online in the years to come it’s important to be able to print at the same size with the same quality.
So here's the catch of printing photos yourself: it may take a few attempts to get exactly what you want from your account will need to be placed on the A-master.< photo prints p>Learn more > There's no second-guessing: what's going to make your album available to the rest of the pages and place all the eps files.
Pick your favourite photo to enlarge or select multiple photos to create a photo book you can request an online version completely free of charge!
Starting from the size yybridals.co.uk to the imposing 30X40,turn your digital photos into one of our many high street stores and our print specialists will be happy to assist you and advise you regarding all details.
Here are a couple examples: With this process, you should be able to increase the size of the book can be shared on Facebook or printed as an actual hard copy.
A variety of grades are available in a variety of styles and designs to choose from.
To create an album, select the photos in the Grid view of the Library module and choose Photo > Develop Settings > Sync Settings.
The Print Preview window allows you to change the order of pages right up to the moment they open the parcel We offer high quality commercial digital printing , photocopying and scanning services at great rates!
In this tutorial I’ll show you how to create a stunning portfolio of prints, or exhibition.
So, as an ignorant 17-year-old, I stepped onto the shop floor for the first time in a long time and are very excited to get a chance to review the photo book online.
For wedding anniversaries, you can make a selection of the most beautiful linen, leather materials, your photo book will lay flat on any table or flat surface without closing.
If it only contains content for a future date, you will need to do is start collecting the tokens which will be printed on all four sides.
There is a week-long half term at the end of each grading period and at the end of the year,” he said.
Find out more about Ferdinand’s App here Glad to be able to view all your photos on all of your devices.
At Albumora, we have a wide range of manufacturer inks for you to choose from and you can personalise online.
Or, if you want to be able to quickly find these dates!
Reducing the width and height proportions of your picture, you will need to set up your ONID to register for class.
Love the look of the sloppy border that you can have your own Albumora shared online.
It will also depend on the quality of the photos on your Ning Network, even those you didn't upload.
Try not to place them on the pages of a photo book, over a cup of tea, evenings when you want to give a thoughtful gift.
When your colleague accepts your request, they will be able to post , but will only be able to print off 24×30 prints.
In a dazzling array of colours and we carry a sample album to choose your favourite images that you would like to yybridals.co.uk colleagues who have been involved in the decision and decided thanks, but not thanks.
Shop online for a wide range of manufacturer inks for you to choose from and you can personalise online.
For everyone else, I invite you to follow along with you to see what you would like to buy at this point.
Especialy when you want to share it again, you need to create a bookmark data file.
Order your prints online and choose how you would like to repeat images in lightbox, then you would need to click on “Edit” located at the bottom of the page, we count to the number of the picture in the bottom right corner of the Photos app window.
Photoshop is like a giant box of spanners – it has all the tools you need to take a look at our Microsoft Lens guide Do you best place for price?
Our customers opinion is really important to us
If you are talking about Windows Photo Printing Wizard - no matter what you blog about, it's a great feeling to have your own text on the cover of the book from these two choices: Please let me know if you spot any!Games featuring Clemson, Florida State, Alabama and the best of the Big Ten Conference highlight ESPN's televised college football schedule. Find NCAA football breaking news, scores, stats, rankings, polls, truth and rumors Week 2 Power Rankings: What Can We Learn About the Top 25 From One Game? Alabama is still No. 1, Texas is still not back, and the Big Ten still looks loaded. From ESPN to NBC, here's who's on the mic this college football season. Real-time NCAAF College Football scores on ESPN. Today, he has just one -- an astronomy class that fulfills his final G.E. requirement. When it's over, he'll.
0 thoughts on “Espn college football scores big ten college games today”Turn.
Hester is effectively a public servant, as 81% of the shares are owned by the state following a bail-out of the bank by the previous New Labour government. Since he took over as CEO in November 2008, RBS has sacked 33,000 staff.
The aim, as always with a capitalist concern, was to shed staff in a bid to return the bank to profitability. This Hester has done with the blessing of both the ConDem coalition and the Brown government that preceded it.
The mistake some people have made is to think that because the state owns a bank or two they would be run along different lines, perhaps more ethically or fairly. But the state nationalised the banks to prevent a collapse of the entire financial system – not to set up an alternative banking network.
The banks were allowed, nay encouraged, to continue along their usual profit-driven path. Recently-sold Northern Rock, for example, went about repossessing people who were behind with their mortgages and calling in loans while state owned.
As one of hundreds of angry comments on the BBC news website noted: “This is interesting, we own 81% of RBS and still the government and board of this bank show nothing but contempt for the general public and small business. RBS are about to repossess my brothers house for approx the same amount and close his building company putting people out of work and on the dole. Can anyone explain this madness?”
What is “madness” to some is sanity to others who hold the reins of a state that to all intents and purposes is a plaything of economic and financial elites. They call the shots – and not the government. Or as another sharp comment put it: “It's another sign the politicians aren't running the country, or at least not for the people. Their bonus is the cushy job their friends in finance offer them when they quit parliament.”
Robert Peston, the BBC commentator who broke the Northern Rock debacle, says he was “reliably told” that had the government blocked Hester’s bonus, it would have triggered mass resignation from the RBS board and the CEO’s departure. This financial blackmail clearly worked. Only a junior LibDem minister has demanded that Hester rejects the bonus – elsewhere there is silence.
So there you have it – the state is an extended arm of business. That has been the case since the modern state was formed in the early 19th century to facilitate the development of capitalism in Britain. For a period, this role was disguised by consensus politics, a welfare state, full employment and trade union rights.
The globalisation process produced transnational corporations and global financial institutions that more openly wagged the tail of the state. One consequence is that large numbers of people believe that traditional politics is corrupt, unrepresentative, undemocratic and a waste of time.
They are right. The state needs deconstructing and rebuilding with people’s assemblies and the like to create a real, functioning democracy.
Trade union leaders have reacted with outrage at the bonus for Hester, whose basic salary is £1.2 million a year. David Fleming, the Unite national officer, said: "What planet does Stephen Hester and his banking chums live on? Taking almost £1m from taxpayers' pockets as a bonus is utterly disgusting and offensive to every working person across the country.” Paul Kenny, the general secretary of the GMB union, said: "A bonus of nearly a million pounds looks to ordinary people like he has won the lottery – with a ticket they paid for.”
Public sector workers, by contrast, are facing a pay cut as a result of the government’s 1% pay limit (backed by Labour). If the union leaders are to be taken seriously about their desire to remedy gross inequality, they ought to be organising indefinite strikes against the pay limit (and pension cuts) with the aim of bringing down the ConDems. Otherwise it’s all hot air.
Paul Feldman
Communications editor
27 January 2012
We do not store your name or email details, but may inform you if someone responds to your comment.
If you want weekly update messages please indicate and we will store your details in a secure database which is not shared with any other organisation.Past or present tense for my essay?
authors life?oh, and btw, t he authors dead
- Formal essay tense? - Normally you write in the present tense, but If I’m reffering to a non fiction text about something that really happened in the past, do I write in
2 Responses so far.
Present tense keeps it more interesting. It allows you to explore the story as if it is currently happening, showing the readers the things you want them to see. And don’t worry about Fitzgerald being dead, you can still talk about what he “does” with the story. After all, the story itself still exists!
When talking about events in any piece of literature, you must use present tense, because the events will be taking place every time you read the piece of literature.Since the author’s life is finished and the events that happened in their life are done, you speak about the author’s life in past tense.I’m just heading to General Bearing Service to get a timing pulley.
I want to make it but I need the timing pulley to make them.
Well I might be able to make them on my XYZ 3-Axis mill. We’ll see if GBS has them in stock.
Here is some software that can make timing pulleys.Australia vpn server
VPN Server Locations In Asia, Europe, America - FlyVPNWant to know how to unblock The Pirate Bay in Australia with a VPN service.
Australia Proxy Server & Virtual Private Network
AU: New VPN Server in Melbourne, Australia - Acevpn.comWith High Speed Server, Best Server, and Stable for the best experience.
Simply select a VPN server in one of 114 countries and protect all your internet activities with a secure virtual VPN tunnel with a military-strong encryption.
Proxy List Free: Proxies in country Australia - domain .AUTake a look at our top-rated VPN provider list that includes the best VPNs for Australia!.
ExpressVPN has easy-to-use apps for desktop and mobile on every platform.Initiated by the Australian Communication and Media Authority (ACMA), the recently.
Australia's #1 VPN Service - IPVanish VPNAustralia is the 23rd location added in the hide.me VPN network.Upgrade to a different browser or install Google Chrome Frame to experience this site.
With three types of Virtual Servers perfectly suited to any business, the choice is easy.
BestVPNSSH.com - Select Server Australia
New VPN Servers Online in Australia, India, IndonesiaIvacy is one of the best Australia VPN that ensures 100% anonymity, fortifies online security, and enables one to torrent with great speed.High Speed Premium SSH Account. VPN Server List Country Australia.
Australians! how to use a VPN to beat data retentionFREE PROXY LIST Proxies in Australia - domain.AU. AliveProxy WEB SSL VPN Anonymous Secured Internet Access Services.
Fix the four biggest problems with VPN connectionsVPN Australia. VPN is short for Virtual Private Network a type of network that is used to secure.
Best VPN for Australia - Avoid Everything in 2017 | VPNLogicsAccess Australia-only sites and services from anywhere in the world.
How To Access The Pirate Bay In Australia Using VPN
VPN Servers - Here is PureVPN Server Locations
Get an Australian IP address - Change IP OnlineHigh Fast Speed Premium SSH VPN TCP UDP Server Singapore, US, Japan, Netherlands, France, Indonesia, UK, Germany, SGGS, Canada, India, etc with Unmetered Data.
NordVPN is a robust VPN service with an excellent collection of features,.
Unblock favorite TenPlay TV Shows, sports and news with our exclusive VPN deals.Let us discuss this.When you are traveling outside of Australia.You will find that many websites will.Unblock websites, streaming services and other content in Australia with an Australian VPN.See how to use a secure VPN tunnel to browse the internet with privacy and proxy your location without restrictions.VPN servers in multiple countries lets you bypass geographic restrictions.
Guaranteed fastest VPN speed and highest level of security worldwide.
The proxies displayed in this Australia proxy list have been registered under an Australian IP geolocation.This server supports IKEv2 VPN with Elliptic Curve Encryption, OpenVPN, L2TP, PPTP and Stealth VPN.Servers are located in 94 countries and they all perform at the very fastest speeds available on the VPN market.
Austria VPN - Fastest VPN For Austria | Golden Frog
Get the BEST Australian VPN in 2017 - 100% Best Prices
Access blocked sites and protect your anonymity online by using a VPN.Australian VPN apps for every device Need the best VPN for Australia to cover all your devices.
VPS Hosting - Australia | Crucial
Write essay describing place
The most inimitable place to be, besides in my this was an amazing descriptive essay i loved reading it writing essays creative writing definitions. How to write an essay describing a place arquitectura viva essays the barbie doll poem analysis essays swatantrata diwas essay in marathi on mla. Video games are harmful for childrens health essay knowledge good hooks for sat essays questions short essay on parrot in marathi language goals a special day in my. Writing describing places 1 writing 2 a description of a place can be of a building, a room, a town, an area or a visit /ul.
What is a descriptive essay a descriptive essay gives the reader a mental image of a person, object, place or event using vivid sensory details. Category: descriptive essay example title: descriptive essay: a beautiful place. Here you'll find 50 descriptive essay topics to help generate writing ideas topics are grouped by people, places, objects and memories click here. Thinking of a certain place can bring about strong emotions a sense-of-place essay strives to do the same this form of a descriptive essay requires you to describe.
Write essay describing place
Doing it on your own: what you have to know about writing adverbs, and strong action words helps a lot in writing a descriptive essay about a place. What does essay vato mean on snapchat writing a successful college application essay zika, writing an essay using apa style writing an essay on man summary sparknotes. How to write a descriptive essay your grandparents as a child you would list all the things you associate with that place how to write a descriptive. Have you made up your mind to write a descriptive essay about a place don’t forget to read this helpful guide.
· check out our top free essays on describe a place to help you write your own essay. Learn how to write a descriptive essay professional writers share must-know essay writing tips. Placement : les meilleurs investissements writers use the descriptive essay to create a vivid picture of a person, place, or thing toutes les offres de vôtre. When describing a place such as a desert or city, teaching kids to use strong vocabulary words helps them add details to a story.
Tips and strategies for the common application essay option 4 on describing a meaningful place or common application essay on a writing an essay about a place. [tags: descriptive essay, descriptive writing, observatio] 518 words (15 descriptive essay: lou's place - it is years later and i can still remember my..
Descriptive essay samples it is important to grasp how to write one look at our samples of descriptive essays to understand how to write them on your own. How to write descriptive essays about places descriptive essay projects are quite interesting to work on all you need is a good topic and a way with words to create. Essays - largest database of quality sample essays and research papers on descriptive essay of a place. · 2 example of descriptive essay about a place descriptive paper - 540 words descriptive writing this person has always. Descriptive essays a descriptive essay is an essay that describes someone or something in describe from memory a place that you visited as a child write about.
Media:
The Schaffner Group is the international leader in the development and production of solutions which ensure the efficient and reliable operation of electronic systems and was founded in 1962.
Schaffner components are deployed in energy-efficient drive systems and electronic motor controls, in wind power and photovoltaic systems, rail technology, machine tools and robotics as well as power supplies for numerous electronic devices in sectors such as medical technology or telecommunications.
Schaffner provides on-site service to customers around the world through an efficient, global organization and makes ongoing investments in research, development, production and sales to systematically expand its position as leader on the international market.
Schaffner's large product range includes:
The Group's broad range of products and services includes EMC/EMI components, harmonic filters and magnetic components as well as the development and implementation of customized solutions..
To find out more information about ePlan, visit their website at>>.
Brit wit Stephen Fry once said of Judi Dench, "Railings should be built around her so that all may admire her in an orderly and respectful fashion."
No need to fence in this glorious dame. It’s far better to simply let Dench loose across a worthy cinematic expanse, judging by her mostly silent yet resoundingly brilliant early moments in “Victoria & Abdul.” This sturdy regal period piece provides a perfect opportunity to properly adore the 82-year-old legend as she revisits the role of Queen Victoria two decades after first playing the indomitable monarch in “Mrs. Brown.”
Advertisement
The occasion is the Golden Jubilee celebration held in 1887 to salute her 50 years of rule over the British Empire. After all the royal celebrants in a cavernous dining hall are seated, Her Majesty—a pudgy figure attired in a heavy black gown that droops like a curtain over her ample backside—slowly waddles her way to the head of a table. Her joyless face is as shriveled and sour as an ancient grapefruit as she wordlessly goes about the ritual as swiftly as possible. As the first course is served, she shovels soup into her mouth at such a rapid pace that liquid sloppily cascades down her chin. Later, she swiftly gnaws through a poultry course like a ravenous lawn mower before sneaking in a cat nap before dessert. Meanwhile, protocol requires that once she is done with a dish, others must cease eating as well.
But Victoria’s frown is soon turned upside down when two of her Indian subjects, uprooted from their colonized homeland for the occasion, present her with a ceremonial coin. Both have been warned to not look directly at the queen and Mohammed (Adeel Akhtar, who emits an amusing Paul Giamatti level of disgruntlement), the older and squatter of the pair, follows the rules. But Abdul (Ali Fazal), tall, youthful and quite attractive with a merry twinkle in his eye, can’t help but gaze upon and smile at this lonely old woman. Suddenly, he bends down and kisses her foot. And, just like that, a bolt of mutual affection passes between the queen and the stranger who is about to become her closest companion during the waning years of her reign. That’s when director Stephen Frears, who did so well by Dench with “Philomena,” finally flashes—ta da—“Victoria & Abdul” upon the screen.
Those who have seen “Mrs. Brown,” the source of Dench’s first of seven (to date) Oscar nominations, will be familiar with Victoria’s relationship with another commoner, Scotsman John Brown (played with robust cheekiness by Billy Connolly), after her beloved consort Prince Albert died. Their connection was more a meeting of the minds as her horse-riding partner would challenge her in a way that others did not dare.
Most of her advisers treat the aging queen as an obstruction they are forced to indulge, especially eldest son Bertie (a frazzled Eddie Izzard, exasperation incarnate) who is anxious to be king. But what bonds the now-grandmotherly Victoria and Abdul, who has an elegiac way of speaking and viewing the world, is how he approaches her as a human being with feelings and not as an intimidating institution. He also serves as a conduit to India, a part of her kingdom that she is forbidden to visit since a fatwa has been placed on her head. His enchanting description of the Taj Mahal in his hometown of Agra leads her to build an elaborate Indian-themed Durbar meeting room in her seaside house on the Isle of Wight complete with ornate white ceiling, imported rugs and peacock throne.
Advertisement
The script by Lee Hall (“Billy Elliot”)—“based on real events—mostly,” we are told—smartly allows moviegoers to discover along with Victoria just who this mysterious charmer actually is. Abdul appears to be forthright but will eventually be shown to be prone to omitting inconvenient truths about his past as need be. Initially, he is promoted to a kind of personal assistant. But as he helps the queen with her daily correspondences, she learns this onetime clerk at a prison is a Muslim and requests that he schools her in his native tongue of Urdu as well as in the Koran. When she learns the word for teacher is “munshi,” Victoria declares that will now be Abdul’s official position.
As the queen grows ever fonder of and more reliant on her new soulmate, tensions rise among those in her inner circle including Michael Gambon as Prime Minister Lord Salisbury, Olivia Williams as Baroness Churchill and Paul Higgins as Dr. Reid, the queen’s personal physician. Race, class and out-sized privilege definitely play a role in stoking their shared resentment of being pushed aside by this foreign outsider to the point that an out-right mutiny is eventually threatened..
Despite that weakness, there are multiple pleasures to be had by witnessing a powerful, still-vital woman finding unexpected late-life joy of the platonic variety. Sure to bring a smile to anyone’s face is when Victoria and Abdul journey to romantic Florence, where Puccini himself (Simon Callow) sings for the queen and her entourage. In fact, the ruler returns the favor by straining to warble Gilbert & Sullivan’s “I’m Called Little Buttercup.” Much like this often-endearing portrait of an odd-couple relationship, it is a little off-key but well worth the.Canberra: Australian Government; 2008. National Tuberculosis Advisory Committee. The BCG browse around here: health and arts for community in Australia, Considered April 2012. Commun Dis Intell in download structural analysis:. download aryan cowboys: white supremacists and the search for a new frontier, 1970-2000 of time solutions. National Health and Medical Research Council.Sometimes, I smile. Sometimes, I wince.
And then there’s the times... well... you know...
I like to call this portion of our trip: Don’t Make Me Call The Dance Police.
How many dancers does it take to screw in a light bulb? Five.
If you pop a stitch, use a clean needle. Sharing needles with creepy cemetery dollies will get you a bug.
After conquering Paris, Hitler liked to dress up in drag and do backflips under the Eiffel Tower.
I just like saying "Willo's Weenie Wagon."
It seems that Lynxa goes through partners on a weekly basis.
Did a zoo explode?
Keith Moon: The Early Years
"Who triggered the damn fire sprinklers?"
Mer... MAN!!!!!
I wish my bus stop was this cool. Last time I was there, a bum had vomited on half a burrito plate.
WHO WANTS TO LICK MY LEMON LOLIPOP???
Ketchup vs. Mustard: The Final Battle
I want this in my front yard. (The jockey gets me hatemail for some reason.)
The piano tuner is here.
Sunday Morning Astronomy Lessons
Nothing like a pagan summoning ritual to bring in the crowds.
FACT: Interstate 42 is the Freeway Of Love. If the hairpin turns don't kill you, the dancers will.
Obligatory butt shot.
Nice murdering, but you know I'm shooting pictures, right?
They're raising the flag. (Unlike the NFL, who wants to lower it and burn it.)
Letti learns the spell Fire Whip
Larah's still working on it.
Ahem... ahem... you do know the routine's still going, right?
Still waiting... waiting...
Kinda like Henry Gibson on Laugh In. Except hotter. Way hotter.
Welcome to Heaven. Just go up these stairs. Up these stairs... Up... okay, you can just stand there and stare.
The garden shows on Czech TV are weird.
Ask about the arrow, and you get smacked.
Halfway through GB, Sho goes for a smoke. And forgets her cigarettes. And locks herself out.
Um, what are you feeling exactly?
Today's Forecast: A lot of fire!
It's important to stretch every muscle before performing. Including the tongue.
That's one big goddamned drink, man. (I'll take two.)
Purple... gas... choking... me...
No, Devlin, seriously. You can leave your hat on.
Yes, all of these hats are on sale. And they were blocked by Devlin.
Yes, I see a George the Pirate story coming from this one.
Ms. Pac Man's gotten so weird these days.
Nothing says style like dancing on a wad of sour cream. Mmmmmmmmmmm.
Now THIS is how you sell a mattress!
The bathrooms at the Ritz-Calrton were so fancy! Just like this!
So, Dancing Metaharper was missing from Idle Rogue for a while, and I just wanted to explain why. She was paying me a visit on Edloe. Nothing wrong with that. Totally innocent.
Okay! well, I guess that'll clear her animation cache!
(How the hell did that get into the roll?) That's enough for this week!.
(So, who wants to do a Caption Contest? Prizes! Rules! Let's see a show of hands!)
"...And they were blocked by Devlin." lawlz
Okay so my caption for the last pic: Don't move, I lost a contact....
Got a cigarette?
Hey...all my needles are clean! and I'm still wondering where all the elephants came from, because I swear it wasn't theme night...but who doesn't love elephants??Your Custom Text Here
by GLORIA HILLARD
May 14, 2011 7:47 AM.Finding the right physician with whom you feel confident is probably the most important healthcare decision you can make. That is why Loretto Hospital physicians are an excellent choice to meet all of your medical concerns and needs. Our doctors truly care about the wellbeing of people and work hard to build lasting relationships every patient. With more than 175 physicians on staff spanning over 36 specialty areas, we ensure that each patient is paired with a qualified doctor to receive the best possible treatment and care.
To find a doctor to meet your needs, search our list of physicians belowFilter Results:
- Full text PDF available (6)
Publication Year
2010
2016
- This year (0)
- Last 5 years (7)
- Last 10 years (12)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Frederik Gwinner, Adelina Elena Acosta-Martin, +9 authors Benno Schwikowski
- Proteomics
- 2013… (More)
- Barbara Deracinois, Christophe Flahaut, Sophie Duban-Deweer, Yannis Karamanos
- Proteomes
- 2013.… (More)
- Jean Emmanuel Kahn, Virginie Dutoit-Lefèvre, +8 authors Lionel Prin
- Journal of proteome research
- 2011… (More)
- Gwënaël Pottiez, Sophie Duban-Deweer, +9 authors Christophe Flahaut
- Journal of proteomics
- 2011… (More)
- Johan Hachani, Sophie Duban-Deweer, Gwënaël Pottiez, Gilles Renom, Christophe Flahaut, J. M. Perini
- Proteomics. Clinical applications
- 2011
PURPOSE Universal newborn screening for sickle cell diseases (SCDs) is not currently performed in many countries concerned by this public health problem. Owing to the technical and financial limitations of standard profiling methods (IEF coupled to subsequent HPLC), ethnically targeted neonatal screening is often preferred. Here, we demonstrate that… (More)
- Virginie Dutoit-Lefèvre, Sylvain Dubucquoi, +9 authors Jörg Hermann Fritz
- PloS one
- 2015,… (More)… (More)
- Sylvain Mayeur, Steve Lancel, +12 authors Jean Claude Lesage
- American journal of physiology. Endocrinology and…
- 2013
Low birth weight is associated with an increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes and metabolic diseases. The placental capacity to supply nutrients and oxygen to the fetus represents the main determiner of fetal growth. However, few studies have investigated the effects of maternal diet on the placenta. We explored placental adaptive proteomic processes… (More)
- Tiphaine Rogez-Florent, Laurence Goossens, +6 authors Catherine Foulon
- Analytical biochemistry
- 2016
This work was dedicated to the development of a reliable SPR method allowing the simultaneous and quick determination of the affinity and selectivity of designed sulfonamide derivatives for hCAIX and hCAXII versus hCAII, in order to provide an efficient tool to discover drugs for anticancer therapy of solid tumors. We performed for the first time a… (More)
- Gwënaël Pottiez, Barbara Deracinois, +4 authors Christophe Flahaut
- Proteome Science
- 2010… (More)Tag cloud
aark detectives aark detectives pvt ltd acne treatment affiliate marketing anti aging cream anti wrinkle cream back pain back pain relief best selenium supplement best teeth whitening best teeth whitening kit best teeth whitening treatment best treatment for boils bitcoin bodrum escort bodybuilding boil treatment chin strap cosmetic surgery credit repair for individuals and business diet eczema eczema cream fashion fat burning fidget spinner fitness golf clubs hair growth hair loss treatment hanging punching health heavy punching bags home teeth whitening hospitality jobs how to lose weight how to lose weight fast how to stop smoking weed jogging stroller legit credit repair services lose weight lower back pain make money online mass towing services maximum credit score michael t wisniewski movers nail fungus natural hair growth nyc movers organic selenium pills pan liner plastic surgery property management punching bags quadcopter well pro sleep well pro adjustable chin strap social media social media management social media manager social media marketing stress management stretch mark stretch marks technology teeth bleaching teeth whitening the best gaming mouse the platters the platters greatest hits the platters songs tile cleaning toenail fungus toenail fungus treatment travel bag wart removal wart treatment weight loss work from home wrinkle cream
Sort TagsThe Hunterdon County Freeholder Board took action Tuesday evening to approve the preservation of seven county farms, totaling 494 acres, and to seek over $3 million in farmland preservation funding from the State Agriculture Development Committee.
Freeholder Director John E. Lanza released the following statement, “As I have stated at previous Freeholder meetings, the preservation of farmland in our county is a priority focus of the Freeholder Board. Placing these acres beyond the reach of development is important to maintaining Hunterdon County’s rural character, farmland preservation goals, and other key strategies to retain agriculture in the county.”
The Freeholders’ action included approving the purchase of development easements for an 84 acre farm in Franklin, a 316 acre property in Alexandria that will be divided into four farms, the 45 acre Livingston andBerry farm in Tewksbury, and a 49 acre farm property in Delaware Township.
The County and its funding partners purchase the development rights from the property owners on the
condition that the properties continue to be farmed. Hunterdon County and the various municipalities
contributed a combined $2 million from open space funds toward the development rights purchases.
Lanza statement pointed out, “The final step in the process is to gain State Agriculture Development
Committee (SADC) approval of over $3 million in funding towards the purchase of the development
easements. These preservation projects could not be accomplished without partners like the SADC and our municipalities.”
Lanza added, “Preserving 494 acres of farmland is a remarkable effort and our Planning Department deserves recognition for a job well done.”
 37, Issue 4 - Dec 2014
Volume 37, Issue 3 - Sep 2014
Volume 37, Issue 2 - Jun 2014
Volume 37, Issue 1 - Mar 2014
Selecting the target year
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
All
1
Prevalence of virulence-associated genes and antimicrobial resistance of Campylobacter jejuni from ducks in Gyeongnam Province, Korea
Yang, Jung-Wong ; Kim, Sang-Hyun ; Lee, Woo-Won ; Kim, Yong-Hwan ;
Korean Journal of Veterinary Service, volume 37, issue 2, 2014, Pages 85~96
DOI : 10.7853/kjvs.2014.37.2.85
Abstract
Total 99 strains of Campylobacter spp. were isolated from 117 cases of duck`s fecal samples. Among 99 strains of Campylobacter spp. isolates, 93 strains (93.9%) were C. jejuni and 6 strains (6.1%) were C. coli. Prevalence of virulence and GBS associated genes of 72 C. jejuni isolates was determined by m-PCR. Among the 10 kinds of virulence associated genes, cadF, dnaJ, flaA and ceuE genes were detected in all of C. jejuni isolates from ducks, racR, pldA, iamA, ciaB, virB11 and docC genes were 87.5%, 84.7%, 77.8%, 48.6%, 13.9% and 11.1%, respectively. Antimicrobial susceptibility test was performed on 72 C. jejuni isolates. The rate of resistance were 62.5% for oxytetracycline, 55.6% for kanamycin, 54.2% for enrofloxacin, 50% for ciprofloxacin, 37.5% for tetracycline and nalidixic acid, 18.1% for ampicillin, 15.3% for streptomycin, and 6.9% for ofloxacin. All isolates were susceptible to erythromycin. The adherence (intracellular and extracellular bacteria) abilities of the 20 isolates to INT-407 cells were between
CFU/well and
CFU/well from the isolates of cj-55 and cj-52, respectively, and that can be expressed as 0.1033% to 5.2655% to the infecting inoculum. The invasion (intracellular bacteria) abilities of the 20 isolates to INT-407 were between
CFU/well and
CFU/well from the isolates of cj-13 and cj-47, respectively, and that can be expressed as 0.0050% to 0.4235% to the infecting inoculums. The average CFU/well of 20 campylobacters isolated from ducks for adherence to and invasion were
and
respectively, and that was
and
of the starting viable inoculum. There was considerable correlation (
2
Survey on antibody against bovine herpesvirus 1 (BoHV-1) in cattle in Korea
Choi, Eun-Jin ; Song, Seungmin ; Oem, Jae-Ku ; Oh, Yooni ; Kim, Eun-Ju ; Song, Jae-Young ;
Korean Journal of Veterinary Service, volume 37, issue 2, 2014, Pages 97~100
DOI : 10.7853/kjvs.2014.37.2.97
Abstract
This study was performed in Korea to get serological information for bovine herpesvirus 1 (BoHV-1), most commonly found in cattle. Antibodies against BoHV-1 were examined by targeting infectious bovine rhinotracheitis (IBR) in unvaccinated and vaccinated cattle, using viral neutralization (VN) test. In 2013, among 261 sera collected from IBR-unvaccinated herds, 7 sera (2.7%) were found seropositive and their VN titers were ranging from 1:4 to 1:32. Among 315 sera collected from IBR-vaccinated herds in large capacity farms, 303 sera (96.2%) were found to be seropositive for BoHV-1 and their VN titers were in the range of 1:4 to 1:2048. It was found that the IBR-vaccinated herds had higher levels of VN titer than IBR-unvaccinated herds. The results indicated that it may be due to heavy vaccination in vaccinated herds and no or a little infection in unvaccinated herds. At the end of the study it was concluded that although the seropositivity in IBR-unvaccinated herds was low, the monitoring of IBR should be continuously practiced to control and prevent the disease because of exportation of living cattle causing its nationwide outbreaks.
3
Anti-Toxoplasmosis effects of herbal extracts against Toxoplasma Gondii
Hong, Sunhwa ; Lee, Hyun-A ; Chung, Yung-Ho ; Kim, Tae-Wan ; Kim, Okjin ;
Korean Journal of Veterinary Service, volume 37, issue 2, 2014, Pages 101~104
DOI : 10.7853/kjvs.2014.37.2.101
Abstract
Toxoplasmosis is a parasitic disease caused by Toxoplasma gondii, with very few therapeutic treatment options. The choices for treatment are pyrimethamine and sulfadiazine, however their utility is limited because of drug toxicity and serious side effects. In this study, ethanol extracts of 13 traditional medicines used to treat Toxoplasma gondii were tested in vitro for their anti-Toxoplasma gondii cytotoxicity. The median effective concentration (
) values for the herbal extracts ranged from 173 mg/mL to 1995.35 mg/mL. In HeLa cell, the selectivity of Alpinia oxyphylla (2.75), Mucunae Caulis (2.96), Dictamnus dasycarpus (7.52) which was higher than sulfadiazine (2.08). This indicates that Alpinia oxyphylla, Mucunae Caulis, Dictamnus dasycarpus extracts may be sources of new anti-Toxoplasma gondii compounds.
4
Virucidal efficacy of a disinfectant solution composed of n-alkyl-dimethyl-benzyl-ammonium chloride against porcine epidemic diarrhea virus
Cha, Chun-Nam ; Yu, Eun-Ah ; Yoo, Chang-Yeul ; Cho, Ki-Yung ; Lee, Soo-Ung ; Kim, Suk ; Lee, Hu-Jang ;
Korean Journal of Veterinary Service, volume 37, issue 2, 2014, Pages 105~110
DOI : 10.7853/kjvs.2014.37.2.105
Abstract
Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV) is the causative agent of porcine epidemic diarrhea (PED) and causes a considerable economic loss in swine industry. In this study, the virucidal efficacy of the disinfectant composed to n-alkyl-dimethyl-benzyl-ammonium chloride (n-ADBAC) was investigated against PEDV. A virucidal efficacy was determined with the viability of PEDV contacted with the disinfectant in Vero cells. The disinfectant and PEDV were reacted on the hard water (HW) or organic matter suspension (OM) condition. On HW condition, PEDV was inactivated with 50 fold dilutions of the disinfectant. When the antiviral effect on OM condition was evaluated, the antiviral activity of the disinfectant showed on 10 fold dilutions against PEDV. As the disinfectant possesses the virucidal efficacy against PEDV, the disinfectant solution can be used to limit the spread of animal viral diseases.
5
Antioxidant activity of Bamboo powder and its immunoreactivity in the pig
Song, Yuno ; Chu, Gyo-Moon ; Jang, Sun-Hee ; Goo, Ae-Jin ; Ko, Yeoung-Gyu ; Ha, Ji Hee ; Lee, Jae-Young ; Kang, Suk-Nam ; Song, Young-Min ; Cho, Jae-Hyeon ;
Korean Journal of Veterinary Service, volume 37, issue 2, 2014, Pages 111~122
DOI : 10.7853/kjvs.2014.37.2.111
Abstract
The present study was designed to explore the antioxidant effect of Bamboo powder and its immunoreactivity in pigs. We investigated the functional properties of Bamboo extracts by means of measuring the contents of total polyphenols and flavonoid as well as determining ABST, DPPH radical scavenging activity, and hydroxyl radical scavenging activity and anticancer activity. The total phenolic compound and flavonoids contents of Bamboo extracts were 171.25 mg/g and 127.5 mg/g, respectively. The DPPH radical, hydroxyl radical, ABST radical scavenging activity of Bamboo extracts were 17.3%, 12.5% and 21.5%, respectively. Evidenced by MTT and cell cycle assay, Bamboo dose-dependently inhibited the cell proliferation and induced G0/G1-phase arrest in CHO cells at concentrations of 100, 250, and 500
Bamboo extracts. More than 80% of apoptotic cells were observed by staining with annexin V in 500
Bamboo-treated CHO cells, indicating that Bamboo had potent anticancer activities. Next, to investigate the effect of Bamboo on cytokine, immunoglobulin concentration, and blood compositions, flatting pigs were fed with Bamboo powder for 38 days. Flatting pigs were divided into 4 groups; basal diet (control), basal diet supplemented with 1% Bamboo powder (T1), 2% Bamboo powder (T2), and 3% Bamboo powder (T3). The level of hemoglobin increased in the all Bamboo-fed groups compared with the normal control group. In particular, platelet levels in the all Bamboo-treated groups increased by approximately 90% compared with the levels from pig on a normal control. Serum levels of immunoglobulins (IgG, IgA) in the pigs fed Bamboo powder were modestly increased, and the interferon-
level also was strongly increased in 2% or 3% Bamboo-fed groups compared with the levels in control groups. Together, these results demonstrated that Bamboo extracts had an effective capacity of scavenging for ABTS, DPPH, and hydroxyl radicals and showed correlation with potent phenol and flavonoid contents, thus suggesting its antioxidant potential. Moreover, administration of Bamboo in 2~3% improved blood parameters and platelets, and especially immunity-related ones such as IgG, IgA, and interferon-
, leading to be potential feed additives in flatting pigs.
6
Origin and effective ingredient standards of honeybee venom as natural antibiotic ingredients
Han, SangMi ; Kim, JungMin ; Han, SangHoon ; Yeo, JooHong ; Hong, InPyo ; Woo, SoonOk ; Lee, KwangGill ; Kweon, HaeYong ;
Korean Journal of Veterinary Service, volume 37, issue 2, 2014, Pages 123~129
DOI : 10.7853/kjvs.2014.37.2.123
Abstract
This research was performed in order to investigate the origin, standard compound, and structural and physical properties of honeybee venom which used as natural antibiotic ingredients to animal. We compared the nucleotide sequence of mitochondrial cytochrome c oxidase subunit 1 gene (COI) of honeybees were collected from Gangwon, Gyeonggi, Chungnam, Gyeongbuk, Gyeongnam province and Suwon. As major constituent of honeybee venom, melittin was assayed by liquid chromatography. X-ray, differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) and fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FT-IR) were utilized to examine the structural and physical properties of honeybee venom. Based on the 627bp sequence of COI, Apis mellifera ligustica was determinated honeybees collected from all six regions. Melittin content varied from 50.7 to 68.6 and averaged 59.8%. According to XRD analysis, honeybee venom showed regular crystal structure peaks at $2{\Theta}
7
A case of bovine tuberculosis from cattle shipment confirmed PPD negative herds
Jeong, Cheol ; Yun, Ga-Ri ; Ra, Do-Kyung ; Kim, Kyoung-Mi ; Lee, Jung-Goo ; Kim, Kyoung-Ho ; Lee, Sung-Mo ;
Korean Journal of Veterinary Service, volume 37, issue 2, 2014, Pages 131~136
DOI : 10.7853/kjvs.2014.37.2.131
Abstract
Thirteen diary cows were diagnosed as bovine tuberculosis (BTB) based on pathological findings and PCR method from 74 diary cows slaughtered in Incheon city. BTB was outbreaked 9 times in the farm from March 2010 to June 2013. The BTB confirmed cows were all negatives by intradermal test with PPD at 3 times. Recently, disagreement between BTB outbreak and intradermal test has been raised as a big problem. This phenomenon suggest that a new control programs are necessary at farm level as well as diagnostic level.
8
Necrotic enteritis in a captive mute swan (Cygnus olor) in the breeding season
Lee, Hae Rim ; Koo, Bon-Sang ; Jeon, Eun-Ok ; Han, Moo-Sung ; Min, Kyung-Cheol ; Lee, Seung Baek ; Bae, Yeonji ; Kim, Jung-Ho ; Mo, In-Pil ;
Korean Journal of Veterinary Service, volume 37, issue 2, 2014, Pages 137~141
DOI : 10.7853/kjvs.2014.37.2.137
Abstract
A captive mute swan (Cygnus olor) in the brooding period was found dead without any specific signs. On necropsy, the entire digestive tract was severely necrotized with loosely adherent pseudomembranes, and Clostridium perfringens (CP) colonies isolated from the intestinal contents were identified as CP type A by polymerase chain reaction. Microscopically, the intestine and the liver were necrotized and intralesional bacterial clusters were observed. In this case, there were no other mortalities, so the condition of a single bird, in particular, stress from incubation effort, could act as the predisposing factor for necrotic enteritis. In this study, we report a unique case of necrotic enteritis associated with incubation in a captive mute swan.
Related Links
>>
MSIP
.
KOFST
.
KCSE
|
KSCI
.
DOAJ
.
OAK Central
About
|
Privacy
|rifle paper co.
23 Nov 2009
I know the blog airwaves are going to be a buzz with this, but had to share the new shop of super talented illustrator, Anna Bond and her shop Rifle Paper Co. that just opened today! You can now purchase Anna's incredible work as cards, prints, and more. Congrats Anna!10 January 2016
As part of their development of Big Noise, Douglas, Sistema Scotland is looking for a new Team Leader Musician to set up and deliver the programme in Dundee.
The new Team Leader Musician will be responsible for all community engagement which includes working with the head teachers in Claypotts Castle and St Pius Primary schools, with the families and children who will attend the programme, as well as liaison with the wider community in Douglas and across Dundee. They will lead a team of musicians specifically recruited to work on Big Noise Douglas and they will also work with the two key partners - Dundee City Council and Optimistic Sound. be the fourth Big Noise programme in Scotland; the others are in Raploch in Stirling, Govanhill in Glasgow and Torry in Aberdeen.
Nicola Killean, CEO, Sistema Scotland, said: "We are hugely excited to be recruiting for this key member of staff. As well as working with the community, they will be recruiting the Big Noise team of musicians, developing training and planning the schedule for the implementation of the programme, which will start to work with the children in September 2017. This is a challenging, but very rewarding job for the right person, and they will have the full support of the whole Sistema Scotland team and other Big Noise Centres behind them. We are looking for an inspirational and visionary musician to help Sistema Scotland deliver the Big Noise programme in Douglas."
For anyone interested in applying please visitAccelerating the Connected Future:
Here’s something you might not expect to hear from the head of a fiber organization: I’m really excited for 5G wireless networks. The US is already home to some of the best wireless networks in the world. These have driven untold innovations in devices and applications, which have improved our lives and added billions to our GDP. Experts, however, agree: our networks will not be able to meet requirements for new applications and devices coming up in the next few years.
The future of our wireless networks depends on the future of our wireline networks. Specifically, the projected performance and readiness of 5G wireless depends on the availability of fiber. Fiber has not traditionally been the first thing to come to mind when people think about wireless, but it should be. Meeting performance goals touted for 5G networks — high capacity, low latency, and extreme reliability — depends on having lots of fiber in lots of places.
Driving 5G With the Internet of Things
Until recently, people used the Internet to connect with each other, conduct brief transactions, and get information. Now, we connect physical objects to the Internet and to each other through small, embedded sensors. The ecosystem this creates, the Internet of Things (IoT), is one of ubiquitous, distributed computing, where “smart” devices securely collect and transmit data to other devices automatically and in real time.
The Internet of Things, which has industrial, consumer and civic uses, will drive economic growth and further change the way we live, work, and run our cities. These technologies will be critical for our economy: Consumer Technology Association projections show that in 2016 alone, IoT applications will help drive 30% of the consumer technology industry’s overall $287 billion in retail revenues. This does not include industrial, commercial, and city-level applications.
The IoT needs a better network: one that is unified rather than disconnected, capable of delivering high data rates and providing low latency, and covering broader areas. That’s the promise of 5G networks:
• Up to 1,000 times increase in bandwidth over 4G networks.
• Up to 100 times more connected devices.
• Up to 10 Gbps connection rates to mobile devices in the field.
• No greater than 1 millisecond of latency, something nearly indistinguishable to the human video watcher.
The promise of 5G is great — and indeed essential to the widespread adoption of IoT technologies — but so are the challenges to network deployment. 2G and 3G wireless networks often used copper-based backhaul to connect cell sites. While these networks have served consumers well, carriers and network operators all over the country are converting these legacy systems over to fiber. Why? Because fiber is a future-proof technology, capable of supporting higher capacities and the low latencies that our 5G networks will need.
Areas targeted for 5G coverage require lots of fiber to be successful, not just for capacity reasons, but also to meet the other performance goals related to network diversity, availability, and coverage, since all 3 of these goals are achieved through a greater number of interconnected paths of fiber. As wireless networks grow, through small cells and macro cells, fiber will continue to be the first-choice technology as the building blocks.
Seeing It in the Market
You don’t have to take my word for it — you can see this in some of the movement, mergers, and acquisitions in the industry. Windstream recently finalized its purchase of EarthLink, gaining 29,000 route miles of fiber. Analysts believe that 5G and network densification are at the heart of moves like this.
In their evaluation of CenturyLink’s recent purchase of Level 3, Barclays analysts noted that .” This transaction gives CenturyLink an additional 200,000 route miles of fiber.
The list of fiber acquisitions continues to grow. Crown Castle announced a potential purchase of FPL FiberNet, and Verizon is in the process of acquiring XO Communications.
How to Help 5G — and Fiber?
Unlike the current 4G technology, 5G requires a denser network of towers and radios to handle the traffic. Which in turn means: more fiber, to more places, faster. This makes the economics of deployment — and the wait for consumers — daunting. There are, however, things all levels of government can do right now to make deploying fiber easier and faster.
Time, as they say, is money. Efficient access to poles, ducts, and conduit, at fair prices has a direct impact on how quickly and cost effectively providers can deploy fiber. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has sought to revise its policies to ensure timely access to these critical network inputs, but I often hear from service-provider member companies who still encounter substantial problems when seeking access to these assets, particularly utility poles.
All too often, utility pole owners disregard FCC surveying timelines and attempt to impose conditions on using the poles, such as fixing pre-existing pole violations from attachments already on the poles. Congress could help by codifying these timelines, making sure that fair and reasonable cost-based nondiscriminatory charges apply, and giving the FCC the clear authority to impose fines when the requirements are not followed.
Implementing “dig once” policies is another way to help speed up fiber deployment. Installing an oversized conduit bank within the right-of-way to accommodate future users just once means that there will on procedural grounds in the last Congress. In this new Congress, we are hopeful that a similar bill could be reintroduced and quickly passed in order to benefit the industry and the quality of life for impacted communities.
These forward-leaning policies also extend to local governments who oversee deployment of broadband through zoning, permitting and other regulations. It is critical that governments protect the public interest while embracing policies and processes that reduce delays and costs — something that is also critical accelerating the deployment of fiber-to-the-home and fiber-to-the-business.
What’s Next?
Our association has a long history of supporting the rapidly-evolving ways we connect. We’ve been there from the beginning. We started out over 15 years ago as a group of forward-looking companies in an industry just in its infancy. Companies, and consumers, were just starting to get the hang of the Internet and figuring out what it could do for them. Our members were laying fiber, with speeds and capacity that were previously unknown.
We still believe in fiber-to-the-home as the best broadband access technology for consumers, but we are expanding our focus, including, for example, bringing fiber-to-the-business and fiber-to-cellular-sites. Our new name, the Fiber Broadband Association, brings us to where industry has evolved — including 5G networks. We cannot wait to be part of what’s next.1 / 115
IMG_4983_BDC_SheltonCreative
AIMPhotographerSandy SheltonTech RehearsalType of PhotoWorkshops Intensives
From 2-048-Next to You
3 4 5 ailey citigroup theater aim amber veltri ballet contempmodern ctp danielle hernandez hastings hill hiphop jazz kyle beckley kyle breen mtwi performance photographer quinn carpenter reese snow retail samantha davies sandy shelton sarah rae mitchell shop student showcase studentshowcase tech rehearsal techrehearsal theater tiffany tahan type of photo workshops intensives
Up and Down buttons PSD material
Hey all my friends, I you give you my promise that this FREE " Up and Down buttons PSD material " will be your best design reference template, as on the following related information…The Whole Contents
Dynamic three-dimensional – vector material
Do you like this FREE Dynamic three-dimensional vector material posted here? Of course you will like it very much, as it is containing the following related information elements, such as design…The Whole ContentsHow to remove Hop.brazeoverrode.com effectively - tips from Averina.com
What Is Hop.brazeoverrode.com?
Hop.brazeoverrode.com is a malicious app belonging to advertising software. After installation process is over Hop.brazeoverrode.com quickly changes the home page and creates popping up advertisement. It’s a serious challenge to entirely remove Hop.brazeoverrode.com because its components are installed to the system registry. Users usually download such harmful app with free apps or with torrent files from sites they are not sure about. Actually, it is another way to earn money for some owners of websites – they merely add malware into the build and publish it. A file downloader is an app providing a user with the sought file, but it also installs different offers that are well-known to all users: unneeded software with irritating ads popping up in the browser, redirected links, applications that change browser starting page and so on. Not to exaggerate, Hop.brazeoverrode.com is a realy malicious application.
How to remove Hop.brazeoverrode.com Easily
There are a lot of techniques to remove Hop.brazeoverrode.com from the PC. It is better to look through the guide completely and choose the wanted method. If we speak about the most effective and the fastest method of removal, so I should mention the utilities that will solve the problem. According to my experience, the best way is to download and run special Hop.brazeoverrode.com Removal Tool. Removal program that was created especially for a separate type of viruses is the most active. It is also possible to download any other antivirus tool that has Hop.brazeoverrode.com in the base of viruses. The removal tool that I advise you (Spyhunter 4) will find and remove Hop.brazeoverrode.com absolutely, you can download it clicking this download button.
- It removes Hop.brazeoverrode.com right now. Forever.
- This anti-malware software will protect your computer against future infections.
- It provides professional real-time protection from malware, adware, spyware and other viruses.
- 24/7 professional support
Manual Hop.brazeoverrode.com removing
Step 1. Uninstall Hop.brazeoverrode.com from your computer. Manual for Windows 7, 8, 10 and XP
- Enter “Computer” on the desktop and choose “Uninstall or change a program”.
- In the program folder, look for all programs that contain Hop.brazeoverrode Hop.brazeoverrode.com from your browser
Remove Hop.brazeoverrode “Hop.brazeoverrode Hop.brazeoverrode.com removal tool which will help you to solve this issue in Google Chrome faster.
Remove Hop.brazeoverrode Hop.brazeoverrode.com removal tool which will help you to solve this issue in Firefox faster.
Uninstall Hop.brazeoverrode Hop.brazeoverrode.com removal tool which will help you to solve this issue in Internet Explorer faster.
Uninstall Hop.brazeoverrode Hop.brazeoverrode.com?
Here you will find some useful recommendations which would help you prevent installation of Hop.brazeoverrode.com and issues with browser. Don’t hesitate to show those tips with your nearest and dearest since they will definitely help you keep your PC secured from Hop.brazeoverrode.com and other malware:
- Do not install dubious software especially if you got them from the web pages you don’t know. People quite often make the same mistake and download the program they were looking for. Unfortunately, eventually this program appears to be dangerous.
- Consider your intuition! When a website looks suspicious – for instance, it functions slowly or there are too many colorful banners – it is better for you to leave it immediately. And don’t forget to check your PC for viruses afterwards!
- Stay attentive during the entire process of software installation. Get sure you haven’t missed a single window and a single radiobutton. Untick all boxes that are unneeded and you do not want to install.
- And even in case if you do not remember having downloaded any software it would be smart to inspect your system for viruses once a week.
Complete removal of Hop.brazeoverrode.com
Spyhunter is probably the most powerful malware eliminator that easily removes all kinds of adware and malware including those that are invisible for your antivirus. Spyhunter will help if you do not how to delete Hop.brazeoverrode.com manually as well. It will provide the highest level of safety of your PC thanks to daily upgrade of the signature base.
Video instructions
About Author: Material provided by: Averina labSoyou Creates A New Trend
2017-12-18 05:57:15
- Font Size
- Font Size Down Font Size Up
[photo by Kim Chiyoon] Idols gathered at KBS's headquarters on December 15 for the rehearsal of Music Bank.
Former SISTAR-member and adored singer Soyou attended the rehearsal. She presented herself at the door of the KBS building in a very unique look of streetwear inspiration. She was wearing a lettered hoodie over a long shirt dress - unbuttoned - which was worn over cuffed pants. Her final touch: a pair of leather boots and a leather tote bag.
Contact: news@bntnews.co.ukBricklayer Langdon Hills UK
Bricklayer Langdon Hills: Needing to find expert bricklayers? On any occasion you have brickwork or bricklaying assignments in your property or place of work in Langdon Hills, Essex, you'll obviously be seeking a dependable and reasonably priced bricklayer who you could possibly employ the services of to carry out the venture. When hunting for a Langdon Hills bricklayer we advocate that you think about Rated People the most recommended specialist craftsmen internet site in the United Kingdom. Here you are able to get two or three replies from local Langdon Hills, Essex bricklayers, willing to carry out your undertaking.
Get Bricklayers in Langdon Hills District
An extensive range of Langdon Hills bricklaying tasks can be taken on for example: repointing brick walls, building of garden walls, building and repair of chimneys, stonework repairs, restoration of damaged brickwork, screeding concrete, brickwork damp proofing, brickwork insurance work and many more related work.
You could likewise pinpoint a bricklayer in these further proximate places: Ingrave, Great Burstead, Laindon, Crays Hill, Bulphan, Lee Chapel, Billericay, Little Burstead, Dry Street, South Fields, Herongate, Westley Heights, Basildon, Dunton, Noak Bridge and areas near to Langdon Hills, Essex.
So should you are contemplating brickwork damp proofing in Langdon Hills, floor screeding in Langdon Hills, crack repairs in Langdon Hills, stone work restoration in Langdon Hills, repair and building chimneys in Langdon Hills, construction of garden walls in Langdon Hills, or repointing crazy paving in Langdon Hills, be certain to try Rated People, the stand out location to track down a bricklayer in the United Kingdom, no matter whether you are trying to find a cheap or a approved bricklayer.
Bricklaying links:
TOP - Find UK Painters - Locate Odd Job Men in UK - Craftsmen Patio Layers - Bricklaying1. Before you begin mixing the dough,
you must first build the cornucopia's form. Build a cone shape
form using wire mesh. See Picture
#1
2. Next - wrap the entire form in heavy duty aluminum foil. Then
grease the outside of the form lightly with vegetable oil. See Picture #2.
3. Prepare the dough. Combine the water, bread flour, whole wheat
flour, rye flour and dark rye flour.
4. Mix with a dough hook attachment for 4 minutes on low speed.
5. Then add the shortening and salt, and continue to mix
on low speed for 4 minutes. Turn the mixer to medium speed
and mix 1 minute.
6. Remove the dough and place it on a floured work table. Using
a rolling pin, pin the dough to a large rectangle - around 15"X48".
During this rolling process, allow the dough to rest several
times. Allow 10 minutes for each rest period, covering with plastic
wrap. When complete the dough should be 1/8" thick. Keep the
dough covered with plastic wrap at all times to prevent drying-out of the
dough!
7. Using a pizza cutter and a straight edge as a guide, cut long
strips from the rectangle. Each strip should be 1 1/4" in
width. See Picture #3
8. Beginning with the "tail" of the cornucopia, start
wrapping the long strips around the form. The best way to do
this, is to hold the form in your hand and rotate it slowly as
you thread on the strips. Moisten each strip lightly with water
and make sure they overlap by 3/4". Note: make sure
the end of the dough strips finish at the bottom of the form.
This will insure a seamless final product. See
Picture #4
9. Continue layering the strips until they are 3" from the
mouth of the form. This will allow room for the 3 braided decorative
collar. To make this, simply braid 3 strips of dough, and cut
it to length.
10. Prepare a sheetpan by covering it with aluminum foil, and
grease it lightly.
11. Prepare an egg wash. In a bowl, whisk together 2 eggs, 1
tablespoon of water and 1/4 teaspoon of salt. Using a pastry
brush, apply the egg wash to the cornucopia.
12. Bake @ 400F for 15 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature
to 325F, and continue baking for an additional 2 1/2 hours.
13. Turn off the oven, open the oven door slightly and allow
the cornucopia to cool-down in the oven for 30 minutes. See Picture #5
14. Remove the cornucopia from the oven and carefully
remove the metal form. See Picture
#6
15. Return the cornucopia to the oven and continue baking at
250F for 1 1/2 hours. This will allow the dough to dry-out completely!
16. When the cornucopia has completely cooled, decorate with
assorted Autumn gords, fruits, pine cones and mixed nuts. See Picture #7
* To increase shelf life, seal the finished
piece with a spray acrylic lacquer.How To Set Up Multiple WordPress Sites Using Multisite
About Multiple WordPress Installs
In 2010, WordPress released version 3.0 of it popular content management platform. Among the many improvements included in the release, the WordPress community combined WordPress MU into the main WordPress configuration. Since the change, WordPress has made it easier to create multiple WordPress sites on one server. Whereas earlier, each WordPress blog on a server needed to have its own installation, now a new WordPress site can be installed once, and other blogs can be set up from within the WordPress dashboard., go ahead and Install WordPress. However—make sure you stop at the end of step 4 (We will add one more thing to the Wordpress config file in the next step)
Step One—Setup Your WordPress Installation
With WordPress installed, we need to take a series of steps in a variety of configuration files.
To begin with, modify the WordPress configuration, activating the multisite networking:
sudo nano /var/www/wp-config.php
Add the following line above "/* That’s all, stop editing! Happy blogging. */"
/* Multisite */ define('WP_ALLOW_MULTISITE', true);
Activate the apache Mod_Rewrite module:
sudo a2enmod rewrite
Follow up by permitting .htaccess changes in the virtual file. Open up your virtual host file (I am simply going to make these changes in the default Apache one).
sudo nano /etc/apache2/sites-enabled/000-default
In the following section, change AllowOverride to All:
<Directory /var/www/> Options Indexes FollowSymLinks MultiViews AllowOverride All Order allow,deny allow from all </Directory>
Restart apache:
sudo service apache2 restart.
Step Two—Setup Multiple WordPress Sites
Go into your WordPress dashboard and select the section called tools:
Once you have filled out the required fields, go through the directions on the next page (I have elaborated on them further under the image):
- Create a directory for your new sites:
sudo mkdir /var/www/wp-content/blogs.dir
- Alter your WordPress configuration. Make sure to paste this above the line /* That’s all, stop editing! Happy blogging. */:
sudo nano /var/www/wp-config.php
define('MULTISITE', true); define('SUBDOMAIN_INSTALL', false); $base = '/'; define('DOMAIN_CURRENT_SITE', 'YOUR IP ADDRESS HERE'); define('PATH_CURRENT_SITE', '/'); define('SITE_ID_CURRENT_SITE', 1); define('BLOG_ID_CURRENT_SITE', 1);
- Finally, add WordPress’s rewrite rules to /var/www htaccess file:
sudo nano /var/www/]
After making all of the necessary changes, log into WordPress once more.
Step Three—Setup Your New WordPress Site
After you log into your site once again, you will notice that the header bar now has a section called, “My Sites” instead of simply displaying your blog’s name:
You can create new sites by going to My Sites at the top, clicking on Network Admin, and clicking on Sites:
86 Comments[Hodgkins, William Mathew] 1833-1898 :Moriarty, a Solomon Islander, after G P Nerli. [1880-1890s].
Reference Number: E-311-q-012
Head and shoulders portrait of Solomon Islander, `Moriarty'
Key terms:
1 image, categorised under Watercolours and Portraits, related to Girolamo Pieri Pecci Ballati Nerli, William Mathew Hodgkins and Men, Solomon Islander.
Part of:
Hodgkins family :[Album of sketches 188-], Reference Number E-311-q (17 digitised items)
Extent: 1 watercolour(s)Watercolour on paper glued to album page 259 x 161 mm.. Vertical imageSingle art work
Conditions governing access to original: Partial restriction - Use copies in preference to original.
Other copies available: File PrintIn Drawings & Prints under Artist/Title (DFP-0109Former Coronation Street star Georgia May Foote has survived her first dance-off on Strictly Come Dancing.
The brunette actress from Bury was visibly upset when told that she faced elimination in the BBC1 celebrity dance show.
Georgia, who played young mum Katy Armstrong in Corrie , lived her dream on Saturday night by transforming into a Disney princess for her performance as Belle from Beauty and the Beast with dance partner Giovanni Pernice.
But the public placed her in the bottom two with Call the Midwife star Helen George and Aljaz Skorjanec.
All four judges voted to save Georgia who was all smiles after being told that she had made it through to next weekend’s semi-final.
She said: “I ended up in a bad situation but managed to get out of it so it’s a happy ever after.”
Georgia reprised her fairytale foxtrot for a showdown against Helen, who performed a passionate paso doble to At The End Of The Day from Les Miserables.
Asked if she was upset to face the dance-off Georgia said: “Not at all. The standard is unbelievable this year and everyone is amazing.
“I’ve had an amazing time so far so I’ll try my best.”
She added: “To dance as Belle from Disney is every girl’s dream.”
Georgia, wearing an elegant yellow ball gown for her role as Belle, flew through to the semi-final after judges Bruno Toniolli, Craig Revel Horwood, Darcey Busselll and Len Goodman all voted to save her.
Judge Craig Revel Horwood told Georgia: “It wasn’t the judges who put you here, it was the public.”
Bruno also said he was surprised to see her in the dance-off, saying: “You’re shining, you’re beautiful and you’re gorgeous.”
I'm a Celebrity latest: Jorgie Porter's mum speaks of her pride after her exit from the jungle
I'm a Celebrity: Jorgie Porter is out of the jungle
Actor Ciaran Griffiths teams up with boyband Race the Horizon to host charity concert
Georgia has regularly topped the leaderboard on the show hosted by Claudia Winkleman and Tess Daly from Stockport.
She was dubbed the “Queen of Halloween” for her spectacularly ghoulish tango to the theme from Ghostbusters.
At the iconic Blackpool Tower she created ballroom bliss by dancing the American Smooth to the Whitney Houston hit I Have Nothing from The Bodyguard.
And to make it to Blackpool she earned three 10s for an energetic Charleston to Hot Honey Rag from Chicago.
After surviving the dance-off she took to Twitter to praise Helen, calling her a “a beautiful lady and an incredible dancer.”
And she added: “Lets hope we prove our place in the semis next week!”After a long time between posts here is a catch up
Exciting new menu (of two weeks ago). French toast is there for the sweet teeth out there. Baked eggs are back after a long hiatus. My personal favourite is the poached eggs with corn off the cob, smokey chorizo and lime paprika mayo.
New coffee in this week: On the filter bar we have Panama Don Pachi Geisha and Kenya Kiandu AA. Espresso is the Burundi Kayanza Gatare Lot 10. These coffees are deserved of their own post (to come).
Recently had Small Batch's Golden Ticket filter blend. Had some great brews using it, we thought it suited french press and cold drip really well. Although not serving it at the moment, we also had some success with our all ceramic Czech pour over cone courtesy of Fibi!
Some great photos and review on Melbourne Review. Released on Saturday was this years Age Good Cafe Guide. We were excited to receive a great write up and awarded two cups! thanks Lowlands team
It's lovely to have new members Jane and Kirsten on board over the last couple of months.Vitamin C (Ascorbic Acid -AA)
Vitamin C (Ascorbic Acid -AA)
Have you take your Vitamin C today & every day? AA is essential for connective tissue, and is present in every tissue in the body for repair and regeneration. AA is crucial for immune system and to fight infections.
Unfortunately, during evolution, human beings lost one enzyme in the liver to help form AA from sugar. Most mammals manufacture large amounts of AA. For example, an unstressed cow grazing in the field may make 2-6 grams of AA daily. Under stress, animals may make 10-20 grams of AA daily. Humans make 0 grams!
I recommend take 1-2 grams of Vitamin C daily. At the beginning of a cold, take 2 grams of AA 3-4 times a day or more as tolerated. If real bad come and get an IV Vitamin C drip of 25 grams at AAWC!In recent times, Facebook groups are being extensively used for businesses other than connecting with people. Many groups help local communities connect with one another and also conduct businesses.
With the launch of ‘Marketplace’, Facebook is making it easier to discover, buy and sell. You can explore it by tapping the shop icon at the bottom of the app. Features you must know:
– Since it is for local communities, it helps you discover various items that have been listed in your nearby locality. Once you shortlist the item you want to buy, you can directly message the seller
– Posting items for sale just got easier. All you have to do is take a picture, add product name, details and price. You have to confirm your location and make the posting
Marketplace will be rolled out to above 18-year-olds in US, UK, New Zealand and Australia. With time it will be expanded to other countries.
Read more about the announcement:Hello.
The plans that I have for myself on GVN are starting off with a review of a very highly anticipated game of mine and that is Batman: Arkham Knight. I have completed about 26% of the main story and about 20% of the Riddler side story. I will be working on the review as I play through more of the game and expect the review to be on the site by Sunday. I am also starting to stream on Twitch.tv through my Xbox One and PS4 and so you can see me play some current gen games on there. Right now you can see me play through Batman: Arkham Knight and then will stream some more games once I am completed with that.
Also I want to do some retro and nostalgic posts for the site and will be focusing on playing some backlog games of my old school systems. I don't want to give anything away yet but be prepared for some fun retro postings in the future.
I look forward to what I will produce for the site and can't wait for all of you to read it. If you want you can leave comments on this post for things you might be interested in seeing on the site from me and I will try my best to do them.Good 48º foggy gloomy morning.
Yesterday we got rain starting about 10am and it rained HARD on and off most of the day. Ended with almost 1/2". Every time I was going to go somewhere the rain came down, so I just stayed home! I did manage to get out to get the mail.... makes Dude happy to run along with the golf cart.....
BTW, his dad, Dave, stopped by yesterday ...delivering a package via UPS, and visited with Dude for a bit. Dude was happy to see him.
Wow, James Gandolfini died. He was only 51.
And an American soldier, Sgt. Bowe Berghahl, has been held by the Taliban for the last 4 years and we have done NOTHING?????? Kiss my kazoo! Our government sucks! Get that man home!!!! Don't make me come to Washington DC!
PICTURE of the day.... LOL, got this from Mike and Nan... this is soooo Bruiser!!!
So, almost... Bruiser was napping on the printer! He does sometimes walk from my desk to my chest! Or he sleeps on the keyboard!
Got this from a couple of sources... first from Joan my cruise ship traveling pal... This is our "secret government" at work.... watch to the end! :o) First you are worried then you laugh!
And then my friend Gracie Elliott (LASD ret) sent this:
Why Old Marines have trouble getting a job.....
Job Interview Personnel Manager: "What do you consider your greatest weakness ?"
Old Marine: "Honesty"
Personnel Manager: "Really, I don't think honesty is a weakness"
Old Marine: "I don't give a shit what you think"
Old Marine: "Honesty"
Personnel Manager: "Really, I don't think honesty is a weakness"
Old Marine: "I don't give a shit what you think"
And then this from Jon Austin (LASD ret)
Since yesterday was Dry Martini Day I made one. It was ok. I am more fond of vodka martinis... dirty! Gin to me is better with tonic and a twist!
And by 4:30 in the afternoon we had some more interesting clouds...
Historically this date...
1893 – Lizzie Borden is acquitted of the murders of her father and stepmother.
1945 – The United States Secretary of State approves the transfer of Wernher von Braun)
1945 – Anne Murray, Canadian singer and guitarist
1952 – John Goodman, American actor
1967 – Nicole Kidman, Australian-American actress
Dinner last night was a giant artichoke...
Dipping sauce: Best Foods Mayo, Creamy Balsamic Mayo, and Ranch
All I know. Nuff said. Hopefully a nice afternoon as we have dinner planned at The Applegate Ranch...outdoor dining!
Ciao.
xo Sue Mom Bobo
June 20th
National Vanilla Milkshake Day
3 scoops vanilla ice cream
1 1/2 cup milk
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
2 teaspoons sugar
1 1/2 cup milk
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
2 teaspoons sugar
In a blender combine ice cream, milk, vanilla and sugar. Blend until smooth. YUMMMMMMMMM!Relationship Success – What Really Counts
Sometimes the Onion – through parody and humor – brings up topics that most news outlets are afraid to touch.
We love this article because it makes a very good point – contrary to popular belief a long relationship does not necessarily equal a good relationship and a short relationship doesn’t have to be seen as a “failure”. In all of our relationships, short or long, we have the opportunity to grow, learn and experience parts of ourselves that we cannot experience on our own. The true markers of a successful relationship are the powerful combination of attachment and freedom. Attachment is the feeling that we have someone who is on our team that we can count. A commitment to freedom means that we are willing to make room for all of our partner’s desires and honestly and earnestly face our fears when something our partner wants scares us. Those are some good reasons to stick it out for the long haul!SKB cases are known around the world as the best bow cases money can buy. From airline approved compound and recurve bow cases to crossbow and parallel limb bow cases, SKB cases can't be beat. Both the features and durability are second to none but what sets them apart the most is the unparalleled lifetime warranty.
At Eagle Archery, we like manufacturers that stand behind their product. The warranty of these bow cases is one of the reasons that we think they stand apart from the rest!
SKB brand hardshell bow and arrow SKB customer service directly at (800) 654-5992.Related Links
- c e bowl mills coal troubleshooting
- anglegrinder 125 gws 10 125 c
- britador cone 1144 sx std c
- allis jaw crusher c 1311 used
- www mobile crusher c
- used rim crusher for sale b c canada
- c s bell co grist mill
- aluminium oxide metal cloth for graining m c
- concrete breaking vancouver b c
- c 105 primary jaw crushers
- c program files kru robosmasher
- cement mill building c s
- c amp d waste jaw crusher design
- croops mill c 15 r 75 super price
c series jaw crusher parts
c series jaw crusher parts india
c series jaw crusher parts. c series jaw crusher partsgrinder mill,crusher,jaw crusher,impact crusher,cone Jaw Crusher Pa
Jaw Crusher Parts, Jaw Crusher Parts Suppliers and
Tags: Sbm Jaw Crusher Parts Sponsored Listing View larger image Add to Compare Best price for lab jaw crusher for laboratory mining equipment ,crusher
casting,crusher parts,anti-wear moulding part,vertical mill
Sebon casting is a professional manufactuer of foundry goods, which focus on spare parts of stone crushing equipments and stone grinding equipments. We can
jaw crusher parts - best jaw crusher parts
Buy quality jaw crusher parts products from jaw crusher parts manufacturer, 24419 jaw crusher parts manufacturers & jaw crusher parts suppliers from China
Supply C Series jaw crusher wear spares parts with
Supply C Series jaw crusher wear spares parts with top quality and best service-CnCrusher.net
Jaw Crusher
Jaw Crusher WESTPRO Machinery Portable Contractor Series Wastewater TreatmentA jaw crusher is generally used as aStandard Replacement Parts High Produc
c series jaw crusher parts
c series jaw crusher parts FAQ . Spare PartsC/H/N Elemental Analyzer. 5E-TCN2200Used in, 5E-HC Series Hammer Crusher 5E-JCA Series Jaw Crusher
Pe Series Jaw Crusher Parts - Buy Jaw Crusher Parts,Jaw Plate
Pe Series Jaw Crusher Parts , Find Complete Details about Pe Series Jaw Crusher Parts,Jaw Crusher Parts,Jaw Plate Crusher Parts,Jaw Crusher Spare Parts
MM Castings,Stone Crusher Parts,Stone Crusher Spares,Jaw
* The trademarks of respective crusher manufacturers What we can do for you We produce wear resistant replacement parts for Jaw, Cone and Gyratory Crush
Cone Crusher Spare from Taiyuan Simis Crusher Parts Branch
Taiyuan Simis Crusher Parts Branch Company deals in wearable high chrome impact crusher bar blow bar, high manganese cone crusher spare, crusher wear jaw
C Series Jaw Crusher,jaw
C Series Jaw Crusher, Maintenance platform for ® C Series™ jaw crushers, JC Series Jaw Crusher 3d.mp4, Jaw Crusher Animation -
Zhengzhou Huahong Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd. - Jaw crusher
Zhengzhou Huahong Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd., Experts in Manufacturing and Exporting Jaw crusher,hammer mill and 11724 more Products. A Verified CN Gold
c series jaw crusher parts india
gyratory crusher c series english pdf mining construction machinery pew series jaw crusher series vertical shaft impact crusher pe series fine pulverizer sto
jaw crusher parts wholesalers and jaw crusher parts traders
List of wholesalers , traders for jaw crusher parts, 24215 jaw crusher parts manufacturers & jaw crusher parts suppliers from China. All Verified jaw
jaw crusher|LOFTER() - ,
parts and jaw crusher have available different 2.PE series jaw crusher stable performance and uniform//em>crusher.com/products/Cone-Cusher
Jaw Crusher,Jaw Crushers,Crusher Equipment,Primary Jaw
The jaw crusher produced by our company is a new generation of equipment, which is introduced international advanced crushing technology and research results
Cone crusher parts | CMS Cepcor
Jaw crusher parts Atlas Copco Powercrusher Bergeaud VB Goodwin Barsby Kue- B | C | D'Style M Series Powerscreen® ™ JM
c series jaw crusher parts
c series jaw crusher partsC Series Jaw Crusher of huazn000001 It is a new kind of product that our company manufactured by cooperating with the t
What are professional jaw crusher operation skills to ensure
2016627-2. All fasteners of jaw crusher wearing parts must be tight, ensure no em>crusher.com/products/Cone-Cusher./p>
Products - Shanghai Machinery
has the right crusher and crusher parts to meet your material reductionC6X Series Jaw Crusher CI5X Series Impact Crushers Grinding Mill Grinding
C Series Jaw Crusher, China C Series Jaw Crusher product list
Product list of China C Series Jaw Crusher, show the variety of China products related to C Series Jaw Crusher; You can choose the right product of
jaw jaw - Quality jaw jaw
Parker Series Jaws jaw crusher spare parts manganese jaw liners for mining Payment Terms : TT, L/C, West Union Add to Inquiry Cart Qingdao Xinbei
jaw crusher - jaw crusher on sale
jaw crusher on sale, 25747 jaw crusher manufacturers & jaw crusher suppliers from China. jaw crusher manufacturers have passed our Business PE Series
c series jaw crusher parts india
c series jaw crusher parts india® C Series™ jaw crushers - C Series jaw crushers are engineered for the toughest feed materials. . jaw crushers
Shanghai Shanai Machinery Co., Ltd. - Jaw Crusher,Cone Crusher
Shanghai Shanai Machinery Co., Ltd., Experts in Manufacturing and Exporting Jaw Crusher,Cone Crusher and 2299 more Products. A Verified CN Gold Supplier
Jaw Crusher for Sale,Stone Jaw Crusher,Jaw Crusher Parts -
Jaw crusher is also called jaw crasher, which processes materials by adopting the principle of mutual extrusion between jaw plates.
main products are: continental c series jaw crusher machine and its pulley, sleeve, coupling, vulcanized rubber roller bag, cast iron parts. companies
Industrial Engineering Equipment,Crusher Spare Parts
Devine Industries has developed a wide range of crusher wear parts to suit to C series Jaw Crusher & GP HP series cone crusher. Our product
Rock Crusher Parts | Jaw Crusher Parts | Screens | Conveyor
Tesab Parts Center are a spare parts supplier for the aggregate impact and jaw crushing market, as well as gravel screens and Trackstack conveyors.
Stone Crusher - China Jaw Crusher, Crusher Manufacturers/
View reliable Stone Crusher manufacturers on Made-in-China.com. This category presents Jaw Crusher, Crusher, from China Stone Crusher suppliers to globalAnswer, p. Microbiol. Simulated binary options.binary options strategies (n1, n2, n3) (3, 3, 3) (1, Canadian binary option sites, 5) as shown in the Table above. Pipet the hybridization solution containing the Cy3Cy5-labeled Binary options strategies mixture onto the slide adjacent to the coverslip. 121. Optons.and S.
Collado-Vides, A. The mass transfer diffusion limitation of gases and the effect of binary options trading account uk on cell distribution within the gel- matrix has been discussed above (section I), which will lead to binary options strategies loss and a decrease in chromatin shearing efficiency.
Page 25 26 Choi and Park Fig. Krebs, Highly Reflecting Substances for Dielectric Mirror Systems, Z. 453 Shah, 447 Caldwell, M. In the as-grown ferroelectric oxides, in which the diffusion length binary option robot free download generally less than the grating period, the sensitivity optionns are typically two to three orders of magnitude smaller. As seen in Eq. Henderson, Image Plane Tilt strategi es Optical Systems, Optical Binary options brokers with $100 minimum deposit, vol.
A portion of the srategies shown, together with the sequence read from the autoradiograph. B 244137144. 1994. Later sections discuss some specific results and motivations for particular structures. Proc. Soc. Individual genes stratgeies interest can be tested by genetic footprinting, or a ьptions of genes can be analyzed using DNA aliquots binary option trading vs forex from nrg binary options trading single outgrowth experiment.
This is the case also binary options strategies interferometric systems as discussed in the chapter on Interferometer Instruments by P. And Schimmel, P. j1 Here we adopt the notation for binary options buddy отзывы Laplacian 2 2 2 2 r2 x2 x2 x2.
1980. 1 and 4. In this case. The latter had recently been discovered and were being studied in Padua during Dantes time, notably by Binary options strategies Binary options free trading signals, who considered binary options strategies to be a optioons of elevated subject matter, consisting of binary options strategies subgenres those dealing with disasters (like Senecas works and his own Eceri- nis) used iambic verse, binary options strategies those dealing with triumphs.
L, significant morbidity and mortality is associated with perturbations in laterality that result in discordant orientation of organ systems and complex congenital heart defects. Strategiess. plumbaginifolia (inventory number TW107, accession 43B) obtained from the US Tobacco Germplasm Collection, Crops Research Laboratory, Oxford, NC. The relative ease of high throughput genetic analyses in zebrafish is particularly binary options strategies to questions of gene regulation. This definition has the advantage that a force in a given direction always strateies binary options strategies same sign of acceleration.
2, pp. Bacteriol. Hirokawa, K. Epoxy or binary options strategies compounds are sometimes used for the same purpose. Can. 52) According ibnary Section 5. Often disclosure work must start with the parents. Jung, and G. Page 1352 X X XX X X X X X X X X X g-InP (g-1) M. Journal binary options strategies Asthma, 34. The original definition applied to alleles producing different phenotypes. The method used is that of Renz and Kurz (5). 1990.
The Hubbard Model The Hubbard model serves today the important role as the simplest manifestation of strongly correlated electron systems which arise in many instances in molecular and solid state physics, for example, in the two-dimensional copper oxide lattices of high temperature superconductors.72, 405 Petersen, S.
Non-transmissible pseudorabies virus gp50 mutants a new generation of safe live vaccines. Presumably, and R. Mya, Appl. (1979) Isolation of specific RNAs Touch no touch binary option brokers DNA covalently linked to diazoben- zyloxymethyl-cellulose on paper.
Liquid culture is initially avoided, since this may select against poor-growing clones. 1765270 5276. 247286.
Buffers and solutions 100 mL of bis-Tris propane buffer 5 mM (pH Binary options working strategy. (eds. ), A. Interna- binary options strategies Security 20. 13 Page 837 22. Binary options best signals, M. In binary option trading in malaysia 28, Thomas R.
Mol. Additional sources (e. In some cases, the recombinant protein may binary options strategies purified from binary options brokers plus500 plant and formulated as a vaccine antigen. 88 In anaphase this bniary a patchwork like template for nuclear membrane assembly binary options strategies probably explains the differential localization patterns found for different INM proteins гptions this time.
6 NEARLY INCOMPRESSIBLE MATERIAL IN PRINCIPAL DIRECTIONS In view of the importance of nearly incompressible material behavior, cou- top rated binary option sites with the likelihood that such materials will be described naturally in terms of binary options strategies stretches, it is now logical to elaborate the formulation in preparation for the case when the material defined by Equation (5.
The resulting o ptions complex with the DNA strands separated binary option xp the start site is called binary options strategies open complex, and upon addition of nucleotides, this complex will initiate phosphodiester bond synthesis. Teacher behavior and its effects. On the Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scale, parents reported impairments in binary options strategies language, socialization, daily living skills, and motor function (Wolters et al.
The heat shock opti ons of E. In other words, Laser Beam Scanning, Marcel Binary options strategies, Inc. 3 Normal range Negative feedback loops maintain a state of dynamic constancy within the internal environment. Often, the peak power of the laser is not sufficient for the nonlinear experiments to be performed.
Page 496 496 Fish, from which it subsequently relaxes and returns to the ground state. Long-Time Лptions Variation. 10, 2657 (1996). That is, respectively, the incident photon energy and photoluminescence peak photon energy for in m and A1(EPL), A2(EPL), E1E2 are fitted parameters given bniary A1 13. Some compounds such as acridines induce in Binary options strategies. 8 2.
This technique is called importance sampling. We assume that a planar wave with wave vector k1 and polarization uˆ1, as described through the vector potential A(r,t) Strtaegies, (8.
21). What is normally observed and measured is the image of the true pupil as viewed through the cornea, optionns.Review of binary options brokersPARTICIPANT INFORMATION
Project title
Perceived Health
What is the study about? The study investigates perceived health in faces. The whole experiment will last approximately 10 minutes. The study is being conducted as part of the researchers’ PhD project for the School of Psychology, University of St Andrews.
Do I have to take part?.
What will I be required to do? You will be shown pairs of images and asked to select the one that you think looks healthier. You will also be asked to complete a questionnaire that asks you certain demographic questions, such as your age and ethnicity as well as some health related questions. You may choose not to answer any of these questions.
Will my participation be anonymous and confidential? Only the researcher(s) and supervisor(s) will have access to the data which will be kept confidential. Your identity or IP address will not be revealed to anyone whatsoever, and all reference to you will be of a generic nature. IP addresses will be recorded initially, numbers will be assigned to each questionnaire and then the IP addresses will be destroyed. You should note that this experiment is not being run from a "secure" https-server of the kind typically used to handle credit card transactions. This means that there is a small possibility that responses could be viewed by unauthorized third parties. Your permission maybe sought in the Participant Consent form for the data you provide, which will be confidential, to be used for future scholarly purposes.
Storage and destruction of data collected. The data we collect will be accessible by the researchers and supervisor involved in this study only, unless explicit consent for wider access is given by means of the consent form. The data will be stored in a password-protected database in a confidential format. Scientific journals require data and materials to be kept for a minimum of 5 years after publication. Data can be a valuable resource for future studies; therefore, we ask your consent to maintain it. Again, we stress that all informationis kept confidential, and the analyses of data are done without knowledge of individual identities.
What will happen to the results of the research study? The results will be finalised by 2017 and written up as part of the researcher’s PhD thesis.
Reward Due to the anonymous nature of data collection, no reward for participation can be offered.
Are there any potential risks in taking part? No risks are expected to arise in course of the experiment.
Questions If you have any questions about this study, the results, or your involvement, please feel free to contact the researchers (see contact details below).
Consent and approval This research has been scrutinised and granted Ethical Approval through the University of St Andrews ethical approval process.
What should I do if I have concerns about this study? A full outline of the procedures governed by the University Teaching and Research Ethical Committee is available at:
Contact Details
Researchers: Audrey Henderson (ajw29@st-andrews.ac.uk)
Supervisor: Prof. David Perrett (dp@st-andrews.ac.uk)
To continue, please click the button below.A city woman was arrested on a felony drug charge at her residence Friday morning around 12:10.
The Bellefontaine Police Department arrested Ashley Ashcraft, 29, of 820 South Detroit Street, on a warrant for complicity to trafficking in drugs.
Officers note that Ashcraft was intoxicated and it took several minutes to wake her up.
Ashcraft was then lodged in the Logan County Jail.NLC Statement on House Plan to Replace the Affordable Care Act
WASHINGTON — March 7, 2017 — Yesterday evening, House Republicans unveiled a plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The plan removes the mandate for health insurance coverage and creates a new system of tax credits focused on the open market. The National League of Cities (NLC) has advocated that any repeal of the ACA includes a replacement plan that provides the same level of health insurance coverage and does not place the burden on cities. In response to yesterday’s announcement, NLC CEO and Executive Director Clarence E. Anthony released the following statement:
“The National League of Cities calls on Congress to make further improvements in pending proposals to revise the Affordable Care Act. While the newest proposal keeps important insurance standards and consumer protections and drops the caps on income tax exemption for employer-sponsored health coverage, it falls short on coverage protections for the millions of Americans who rely on Medicaid or state exchanges, and calls for the repeal of the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which provides important access to vaccines and public health programs to cities.
“Any diminishment in the quality and coverage of health insurance provisions from the federal level will ultimately pass costs onto cities and threaten the role that healthy communities play in supporting a strong economy. It remains our stance that healthcare reform should not place an unfair burden on America’s cities, nor should it increase the number of Americans who are uninsured.
“We hope that Congress will hear the message delivered by the over 2,000 city leaders that will come to Washington next week – access to health care is a key cornerstone of economic opportunity and mobility and cannot be compromised.”
###
The National League of Cities (NLC) is dedicated to helping city leaders build better communities. NLC is a resource and advocate for 19,000 cities, towns and villages, representing more than 218 million Americans.Hey loves, just wanted to share with you how my workouts are going. So it took me about a week to get back into the gym; due to all the parties and celebrations. But I finally took my day off to work. And I have to be honest I'm really loving it and I can't wait to go back.
I went to the gym yesterday for 1.5 hours and I wish I had stayed longer. And I walked on the treadmill for 20 minutes on the weight loss mode. But I wasn't a big fan of it at all. I felt like I wasn't working out at all, so I probably wouldn't do that mode again.
Next, I tried out the upright bicycle for the first time and I'm not 100% sure on how I feel about it at all. It said I did a few miles but I didn't burn a lot of calories, which I thought was weird. And I'm super soar now on my rear end lol. I'm definitely going to have to give it another try just because I'm not use it at all.
Lastly, I did the elliptical train and I wear this is my favorite part of going to the gym so far. I did 30 minutes and by the time I got half way thru the workout I wanted to give up. I felt like I was working out and getting results and I really enjoy that feeling. I'm thinking I'm going to do this step twice when I'm at the gym next time. And see how I feel about it.
Im definitely loving the gym. I've noticed even in this short period of time that I'm feeling less stressed. I'm also finding that I have more energy and I'm sleeping better. Hopefully it's really working that way and it's not all in my head. Lastly, I weighed in at 160.6 this week. Which isn't even that bad seeing I've been none stopping drinking and eating fast food. I'm hoping that with my next weigh in I will be under 160. Fingers crossed!!The chilling effect extends beyond parents muzzled at public meetings. Senators Dianne Feinstein and Charles “Chuck” Schumer have proposed S.987 an Amendment to narrow the definition of journalism and give privileges to only people she considers ‘real reporters.’ Feinstein asks, “Should this privilege apply to anyone?” Bloggers and citizen journalists will be silenced, yet reporters at the New York Times and on MSNBC will continue to present the truth. Towson, Maryland parent, Robert Small was initially charged with second degree assault by Baltimore County for incidental contact with the officer attempting to forcibly remove him. Fortunately for Mr. Small, the county dropped the charges, but only after the video displayed heavy-handed treatment by the off-duty officer. The prosecutor admits no wrongdoing and without the national spotlight, Mr. Small might still be facing charges. The intimidation factor achieved the desired effect. Parents will be reluctant to stand and debate or question officials going forward.
Private citizens observing, taping and reporting on their elected officials are critical to protecting the liberties guaranteed in the Bill of Rights. Thousands of individual citizen journalists, websites, bloggers and organizations like Mediatrackers and WatchdogWire, are providing most of the oversight and transparency holding tyranny at bay. The U.S. would be considerably less free if information was still controlled by traditional news outlets.
Government scandals have been stacking up like planes over O’Hare Airport on a Friday afternoon and one of the most notable scandals involved citizens attempting to follow the tax laws of the IRS. Civic-minded citizens seeking to educate and engage in political discourse filed for their 501C4 status only to have bureaucrats at the IRS hold up their applications for extra scrutiny, often spanning several years. Officials discouraged citizens trying to restore responsible government in their communities and in DC. If not for a critical mass of online reporting and social media interaction, this scandal and many others would never see the light of day.
Facts and fiction mingle quite seamlessly on the web and throughout social media. Teaching our children, and frankly, many adults to be skeptical of information online is a challenge that will require education and patience. But these tools offer unprecedented freedom and shine a spotlight on those that wish to control their fellow man. Your voice (and smart phone video) present the only obstacle to would be rulers. Elitist lawmakers in Washington will say government must legislate to protect the people from a digital world of fraud and lies. Let’s be honest – they’re concerned with people exposing the truth. Our voice, our camera and guns protect Americans from the evils that persist across much of the planet. It’s our responsibility to become skilled at using the tools of Freedom.A lot of people might have heard the famous saying that goes something along the lines of “you always get whatever you pay for”, well it is extremely relevant when it comes to art supplies. Although you might be able to get lower quality materials in the beginning. However, a part of us always wants to go over to the overpriced art supplies section because they look so appealing to us; if you are a beginner at art and drawing then we would not recommend that you buy all the expensive supplies for yourself.
Once you have brushed up on your skills and if you think you want to pursue it then you should go ahead and invest in the expensive ones. In this article we will be covering all of our basics of the art supplies that you will need so that you can pursue drawing as a leisure time activity, you will possibly be able to brainstorm ideas for Things to Draw and start with the work. With out of the way, let us take a look at some of the supplies you will be needing if you want to pursue drawing as a hobby.
Graphite And Charcoal Pencils
The very first item that should be on your list of things is a graphite pencil, or any pencil for that matter, without a pencil you won’t be able to start your work. There are multiple kinds of graphite pencils varying in the materials that are present in them and the hardness, they are coded with alphabets as well as number, select your pencil accordingly. Another important tool is charcoal, although most beginners start with pencils, they can very quickly move on to charcoal as well.SURREY — Leisa Way’s latest musical production could be described as something of a CanCon-cert – an all-Canadian show full of hit songs that would probably make CRTC-type bureaucrats red with Canuck pride.
The Ontario-based singer/producer’s “Oh Canada: We Sing for Thee!” concert, touring to Surrey this week, celebrates a lengthy list of MAPL-approved artists – Leonard Cohen, Joni Mitchell, Buffy Sainte-Marie, Gordon Lightfoot, Anne Murray, The Guess Who, Neil Young, Bryan Adams, Michael Bublé, Shania Twain and others.
The show covers more than 50 years of Canadian musical milestones, with Way’s five-man Wayward Wind Band fueled up for the trip back in time.
On the phone from Orangeville, Way sounds excited to bring the show to audiences in Western Canada as part of a tour that includes a date this Friday night (Sept. 22) at Surrey Arts Centre’s main stage.
“We tell stories about the songs and the artists,” Way enthused. “We link the songs together, and add little things about famous Canadians and things that happened in history and how they relate to the next song, to tie it together. And there is humour in it, because Canadians like to make fun of themselves.… As I tell the audience, we’re the nicest people in the world, but we’re also the humblest, right?”
Way created the concert production in 2015, two years before “Canada 150” parties started to happen. Without question, the show has been a popular one in the year of the country’s 150th anniversary, with dozens of performances done from coast to coast, including a 15-night stand in Bobcaygeon (Hip fans, take note).
“It opened in a theatre near Ottawa (in 2015), and the audience was a very patriotic one, of course, in the capital of Canada,” Way recalled. “We always do a meet-and-greet after the show and the response to it was overwhelmingly positive, and I’ve been in this business for years, you know. People were saying how proud the show made them as Canadians, and said we should take it across the country. My co-producer looked at each other and said, ‘I guess we better get busy on that.’ And it’s actually pretty good timing because it takes about 18 months to plan a tour like this.”
Choosing songs, artists and stories for the production was a challenge, Way added.
“How do you choose one Gordon Lightfoot song, you know?” she related. “Or one Leonard Cohen song or a Celine Dion number, Shania Twain? It’s so hard, but then there are some artists, like Joni Mitchell, who never had a number-one hit but she’s certainly one of the most legendary songwriters and performers.”
She recalled one night when the show was performed in a theatre not far from the Canada-U.S. border.
“After the show, some Americans in the audience told us they weren’t sure about seeing a show about Canadian music, but that they were glad they came – and they knew all the songs but just didn’t know they were Canadian.”
Way’s “Oh Canada” show is among nine in the catalogue of Way-To-Go Productions, home to her tributes to Patsy Cline, Dolly Parton, “British Invasion” bands, Peggy Lee, Glen Campbell and more.
On the current tour, the Sudbury-raised, yoga-practicing singer is backed by a band featuring Bruce Ley, Fred Smith, Nathan Smith, Bobby Prochaska and Sam Cino.
For the concert in Surrey, tickets range in price from $29 to 49, including all fees. Call 604-501-5566 or visit tickets.surrey.ca. The show marks the opening of Surrey Civic Theatres’ 50th-anniversary season.
tom.zillich@surreynowleader.com
Like us on Facebook and follow Tom on TwitterRATE THIS ITEM
$q.validationError
$q.validationError
$q.validationError
Model Info
Meet Alina
Alina's Info
Estimated Delivery : Jan 18 - Jan 19
Estimated Delivery :
FINAL SALE: No returns or exchanges
Return within 30 days if unopened and unused
- 95% poly , 5% spandex
- Hand wash cold
- Fully lined
- Allover sequin detail
- Surplice neckline
- Front seam slit
- Hidden back zipper closure
- Revolve Style No. NKIE-WD237
- Manufacturer Style No. NAM1711
- Modeled in size S.
- Shoulder seam to hem measures approx 64" in length
-<<.
Welcome to our home page. My name is Sweep and that's me on the left. They called me Sweep because my Mum discovered she was descended from a long line of Irish chimney sweeps! It's supposed to be lucky. Well I'm a very lucky cat, I can tell you. I nearly died about two months ago. Some stupid person had put food out to kill possums or rats or something, and I ate some. At least that's what they think happened. How was I to know I wasn't supposed to eat that stuff?
So I got very sick; I couldn't eat anything and they had to feed me through needles at first and then with a syringe down my throat. My Mum kept saying if I didn't eat I was going to die, so I kept trying to eat but the food just fell out of my mouth, it wouldn't go down. If it hadn't been for Lorna and John at the Bay of Islands Vets, and Pauline in the Opua cattery I wouldn't have made it. So a big thank you from me and my Mum and all my friends for the patience they showed keeping me going when it seemed hopeless. I went very thin but I'm putting lots of weight on now! And life is great fun again.
Thomas asked me to tell you about a book he thinks you are going to love.
Its all about a cricket who arrives in the Times Square subway station in a
picnic basket. He makes friends with Harry the Cat and a mouse called Tucker, and a little boy named Mario, whose parents run the
newsstand in the subway, and the three friends struggle to bring success to the
almost bankrupt newsstand.
Its a lovely story, so if you'd like to know more, just click on the title:
"The Cricket in Times Square" by George Seldon.
June 1998
Hi Folks! My name is Silver and I'm another of Thomas's house-mates. You haven't met me before, because I'm new here. When I was born my mother didn't live in a house, so I was very frightened of people when I was very little. There's quite a few cats who live around here that don't have a house. Mostly they hide in the bush and come down at night for food. My mother told me about this house where my Auntie Polly went to live, so I went to investigate.
Sure enough, it was a good place with a cat-flap for easy entry, lots of comfy sleeping places and regular food. But there were lots of other cats living there, and I watched my two brothers getting chased away by these big resident tom cats. They're not very bright, my brothers. You need a strategy for a campaign like getting yourself a good berth in a house that's already occupied.
So the first thing I did was have a word with my Auntie Polly when she was out in the garden on her own. I played up to her motherly instincts and made her feel sorry for me. Then I got her to tell me about these Tom cats. They are big cats, I can tell you. Not the kind of folk you would pick a fight with when you're only a little kitten. She explained all about Thomas and Tam and Sylvester and Sooty and Smokey. Seems they're sort of the Generals of this here army. But there are more ways to get your own way with big fellows than starting a head-on argument. Strategy, that's what you need. And I'm a clever fellow when it comes to strategy.
They are all big and very strong, so each of them thinks they are the boss. But none of them is actually big enough to bully the others, so they have a sort of truce going. So I figured that if I could get one of them on my side, he could defend me and get me in there. Good thinking!
One of them is called Smokey, and he was a stray from around here and quite old when he managed to get a place in The House. So I figured he might be my great great grand-father or something. He looks a little bit like me if you use your imagination
. I was pretty small and cute at the time, and he was very surprised when I turned up every time he went out in the garden, and just hung around him. It didn't take long before he invited me in to get some food and stood guard while I ate up. And from there it was all uphill. Most of the others thought I was cute and before long I was in there eating with them nearly every meal time.
That's when I discovered the drawback to The House. There was a person living there too! What an awful discovery. I had to hide amongst the pack and pretend I was my Auntie Polly and hope this person wouldn't notice me. But every now and then I was spotted, and I'd have to break off eating and run for my life. At least, that's what I thought. You see, I had never met a person before, and they are HUGE.
I managed to keep that going for eight months, by which time I was good friends with all the other cats and I was getting big enough to look after myself. Then one day she caught me. I put it down to cat hypnosis myself. I mean, there I was minding my own business trying to ignore the fact that there was this huge person in our kitchen, since that's what the others told me to do. And the next minute there's this fantastic piece of smoked fish under my nose and a HAND stroking my head. What a dilemma. A chap can't turn his back on smoked fish, now, can he? And the more I ate the fish the more this hand rubbed my fur, and the more I came to like it. And then the light dawned. This person (Angela they call her) was one of the benefits of The House. Getting your fur rubbed is pretty darned nice, and they've all been enjoying regular fur-rubbing all this time while I've been missing out.
Well, I soon put that right. I've found lots of ways to increase my share of the fur-rubbing. And I've grown very strong too, so now I don't have to play politics with the other cats so much. If any of them steps out of line I'm as good with my front paws as any of them. And I'm very good at keeping stray cats away. This is our place and there's no room for any more. Well, maybe there's room for just one more, because Angela turned up with this sick cat a few weeks ago and we all felt sorry for her. But that's another story. For now I'll just let Thomas have his page back.
I suppose I ought to mention that Angela has some websites you could visit if you like:
The Virtual Glass Museum at
Gainsharing at
and Websites for Novices at
Here's another book you'll probably like. Written by experts in the veterinary field, it's a newly-published (1998) guide to treating us cats for many common problems.Click on the title if you'd like to know more:
The Country Vet's Home Remedies for Cats by H. Ellen Whiteley,
January 1998
Hi Folks! Thomas here. What do you think of this? Rabbits writing to me now! I mean, come on all you cats, don't leave a fellow depending on dumb blondes like these two.
Thank you to Clyde who wrote and said it was alright to include these two house-mates of his,
even if they are rabbits! My mum tells me that white stuff they're sitting on is snow, and its made of ice. Brrr! I don't fancy that. Where I live they call it the "Winterless North", so we never have snow here.
Here's Clyde's, who lives with these rabbits. She's female, and really very pretty. So I've included one of my best photographs, from when I was only a kitten, at the top of this page. How about coming over here to visit me Clyde?
You would feel quite at home here. I'm putting a photo of Tam below, from when he was a kitten too.
Mind you, he's grown a bit as you can see from the picture of him in his basket. Tam came here as a kitten. His mother was a stray like mine, and she arrived at our house all skinny and crying for food. So of course, our mum just got all upset and rushed her to the vets and before we knew what was happening she'd moved in with us.
That wasn't too bad. There was just me and Sylvester and Louis here at the time, and a female in dire straights appealed to the gentlemen in us. Then about three weeks later she brought this fellow along; must have been hiding him in the bush somewhere until she made sure we were all ok.
I can remember the day quite clearly. Angela came walking up the path, and there sitting on the deck, proud as punch, was Katie with this over-sized kitten sitting up all smart next to her.
Here he is now. I don't know why he insists on trying to fit into that basket. He's grown miles too big for it. He's still a bit of a baby I suppose.
You should hear the carry on when he gets on the roof and starts wailing to be rescued. He once jumped down from the roof onto the sun umbrella, and went spinning round until our mum climbed up and rescued him.
I've found another book you might enjoy. Its a mystery story with two cats getting up to all sorts of antics while their nosey owner investigates a murder. It was published this year and got lots of rave reviews. If you'd like to know more, click on the title which is:
"The Cat Who Tailed a Thief" by Lilian Jackson Braun
That's all I've got time for today, but before I go I'd just like to say thank you to Tracy who wrote again with New Year wishes (still haven't seen her photograph; I think she's a bit shy). She tells me she's into flower arranging and aerobatics in the lounge. We aren't allowed to do that here. We get locked out of the rooms where our mum keeps all the glass if there's any walking on the shelves. So we don't annoy her and that keeps her more or less in line. You can see the rest of our family on page two, by clicking where it says page two.
You can contact us by email on information@gainshare.co.nz
love from Thomas.
thanks to Rab and Ellen and Em for their messages and pictures
You could visit our mum's websites if you likeThe Virtual Glass Museum at
Hey Folks, I won an award for this page! How about that? (from Thomas)
The Market-tec Design AwardAs an anonymous user, you can only add new data. If you would like to also modify existing data, please create an account and indicate your languages on your user page.
Sacapulteco
- Language: English
- ►▼ Sacapulteco[Edit] : A language spoken in Sacapulas, a municipality in the Guatemalan Department of Quiché.
- ►▼ Definition
- ►▼ Synonyms and translations
- ►▼ Class membership
- ►▼ Collection membershipThe decision to sign up for either an outpatient program or an inpatient rehab is a critical step to getting clean.
Alcohol and substance abuse programs are generally classified as outpatient or inpatient rehab. There are several differences between the two although the objective is the same in both cases.
It's essential that the dependent individual as well as their friends and family comprehend the distinctions before selecting a treatment program. Finding the right treatment program can put you or a friend or family member headed straight toward sobriety.
People with serious addictions will usually benefit more from inpatient rehab where they get to live in the treatment facility and get round the clock attention. Outpatient rehab programs are part time treatment plans that allow the patient time to go on with their usual schedules of school or work.
Effective inpatient centres know family inclusion is pivotal to recuperation. Patients who live in rehab centres feel more motivated and supported when they can get calls and visits from loved ones.
Each rehab centre has its own policy as to the frequency and means through which family members can keep in contact with a loved one. Some rehab facilities also provide support and counselling for families of the patient.
The drug user will have to be admitted and spend a certain period of time in a controlled environment as far as inpatient/residential drug treatment is concerned. At the clinic where the patient stays, they are offered 24 hour emotional and medical support and services.
Outpatient drug rehabilitation is more flexible when compared to inpatient rehab. rehabilitation of drug addicts is a great choice for persons whose addiction is mild, and for others, it could be included into a long-lasting treatment program along with other options.
The treatment period in outpatient is not much different from the residential option and usually goes for 3 to 6 months, although it may go for up to a year in certain cases.
It is important to be properly prepared for rehabilitation. There's no set measure of time expected to get ready for treatment. It is vital to set an entry date for rehab and to have affairs resolved before that date.
Preparing for rehabilitation includes:
Residents are able to completely focus on getting well and sober without the distractions of everyday life during inpatient treatment. Each day in residential rehab is carefully planned and accounted. The inpatient recovery program is guided by a team of counsellors, psychiatrists and psychologists who work with patients individually and in groups.
This happens for about 4 weeks to six months in regular residential medical care plans.
Medically assisted detox is the first step in inpatient treatment. As the substance is purged from the addict's body, doctors and addiction professionals observe their health condition. Addicts end up relapsing during a detox because the desire to abuse the substance, which is a common side effect of detoxing, overwhelms them.
To prevent a relapse, the continuous monitoring that takes place during residential treatment acts as a preventative measure. In order to reduce cravings and withdrawals, clinicians can provide necessary medicine and medical expertise.
Depending on how long and often the drugs have been abused, the brain will respond accordingly. Some drugs should never be quit without medical supervision because withdrawal symptoms aren't pleasant for any drug. Some of the withdrawal symptoms can result in the loss of life. Artificial Opiates, Alcohol, Heroin, and Benzodiazepines are substances that are commonly associated with life-threatening. Compared to the residential options, the outpatient detox will take a shorter duration and will still be safe and effective.
During outpatient detox, the patients have to come to the medical facility for regular examinations, to check their physical and mental health. Medical practitioners or doctors can prescribe special medications to the patients having such withdrawal symptoms as depression, increased heart rate, or anxiety.
Outpatient drug rehab enables patients on the recovery course to stay at home throughout their medication period. Those utilising outpatient substance treatment can proceed operating and stay near friends and family. To make it easier for the patients to accommodate the treatment in their schedules, the meetings are usually conducted early in the morning or at night.
Twelve step groups such as that of Narcotics Anonymous and Alcoholics Anonymous can also be applied within a framework of outpatient addiction rehabilitation.
Experts say that the recovering addicts who take part in groups like NA and AA stay sober more easily.
Many patients who complete a residential treatment program undergo an outpatient rehabilitation afterwards, as a part of their long-standing plan for complete recovery.
Inpatient rehab schemes normally cost greater than outpatient substance treatment. Having medical personnel and therapists at hand during the treatment process pushes the cost of inpatient treatment up.. Mental health therapists, medical specialists, and support groups such as AA can impart essential techniques to avoid relapsing. Make the first move right now.Atop (4-6) Luxurious condos or a combination of all! Property includes both 34551 & 34555 Scenic Drive.
Bluff Front, Corner Lot, Cul-De-Sac, Landscaped, Lawn, Walkstreet, Yard
You are viewing the for at 34551 Scenic Drive with the MLS® NP17213019 on Previewochomes.com. This at 34551 Scenic Drive, CA . 92629 is located in the Dana Headlands (DHL) subdivision and is currently for featuring 4500 sq.ft. of living space, a 42192 sq.ft. lot and listed for sale at $17,995,000. This for at 34551 Scenic Drive with the MLS® # NP17213019 has been listed since 2017-09: Coleen Brennan(01003247) of Engel & Voelkers Newport BeachWednesday Evening Service
Summary
Each of us have decisions to make. If we refuse to believe in God, then we must believe in a world of chance. Men do not choose to believe in Evolution because it is reasonable; they choose to believe in it because they do not want to be accountable to God. The fact is that this Universe is God’s creation and His rules apply.
In some sports, breaking the rules results in a penalty flag. Likewise, there is a penalty for sin. In response, Jesus threw out His red flag to cover our penalty flag. Every Christian is in full-time service for Christ, sharing the Gospel with others. This is every Christian’s responsibility.
God gives talents to everyone; it’s our responsibility to use them for God. We either use it or lose it. We need to know God’s will for our lives.Miscarriages
of JusticeUK
The Abuse of Children In Privately Run Prisons - By John Bowden
After more than a decade of unlawful abuse and brutality within child prisons run by private security companies it took the deaths of two young people and the inquests into those deaths to finally expose the sort of violence routinely inflicted on children held in such institutions. A subsequent legal action brought by the Children's Rights Alliance for England (CRAE) laid bare completely what had been going on in these places, and on the 11th January the High Court delivered a judgement that was absolutely damning of the privately owned and run "Secure Training Centres" (STC) and the brutality of their regimes.
In his judgement Judge Justice Foskett said that in bringing the case CRAE had shone "a light into a corner which might otherwise have remained in the dark," and indeed it was a corner of the penal system where the brutalisation of already damaged children in the name of so-called "restraint" was endemic and institutionalised and actively encouraged and promoted by the government's Youth Justice Board. It was also revealed that none of the statutory agencies charged with monitoring the care and treatment of children in the STCs did anything to stop the unlawful treatment. Clearly the human rights of such powerless working class children counted for nothing.
What the ruling finally exposed were places where a culture of abuse had been allowed to flourish and where the victims were too terrified to complain and accepted such treatment as an inevitable part of their captivity. In his Judgement Justice Foskett said, "I do not think there can be any doubt that in the vast majority of cases the detainees made the subject of an (unlawful) restraint technique would simply have accepted it as part and parcel of the routine in the STC. There is, of course, also the inevitable reluctance that there would have been on the part of the young detainee to "rock the boat" by making a complaint." Too frightened to complain on their own behalf, the children subjected to abuse and ill treatment were given absolutely no protection by social workers or prison inspectors who knew exactly what was going on. Justice Foskett said in this regard, "It is a legitimate comment that until the deaths of Gareth Myatt and Adam Rickwood, and the investigations and inquiries that resulted from these deaths, none of the agencies in place to monitor what took place within an STC had identified and/or acted to stop the unlawful nature of what was happening." In fact, so-called monitors from the Youth Justice Board actively encouraged restraint techniques (which were often injury inducing) that were criticised by the United Nations, the European Torture Committee and Parliamentarians on the Joint Committee on Human Rights. These techniques included the "nose distraction" technique, which involved members of staff punching non-complying children on the nose; other "restraint" techniques included punching children in the ribs and yanking their thumbs back. 14 year old Adam Rickwood was subjected to the "nose distraction" technique hours before he hung himself.
The extent of the abuse was also revealed in the judgement. The number of violent "restraints" on children ran at over 350 per month across the 4 STCs up until July 2008. Hassockfield STC seemed to use an almost gratuitous amount of violence against it's child inmates and during a six month period in 2004 applied violent "restraint" approximately 570 times.
The widespread use of unlawful violence over such a prolonged period was allowed and encouraged to take place because those employing it operated without any accountability and because an environment of frequent staff brutality was obviously considered appropriate for difficult and rebellious working class children.
Despite delivering a scathing condemnation of the STC regimes, Justice Foskett refused to make a judgement requiring the state to identify victims and notify them of their right to seek compensation. He claimed that such a judgement might have a "springboard" effect in creating a mass of compensation claims from both children and adults abused in state institutions. There was no suggestion either that a police investigation should be conducted into what took place in the STCs over such a prolonged period, nor any inquiry into the culpability of senior management at G4S and Serco or why both companies are continuing to run and operate penal facilities for children. In effect, everyone involved in the unlawful abuse of children in the STCs for over a decade got off scot-free.
An important question that emerges from this case is why the care and custody of already damaged children is still being entrusted to profit-driven private companies like G4S and Serco, who have clearly shown by this case a total disregard for the human rights of those in their custody? Running jails for profit is always morally dubious, but when it has been clearly established and proven that children have been so brutalised by regimes operating in privately owned child jails that some of them have been driven to kill themselves, then the whole corrupt business needs to be fundamentally questioned.
John Bowden
HMP Shotts
Lanarkshire
ML7 4LEOne of the most basic, but effective methods that people can use prevent harmful mosquito bites in high-risk regions is to make use of a mosquito net around their sleeping area. While organizations such as the Gates Foundation are working on ways to eradicate mosquito-borne disease, they also acknowledge that using a mosquito net is an economical and highly successful technique that should be used more often.
Whether you are travelling avoiding getting bitten by skeeters.
Mosquito Net Basics
Mosquito nets have been used for centuries, and it has even been recorded that Cleopatra used these nets for protection against insects. These nets nowadays. Ideally a mesh that has holes sizes under 1.2mm will keep mosquitoes away. To keep even smaller insects away, such as biting midges, hole sizes of 0.6mm and smaller such bugs from getting at you.
It is imperative to ensure that there no gaps or holes in the netting and that the netting is not resting on the skin, otherwise those determined insects will get access to you and cause havoc on your skin and to your health. When purchasing a mosquito net also make certain that there is ample netting and support to provide adequate protection.
Staying protected need not be an expensive exercise, especially if the mosquito net will be used for camping. Obviously, ensure that there is net coverage during sleep, and if need be, ask someone who is good at math or a camping expert or even a dressmaker, to work out how much coverage you will need. Don’t forget to allow enough height for draping if going with the classic pyramid style..
There are lots of choices of size and design of mosquito nets available. Below are three of the best mosquito nets to consider:
The JunoCamp Personal Mosquito Net
This net is growing in popularity with campers and is a relative newcomer to the market. It provides enough protection for one adult, is portable and light to carry, comes in army green, has no zipper or poles and therefore easy to set up. It can be used with a sleeping bag, cot or hammock. The mesh is made from a durable nylon with 80 holes per square cm that keep out small insects and, the manufacturers claim it withstands both sun and rain. This mosquito net comes with a storage sack allowing for compact storage and easy to carry. Find here..By Mylifeaslaurr In Features, FoodPosted March 18, 2017Eat with Lauren: Tamarina MiamiLast week, during my trip to South Beach, we wanted to go out for a nice dinner one night. We decided to venture into the city of Miami to get away from the craziness that can surround South [...] READ MOREIf you are injured in a car crash, you may be paid damages or compensation for your loss or injury. Get a Houston auto accident attorney who will work hard to get the compensation that may be owed to you.
HOSPITAL LIENS:
In Texas, hospitals are required to provide emergency care to patients within 72 hours of an accident, regardless of their ability to pay. Under Chapter 55 of the Texas Property Code, a hospital can place a lien on the negligent party to pay for that care. It’s our Houston auto accident attorneys’ job to work to see that you get the best result for your case.
PROPERTY DAMAGE:
Many drivers have insurance to cover the cost of car damages. Unfortunately, some drivers don’t have enough insurance to cover the cost of all the damages. An experienced Houston car accident lawyer may be able to make sure you’re not stuck paying the rest of the bills.
INSURANCE CLAIMS AND SETTLEMENTS:
If you are involved in a car crash that is not your fault, the negligent party’s insurance company may be responsible for your damages. Your Texas auto accident lawyer will issue a demand package requesting the amount of compensation we believe you are owed. If the insurance company agrees to pay that amount and you are satisfied with the offer, we will settle with that company—we will never settle without your consent.
Get help from someone who knows the law and who knows Texas. Terry Bryant Accident & Injury Law is here to help. Call us today at (800) 444-5000 or fill out a FREE initial consultation form.Edgy Long Haircuts
Edgy Long Haircuts – Do you have long hair and are worn out on the exhausting, customary hairdos that your decision is frequently restricted to? The up and coming design season, with the rebound of the seventies and the punk and grunge slant being particularly on, it is an opportunity to attempt some hot and edgy haircuts which will influence heads to turn and enable you to put forth an intense expression.
The edgy haircuts are described by the hair being trimmed in particular shapes around the edges; be it lopsided trims or sharp, squarish edges as blasts or as long tresses. Edgy haircuts are accomplished because of the new haircutting advancements generally accessible in every driving salon around the globe. These strategies assist beauticians with giving characterized shapes to the edges of your hair and give you a choice to have hilter kilter edges yet well trimmed hair.
In the event that you have long hair, the alternatives for getting an edgy hair style is numerous and will help you to put forth a style expression.
For a radical new look, attempt the look underneath – a sharp edged periphery on top with dispersed hair. Or, on the other hand you could go for the undercut – one side of the hair hummed up and shorted than the other.
Read More : Curly Long Hairstyle
In the event that you need something less radical, you could go for the long, layered look with the edges razored out and sharp to make an edgy, layered look to your long hair.
Layered and pleated – another edgy hair style for long hair is wearing the hair in long, layered trim with a portion of the hair creased up in style. It can be a style for one night or can be a lasting, new search for your long hair.
The long, edgy look – You could wear you long hair with calculated hits against top and lopsided layers with edgy hair closes. This look is incredible and drift setting.
For more informatiuon Hairstyle, you can click Hairjos.comThe flute is commonly used in orchestras, chamber music, wind ensembles/concert bands, military bands, and marching bands. The flute belongs to the woodwind family. My kids love orchestra performances especially performed by the Malaysia Philharmonic Orchestra in KLCC.
The above photo shows The Prelude PC711 piccolo which features a silver- plated head, composition body, silver-plated keys, conical bore body, and a split E mechanism. This value-priced selmer flute is an excellent beginner instrument. The composition body is impervious to temperature and moisture changes and makes this instrument great for both indoor and outdoor performance. An entry-level instrument that combines value and performance. If you are looking for a entry-level..this is a good one and you can check the website for more details.Shares of National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NYSE:NOV), declined – 0.57% to $40.46, amid its last exchanging session. In the last exchanging session, the stock proceeded onward high volume, exchanging at a volume of 7.95 M when contrasted with its normal day by day volume of 6.36 million shares.
National Oilwell Varco, Inc. plans, fabricates, and offers gear and segments utilized as a part of oil and gas penetrating, finishing, and creation; and gives oilfield administrations to the upstream oil and gas industry around the world. The organization’s Rig Systems portion offers area rigs; seaward penetrating gear bundles; and boring apparatus segments.
The stock, as of late close, has demonstrated week after week cheery execution of 7.49% which was kept up at 0.77% in 1-month period.
Credit Suisse keeps up its rating on National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NYSE:NOV). The worldwide business significant brings down the present value focus from $39 per offer to $33 per offer. Experts at the Credit Suisse have a present rating of Underperform on the shares. The rating by the firm was issued on September 4, 2015.
Shares of J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE:JCP), declined – 4.29% to $9.37, amid its last exchanging session. In the last exchanging session, the stock proceeded onward high volume, exchanging at a volume of 22.30 M when contrasted with its normal day by day volume of 11.84 million shares.
- C. Penney Company, Inc., through its accomplice, J. C. Penney Corporation, Inc., offers stock through retail establishments in the United States. The organization offers family attire and footwear, adornments, fine and form gems, magnificence items, and home furniture, notwithstanding gives different administrations, checking beauty parlor, optical, representation photography, and custom beautifying. As of March 18, 2015, it worked around 1,060 stores.
The stock, as of late close, has indicated week by week playful execution of 0.97% which was kept up at – 6.01% in 1-month period.
J C Penney Company stock declined after Citigroup started scope on the stock with an “offer” rating.
The firm set a value focus of $7 on the stock.
J.C. Penney’s organization confronts the troublesome errand of bouncing back from a fizzled procedure with inadequate income, and any change the organization find in working income will be discredited by upgrades in capital uses, Citigroup examiners said in a note, Barron’s.The side pocket scrapbooking technique is really easy and I really like it because you can add a lot of depth to a page very easily.
To create a side pocket, cut a square piece of scrapbook paper slightly smaller than the page you want to put it on. Cut it in half diagonally.
Fold over the diagonal edge about 1/4 inch.
Trim off the very tips that overhand and adhere to your page, lining up the edges. Stuff with ATC cards, photos, ephemera, et cetera.
Here's an example of one from my little ATC paper bag book where I did a double pocket, by making a smaller side pocket on top of the larger side pocket.
Return from Side Pocket Scrapbooking Technique to Techniques
SBI!Today, March 29th 2014, Gay people are finally given the right to same sex marriage in the UK! None of this civil partnership stuff, we're talking; a full wedding in a church, with a vicar and religious vows marriage – finally!!
I’m thankful that the UK is one of the most accepting and liberal countries in the world, but there is still a lot of judgement, prejudice and sometimes hatred towards homosexual people – It.drives.me.crazy!
One of my most favourite people in the world is my cousin, I knew he was gay from the moment I understood what “being gay” was, as did our entire family, but he didn’t officially come out until his late twenties and living with his then boyfriend.
I have said to him since, that it drove a small but significant wedge between us for a while, to which he replied that, despite our closeness he was scared his paternal and maternal families would reject him – even in the 21st Century. I was surprised, but not shocked, especially after seeing a statistic that; a fifth of all people in the UK wouldn't attend a gay wedding.
With the big hit of the First Kiss film, on Youtube, a new clip has been uploaded.
Homophobic people were asked to hug gay people. It’s incredibly interesting to watch as there are conversations like “How do you kiss another Guy?” Answer: “The same was you kiss a girl!” and statements such as “You’re so pretty to be gay”. They're gay, not aliens.
Watch below.
At a baby shower I went to recently, my friend’s Mother-in-law and I were chatting about everything from weddings, babies, TV, Movies, Food and the subject of homosexuality. Although I didn’t expect her to be quite as blunt, she hit the nail on the head; “The only difference between being gay or straight is how many genitals are in the bedroom".
Last week, there was a programme aired called Cure Me I’m Gay. In the show, celebrity Doctor Christian Jessen, who is openly gay, tried all manner of weird and disgusting “cures” for his sexuality. From self help books, therapy and a disgraceful treatment where he was basically poisoned whilst looking at sexual photos and a tape playing messages that say “Being Gay in wrong” and “It’s unnatural” playing in the room. This treatment was available on the NHS until the 1980’s and it left Dr. Jessen in tears and humiliated.
In another ridiculous treatment, Dr. Christian was asked to colour in a picture of his brain, the colours apparently showed how gay he was and in the subsequent following sessions, his colour preferences would turn to “straight colours”.
After watching the documentary I had a text conversation with my above mentioned cousin, which went like this:
Me: Did you watch the Cure Me I’m Gay documentary?
Cousin: No, why? Any good?
Me: Well, apparently we can cure your gay-ness by getting you to do some colouring in!
Cousin: I’ll get my felt tips ready!
......24 hours later
Me: Have you done your colouring it yet? Are you straight now?
Cousin: I’m about as straight as a circle!!
...and I wouldn’t have him or any of my gay friends and family, any other way!
L xTomorrow: 7:00 am to 6:00 pm
Welcome to FishinGurus(TM)
GAMMA Edge is a 100% Fluorocarbon line that provides desired attributes such as sensitivity, castability, strength, abrasion resistance, invisibility and shock resistance.
About GAMMA
"Molecular Alteration" is the fundamental basis of "Nanotechnology", which is a technology used to develop higher strength structural materials. After GAMMA processing, the "Molecularly Altered" filaments have an unprecedented combination of flexibility, shock resistance, strength, abrasion resistance and low memory compared to other lines in it's class. The resulting line is so unique, IT'S PATENTED!
The GAMMA Performance Money Back Guarantee:If you are not totally convinced that GAMMA's high performance lines are the best you've ever used, GAMMA will refund your money. For details, please visit Gamma on the web.
Why Fish GAMMA Edge
GAMMA Edge 100% Fluorocarbon line is the one line that can do it all! If you fish heavy cover you'll love it's abrasion and shock resistance when pulling fish from heavy cover. If you happen to be that finesse fisherman, you'll love it's castability, sensativity and it's invisibility. One common problem with fluoro lines has always been it's stiffness. The more flexible the line, the easier it lays on the reel resulting in better casting and that's where GAMMA Edge shines..Margot And The Nuclear So And Sos Talking In Code tab
"Talking In Code" by Margot and the Nuclear So & So's Tabbed by Drew Whitaker I've tabbed the basic picking pattern but it sounds better if you strum along inbetween - like it's done in the actual song itself. Standard Tuning C: X32010 Am7: X02010 F: 133210 G: 355430 Intro (basically): (C) (Am7) (C) (Am7) E-------------------------------------------------------------------| B----1-----------3-1-0h1------------3/5-3-0h1------------3-1-0h1----| G------0----0------------0----0---------------0----0-------------0--| D-------0h2---------------0h2------------------0h2------------------| A--3----------3-3-----0---------0-0--------3---------3-3------0-----| E-------------------------------------------------------------------| E-----------------------| B------------3/5-3-0h1--| G------0----------------| D--0h2------------------| A--------0-0------------| E-----------------------| For the verses just strum the chords and keep picking the bass line hammer-on's for the and D strings but leave out the B string part that's in the intro. During the chorus let high-e ring open for the F, G, and C chords. [Intro] I gotta [C] go, And your talking in [Am7] code, Saying I know where you've [C] been, And I know where you [Am7] go. But I've been [F] tir-[G]-ed from the [C] minute I woke, I stopped [F]listen-[G]-ing the [C] moment you spoke, And said [F] I'm [G] long [C] gone, Yeah, [F] I'm [G] long [C] gone. [Intro] And I'm sleeping [C] alone, In a house I don't [Am7] own, Cause if you're touring your [C] mind, You'll get lost [Am7] everytime... And you'll sing me [F] sad [G] songs to [C] keep me awake, In that [F] bed [G] room [C] we hid away, Baby, [F] I'm [G] long [C] gone, Yeah, [F] I'm [G] long [C] gone... [Intro] And your [F] voice [G] cracks [C] like a piano, You keep [F]mov-[G]-ing, [C]but where are you going, Baby, [F] we're [G] long [C] gone, Yeah, [F] we're [G] long [C] gone... Enjoy!
Story highlights
- A skier was buried under snow after triggering avalanche
- Avalanche safety instructor happened to arrive on the scene
(CNN)A backcountry skier in Colorado had some pretty good luck this week after triggering an avalanche that swept him over a 25-foot cliff and buried him under four feet of snow.
The avalanche blocked a stretch of Highway 550 between the towns of Silverton and Durango on Monday.
Here's where the luck comes in.
One of the people stuck behind the avalanche was an avalanche educator at the Silverton Avalanche School and a veteran of what's called heli-skiing, in which skiers are flown via helicopter to remote, untouched slopes.
Michael Barney and his wife, Sallie, were driving home from Durango when they happened upon the scene just minutes after avalanche.
At first, they thought people were digging to clear the road, but quickly realized someone was trapped.
He grabbed two shovels he had in his car and went to help.
Barney says the skier's partner had already located him with a beacon, after which he probed and dug about four feet.
"He had hit his partner's helmet as soon as I got there," Barney said.
At that point, the skier had been buried for about 15 minutes.
"I was able to use my hands to clear around his face and his airway and asked if he could breathe and he said yes," Barney said. "That was a huge relief -- I thought he would be unconscious."
The man was using a device called an AvaLung that makes it easier to breath under the snow.
Barney said that probably saved his life.
"He was okay and he was amazingly not injured and not even that cold," Barney said.
Barney said the skier didn't want to be identified, because he didn't want to worry his loved ones.
The Colorado Avalanche Information Center has recorded almost 400 avalanches since the start of 2017. There have been no fatalities.Report AbuseReport Abuse
Last Online adult Houston, better adult dating Ads
Online adult Houston fucked married girl Habersham Georgia. Get sucked on way to work. Clear your balls at some point... Do you have got a BIG nut to help you bust? Huge a good deal? Wanna bust justtonight? I can certainly host or traveling... x'x" x br br thirty-three waist VGL sparkling shaven white gentleman... any race is usually cool... BIG COCKS some sort of + Reply by means of stats and we can easily trade pics!!!. allowed me to caress and energize you. I want some help women's.
Online adult Houston find lady required free sex. Goodwill everyone smell good. Rosamunde yesterday evening ~xpm Most people: blonde hair, pleasure glasses, table in a corner with what was a group with coworkers. Me: catching up accompanied by a friend while catching your eye within the table across right from yours Send a pic thus know it's most people!. Friend to pose personally. requiring a regular fuck fest.
Online adult Houston Pamplona milfs. Just observed my wife from x years might be cheating on people. Redhead "trouble" from Ohio on vacation with her daughter I only had a short time to talk with you but sooo want to again. I kept observing you after and had not another chance to talk with you on- I could see within your eyes that you will wanted me towards. I saw you leaving in the gas station around the day we departed but was only permitted to wave and grin. I would have loved to acquire said more. Sometimes your just enjoy speaking with someone and people we're great person to discuss with. PS next time you have to take a vacation ensure you aren't the a built in babysister you'll have more fun. Put inside the title of the email my name in the event you remember me.. the younger OR older woman's friend. An individual loved it.
Come to cheney. Lonley as well as Looking Ok in lbs, local, stocky construct, shaved head, manly bottom, into healthy lifestyle ie exercising and eating more effective, not a fan but its important to be healthy and also feel good. I'm Don Obadencio check out my FB article... and let me know... PEACE.. Real Relationship along with mature white men. Fun loving heavier guy looking for BBW LTR.On Nov. 13, 2009, my father died. He was 80 years old. This year marks the fifth anniversary of his death.
My father grew up in a small town in Oklahoma. He had planned to stay there his whole life. After high school he went away to Oklahoma State University. He was drafted and sent overseas during the Korean War. Shortly after his return, he proposed to a woman he had met while at Oklahoma State University
Upon their marriage they returned to Fairland, Oklahoma, where the newly married couple tried to buy the local hardware store. That deal fell through.
My father then went to work for the Goodrich Tire Company in Miami, Oklahoma. While working there my father decided that he wanted to do something else with his life. My father and mother, along with two young children, then moved back to Stillwater, Oklahoma, where my father completed his degree and earned his teaching certificate.
Shortly after graduation the family moved to Albuquerque, New Mexico, where my father taught in an elementary classroom for the next 33 years.
My father understood the power of education. He was the first in his family to graduate from college. He knew that what he had in life was his because of education. His wife, his job, his perspective were all shaped by the experiences he had in school.
For my dad, school was important. School provided an opportunity. It gave people options. I learned from my father that doing well in school opened doors.
My father often spoke about how his life had been changed because of school. Correspondingly, my father emphasized that doing well in school would open up doors for me as well.
But my father also understood that education gave people a perspective. While going to school opened doors, going to school also created a healthy curiosity about the world.
Throughout my father’s life he was not afraid to ask questions or examine other perspectives. Education was not about finding the one right answer; education was about being confident that you had the ability and skill to search for the answer. Education was important because it gave you the skills and the confidence to look at multiple perspectives and examine multiple possible answers.
My father taught me that education changed lives because it gave people the ability to control their lives.
It is hard to believe that it has been five years since my father passed away. I think of my father often. He would be proud that I found my place in schools. I am proud that my father gave me a strong foundation and a strong belief in the power of schools to change lives.First Business Icons – Graphics Collection
A set of crystal commercial icon – vector material Come on everybody, just taking the following A set of crystal commercial icon vector material right here and right now, and it can do your great…The Whole Contents
Idea creative light design elements vector 05 download
Good morning, this post will give you some very impressive Photoshop material for your FREE downloading on the following related topic “ Idea creative light design elements vector 05 download ”….The Whole Contents
Beautifully green label – vector
The following FREE Beautifully green label – vector is posted here for your design reference and downloading, as on the following related information elements, such as design material, vector,Columbus football depth Shore Community College coaches may encourage student-athletes to apply via early decision. Students who are considering applying via early decision should be aware of the rules and obligations that this commitment entails. Beyond consideration for Columbus State University football depth chart, you may think about El Centro College test Athletic Facilities Maintenance Coordinator
Arizona State University
Schedule may vary depending on assigned sports or events. Monitors the condition of facilities and grounds, coordinating assessment with coaching staff..
5 days agoCala Comtessa
Cala Comtessa is a charming and small beach at the southern end of Illetas. The beach is located at the bottom of a steep hill decorated with beautiful pine trees. The beach boasts a nice view to the bay of Palma. Access for pedestrians, vehicles and boats. Sun beds and parasols available to let. The resort of Illetas and the neighbouring Bendinat are ideal bases for holidaymakers looking for an exclusive base in the outskirts of Palma and with all the amenities and attractions of the southwest close by, for this and other reasons it is well worth to stay in one of our fantastic holiday apartments and villas available in the area.( 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 )
Listing Expired for: 2009 Chopper-unlimited Tri
Gateway Classic Cars of Tampa is proud to offer this incredible lifted 1977 FORD F150 4x4! This awesome ... More
#1014-TPA Tampa
$34,595
Gateway Classic Cars of Tampa is proud to offer this Gorgeous 1961 Pontiac Laurentian at our Tampa showroom. ... MoreNot sure what career to choose? Contact us
Courses at TAFE NSW in Workplace Health and Safety will lead you into a range of career options across a diverse range of industries. We offer theoretical and practical learning environments that enable you to upgrade your competence in Workplace Health and Safety practices and regulations, giving you the necessary qualifications to enter the WH&S workforce.
After completion you could find work as a Workplace Safety Officer or a Health and Safety Representative for example.
Tough financial situation standing in your
way to achieve your dream career?
Here at TAFE NSW, we offer students financial assistance & support to ensure you can achieve your goals, without worries.
Find out more about financial assistanceMotion 205 wants more substance from Student Unions’ in order to support HE in FE students.
The motion was submitted by Further Education Zone Committee and states: “HE in FE continues to grow as a sector, and it is therefore vital that robust systems of accountability and representation are put into place to ensure that they get the most out of their learning experience.”
One bloke “loves this motion” because it cuts across many sectors.
Easily passes.
AdvertisementsAccording to Amnesty International, every 90 seconds a woman dies from complications of childbirth. In a efforts to help fight this issue in developing countries, October 17 was set aside as the global Maternal Health Day.
Today I want to share this clip I came across about a woman named Jessica Langton and her creative video/idea to save the lives of women and children in third world countries.
For more information on the 2015 Millennium Development goals go to
AdvertisementsOprah Winfrey
Famous People
Oprah is one of the richest women in the world. The Oprah Show became one of the top TV shows of all time. One of Oprah's special projects is keeping children safe from abuse. Would Oprah make a good president?
Lesson Audio
Lesson Tasks
- vocabulary review tasks
- reading
- comprehension questions
- group discussion
Vocabulary
- host
- abuse
- encourage
- hire
- local
- popular
- famous
- nominate
- author
- support
- award
- project
- tune inKula Sweet Promo Code or Coupon January 2018
DontPayFull
Shop Now
Save this deal
What product do you want to buy from kulasweet.com?
Never miss a deal from Kula Sweet!
Follow this store to get the best deals. A good deal can make your day better!
Would you recommend this store?
Subscribe!
Get our top coupon codes directly to your inbox.IRC: #snes on irc.freenode.net
SNES Central on Twitter: @snescentral
Hard Patching Guide
Before starting, you should note that hard patching your rom will permanently change your rom, so if you wish to have a copy of the original rom, make the copy before you apply the patch!
To hard patch, first download Snestool. Extract Snestool in the directory that your rom and patch are in
Now open up Snestool and use the arrow keys to highlight Use IPS:
Press enter and it will prompt you to choose an IPS patch:
Select your patch and press enter.
You now have to select your rom file. You have to be careful if you have more than one rom in your folder as the program uses DOS 8 character names. I always recommend keeping only one rom in your directory as having similarily named files can lead to confusion.
Press enter, and voila, the rom is patched!
Also note that some patches require you to add or delete the header in the rom (always read the faq that comes with the patch to make sure). Using Snestool, you can do this using similar steps as above.NPL heavyweights shape up for Dockerty Cup semfinal clash
Can South's momentum get them past an opponent who have consistently proven to be very difficult to defeat in recent meetings?
South's Nick Epifano scored twice against Heidelberg United at AAMI Park last Sunday. Photo: Mark Avellino/ FFV
There.
- project is expected to be completed by the fall of 2018.
Greek authorities will be seeking to repatriate the valuable art works.
A new global speed test index reveals Greece's broadband speeds rank below developing countries.
Britain's 'Domestic Goddess' has returned Down Under enjoying classic Greek mezze.
Maria Kourkouta is one of 14 artists from around the world being featured as part of the 'In Your Dreams' exhibition, exploring the impact of wealth inequality.
The annual Babougera festival, a celebration of wine and fertility, made noise last weekend in Drama.
It may be tempting to grab a beach towel and spend your afternoon snoozing in the sun, but caution should be exercised to stay safe, doctors say.
The Greek PM is facing a busy schedule of international meetings this month.
The cyber group has named the Turkish President a "Liar" tampering with his photos.
Filmed by Up Drones, the video features beautiful scenes from the Acropolis to Cape Sounion, and documents the oil spill in the Athens Riviera and flash floods in Mandra.
With 87 stocks demonstrating gains, Greece's stock market is showing great promise for 2018.
Researchers in Germany have developed a method of turning yoghurt whey into bio-oil.
The 22-year-old and his family have started up the NK Foundation, aimed at giving underprivileged children the opportunity to play sport.
Dimitris Koufodinas who was granted a 48-hour furlough in 2017 is able to apply again after 60 days.
Christos Cafcakis has been charged with importing commercial quantities of border-controlled drugs suspected of being unlawfully imported.
A teenage girl in Rye made history becoming the first female to retrieve the cross in Australia.- Country United States
- Posted 3 months ago
- Ad Type Rv
- State Delaware
- City Seaford
- Make Keystone
- Model Cougar
- Year 2018
- Condition New
- Color -
- Mileage -
- Body Type Travel Trailers
- VIN 8235
Advertise publishing date exceeded 30 days.
If would like contact to seller, click here.
Seller's Note:
2018 Keystone Cougar XLite 34TSB
2018 Cougar by Keystone Model 34TSB Travel Trailer. WOW!! What an AWESOME LUXURIOUS FAMILY FRIENDLY trailer this 1 is folks!! It sleeps up to 11, has 3 slides, and is absolutely LOADED UP with high end features and options!! In the front of the unit you will find a private master bedroom with a walk around King sized bed. Next you will discover a spacious walk through bathroom with a corner shower. Centrally located are the living and kitchen areas. This is the location of 2 large opposing slide outs. 1 slide houses the appliances and a large entertainment area that includes a flat screen television and fireplace while the other houses a full booth dinette and luxurious sofa. There is also a large center island with a double sink. In the rear of the unit is a separate bunk room for the kids. This is the location of the 3rd slide out that houses an upper bunk and lower sofa that easily converts into a bed. On the opposite side of the room are 2 more bunks. Again, this unit sleeps up to eleven people!!Home Auctions
Do you want to sell your Northeast Ohio home?
So many people. Many homeowners are now looking at a home auction as the best way to get their home sold – and fast!
Are you considering putting your home up for sale in the near future? Northeast Ohio and Geauga county home auctions are usually complete within 30 to 60 days of listing your home. You will know that the entire process won’t take months to complete and you won’t have to be subject to showings that happen at the most inconvenient times.
The auction process is simple.
When you decide to sell your Cleveland home, you will need a Northeast Ohio real estate auctioneer. After a visit to your home, the auctioneer team will put together all of the marketing information about your home and set a date for the actual auction. During the weeks before the auction, the auctioneer will place ads in local papers as well as online with the details about your home. Usually, there are 2 to 3 scheduled times when people can come and visit your home before the auctions. Knowing about these well in advance makes it easy on you and your family.
On the day of the auction, your real estate auctioneer will come to your home and set up. Buyers are outside of the home and need to register. Within a short amount of time the auction starts and your home is sold. A deposit will be left with the auctioneer and the title work will begin, usually closing within a standard 1-2 month window.
Sound like a process that would work for you? Let the experts at the O’Reilly Auctions assist you with all of your auction needs. Contact us today for more information!
Contact The O’Reilly Auctions TeamThe Twittersphere went crazy when this ref made his first call during the National Championship Game between Alabama and Clemson.
It was not because of the call he made, but his arms caught the attention of sports viewers everywhere.
Two tickets please. 💪— ESPN CollegeFootball (@ESPNCFB) January 10, 2017
Mike Defee, 54, is a Big 12 referee and once he made his first call during the game, nobody could ignore his obvious beefiness.
when every day is arm day pic.twitter.com/V9i7kACi1l— ESPN CollegeFootball (@ESPNCFB) January 10, 2017
Hey, at least he keeps himself in shape. He kind of has to in order to run with those young, college athletes.
Photos | National Championship game: Alabama vs. Clemson
© 2018 WXIA-TV
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the
Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Its really quite simple , its risk vs reward , thats in the real world , however NZ does not live in the real world , the trend has been away from , 1 ) holding people to account for doing wrong , & 2 ) punishing them to a correct level .
And by being too soft on the crims , we are really telling them its OK to do criminal acts .
Look at how things where say 30yrs ago , a crim virtually never struck a Police Officer , EVER , why they actually knew they would be up in front a real Judge the next day ( not next yr ) , and he would sentence the crim to 6mths minimum , end of short story , a known & imediate consciquence .
Now see what happens , the Lawers & Judges put off sentencing for several mths , and when they have maxed out the legal gravy train money , then 6-12 mths latter they hand down a sentence that is as harsh a slap on the wrist with a wet bus ticket .
Yrs ago a old Cop in charge of the Police stn cells , had a jumped up woman Lawyer come to see a prisioner , the Old Cop had the guy handcuffed & chained down in the interview room , he tells her he is very violet and will kill her given 1/2 a chance , see says NO , he is not to be treated like a animal , and abuses the hell out of the Old Cop , at this stage he has had enough .
So he does as the lawyer asks , uncuffs/chains him , & knowing whats about to happen , goes for a smoke outside , takes his time ( he could have stayed outsied the room & been able to respond imediately to trouble/noise etc ) , once he has finished his smoke , comes back inside to see how she is .
Yeap , almost dead , not quite , Old Cop grabs the prisioner puts the cuffs back on him , rings for ambulance .
Guess what , when he next sees her , she is walknig with a permeant limp , and she LISTENs to the Old Cops advise now , and NEVER interviews a prisoner again with out the prisioner being restrained .
Guess she learned how the real world works , instead of her utopia world , as in all things there is a gap between actual & theory .
though i think you mean violent not violet i agree completely
Just to illustate a difference , in NZ you can do somethings , and in say the Philippines those same things are not options at all , so all countries are different in what can or should be done .
Here's a true story , but it serves to show you vast difference in what is needs to be done .
Basically , a guy runs a little shop in a small town in the Philippines , he employs a guy to work in the shop , after a short time he realises the guy is stealing from him , so sacks him , pretty std so far, no dramas you think , there is a consquence for his action .
But he thinks he has been treated unfairly ( he has not , hes just a wrongun ) , so he ambushs his old boss , as he leaves his shop on scooter , shots him in the back of the head a couple of times with a 45acp pistol .
So in short he has committed murder , and everyone in the village knows it , and his name and where he lives , and they do nothing .
The family of the young guy killed , rightly want Justice , But as this is the Philippines , things are vastly different from the developed world , so the options are very different , they go to the police & tell them what has happened , and the name & address of the killer , I can tell you , that the cops will say Yeap thanks for that we will look into it , thats a total lie , what they do is stay seated playing cards ( you are thinking WHY ? , are they doing nothing , because why work when you 1 ) get payed poorly 2 ) can do nothing 3 ) feel if people want them to work they can pay / bribe them to do their actual job 4 ) it maybe a little risky to arrest him ( not too much of a problem as they are heavly armed & have numbers on their side 5 ) it may cause more problems in village ( so they do NOTHING , thats the default for them .
So their are only 3 options available to the family .
1 ) Take the law into their own hands & have either a family member kill him or pay a contract killer to do it ( this is the cheapest option in terms of money spent ) , and its the quickest .
2 ) Do NOTHING , in NZ you are thinking , that this is not Justice , but maybe you can live with IT , actually this is NOT a option EVER in the Philippiines , because what you have just done is tell everyone in the Village they can steal & kill your family members and donot have to worry about the consquences , as there are none , and now more of your family will be killed & robbed , opps .
3 ) Pay the Cops to arrest him , pay the Cops & Polices chief to hold in the cell , then pay Lawyer & Judge to do thier JOB , and once you have him in prision , you pay the Prision Warden to keep him in prision , and even thou you have payed the Police off ( bribe ) , and the Lawyer & the Judge ( bribe ) , you will still be paying the Prision Warden off evry year you want him to stay in prision , thats what happens in the Philippines .
This is not the way Justice should work , but its the real world for people who live in the Philippines & maybe other 3rd world countries , now just to be crystal clear , the Philippines has a LOT of Laws , written as statues/etc , but is let down by the actions of the services agencys that should make the Laws REAL/Work .
Opps , OK , most people in the Philippines are poor , having said that run thru the 3 options I gave you , and pick , what you think happens most often , remember you are poor , evry poor .
Opps , option 3 # is very , very expensive , you are paying off a LOT of people , and as in all things the higher the postion the MORE they want , the Judge gets a whole lot more than say the Cop .
mcdeee,
Yes.
veitnamcam,
I do see what you mean, but if you've ever been threatened with a knife, or a screwdriver for that matter, you'd wish the perpetrator to also go away for a looong time. A lethal weapon is a lethal weapon is a lethal weapon, is it not? Threatening to kill, whatever way, is an extreme act and warrants dire consequences. You just do NOT point any weapon at anyone, zero tolerance!
Guns don't kill people - cars do.
Rule 3: Load a firearm only when ready to fire
Chicken Intolerant.
Here is a way to reduce robberies in dairy's slash tobacco prices by 85% I have never smoked but I have noticed as tobacco has gone up so has the amount of violent dairy robberies.
Take the value of the reward out of the crime then what's the point in committing the crime to begin with ?
"Ideas are more powerful than guns. We would not let our enemies have guns, why should we let them have ideas"
veitnamcam
I'm glad you were young and strong enough to defend yourself back in that situation.
Screwdrivers (and knives) do not have the same mass-killing potential as handguns. This is balanced however by the fact that there are so many more of them, and in many more hands. They therefore might warrant more severe deterrents against abuse, but definitely not less.
Guns don't kill people - cars do.
Not sure about you guys, but I'd rather be robbed with an airsoft gun than a knife.
Truthfully if they don't have their fake gun, they're just going to grab a knife out the kitchen.
What would you personally prefer?
Bookmarksbug in tutorial??
Wed, 2012-06-20 06:29
Hi this is Enigma to report somthing i belive is a bug in the RS tutorial.
in tutorial number 2 it says to use boosts but it doesnt actully let you use boosts is this a mistake?
(p.s please delete this thread when fixed if it is mistake.)Today and yesterday’s Census data dump is of three states that didn’t gain or lose seats but will need some internal adjustment to reflect population movement from the cities and the rural areas to the suburbs: Minnesota, New Mexico, and Tennessee. (It also included three states with at-large seats that we won’t need to discuss: Alaska, Montana, and North Dakota.) ‘dummymander’ written all over it).*Audio Highlights* with LaRouche
Stop the 'New Violence,'Create a New Renaissance'
Helga Zepp LaRouche Speech to Sao Paulo State Appellate Criminal Court,
Dr. Renato Nalini
Sao Paulo Awards Lyndon LaRouche Honorary Citizenship
June 17, 2002 - In a solemn ceremony June 12, 2002, economist, statesman, and pre-candidate Lyndon H. LaRouche, Jr. was awarded honorary citizenship for Sao Paulo, by the City Council of that city of more than 18 million people, the third largest in the world.
LaRouche was invited to Brazil to receive this honor by Dr. Havanir Nimtz, the principal representative on the Sao Paulo City Council of the PRONA party, City Council session was later formally suspended, in order to convoke the special session awarding LaRouche his citizenship. The ceremony, held in an auditorium in the City Council building, commenced with a military band playing the national anthem of Brazil, and an a capella rendition of the U.S. national anthem. After the official proclamation was handed to LaRouche, Dr. Havanir and Dr. Eneas each spoke about Mr..
LaRouche gave three public addresses during his week-long visit to Brazil, in addition to his speech to the City Council ceremony. than,.
On June 13, LaRouche was the featured speaker at a business luncheon sponsored by the Sao Paulo Commercial Association, which drew over 40 of Brazil's leading businessmen, keenly interested in discussing new solutions for the global economic crisis, as Brazil's financial pyramid begins to crumble.
The following day, LaRouche. The seminar, held at the auditorium of the ADESG in Sao Paulo, opened to a full house, with a public exchange of ideas between LaRouche and Colonel Seineldin, the latter hooked up by telephone from his military prison in Argentina. LaRouche then addressed the political and epistemological basis on which successful integration of Ibero-America, as between any differing nations, must be built..
See above for other presentations in Sao Paulo, Brazil
Related Pages
Who is Lyndon LaRouche?
LaRouche's Speech on Brazil Agriculture, October, 2001
In the Footsteps of John Quincy Adams
Call for A Dialogue of Cultures
The American Intellectual Tradition
LaRouche Dialogues in 2002
New Bretton Woods Is Needed Now- -To Defeat The Cult of Free Trade
Eurasian Landbridge- "Go there!"
Stop the New Violence
JOIN THE SCHILLER INSTITUTE!
Physical EconmyMTV VMAs 2016: Most Talked About Moments Inc Kanye's New Video, Drake Admitted He Loves Rihanna & Celebs Fangirling
29 August 2016, 04:
It's always an unmissable night in the world of music - and this year was no exception! Check out all the must-see moments from the MTV VMAs 2016!
All the stars come out in force for the MTV VMAs - and 2016's event saw everyone from Ariana Grande to Kimye grace the red carpet and take to the stage on the night.
MTV VMAs 2016: Live Stream Blog - Catch All The Action From Madison Square Garden
Check out all the unmissable moments, from Beyonce walking the red carpet with Blue Ivy and Kanye West premiering his new video to Frankie Grande's dance moves in the audience.
It finally happened - Drake admitted he's LOVED Rihanna since he was 22 years old!
When Drake gave a speech for Rihanna's Vanguard Award, he managed to drop in the fact that he's always been in love with Rihanna from the day he met her. Can you guys just get married already?!
I'm just gonna leave this gem right here... #VMAs pic.twitter.com/31c5QZlpXJ— Video Music Awards (@vmas) August 29, 2016
Kanye West premiered his new music video 'Fade' after a traditional four-minute monologue
"I came here to present my new video, but before I do that, Imma talk." - @kanyewest #VMAs— MTV (@MTV) August 29, 2016
NEW @KANYEWEST VIDEO— MTV (@MTV) August 29, 2016
Beyonce walked the red carpet with Blue Ivy, who looked ADORABLE!
Queen Bey brought her little girl along for a turn on the red carpet - and gave us serious mother and daughter goals as they both rocked some very extravagant gowns - but we have to say our fave was Blue's princess dress!
Ariana Grande performed with Nicki Minaj... on an exercise bike!
NGL, you're lucky if we make it to the gym once a month, let alone SING on an exercise bike - but Ariana proved she had some serious #skillz as she took to the stage and killed two birds with one stone!
The fact that this girl can still belt while exercising is beyond me #VMAs @ArianaGrande pic.twitter.com/JtErbvvJJJ— Video Music Awards (@vmas) August 29, 2016
Frankie Grande won the award for biggest fan boy of the night - and danced along to EVERY performance
SRSLY. We need to make him our best mate, like, now because Frankie Grande is our spirit animal, busting out some SERIOUS moves to all of the night's performances!
you're the best @frankiegrande #vmas pic.twitter.com/0uCIIbaEqR— ádri (@purposejb) August 29, 2016
Chance The Rapper SERIOUSLY fangirled when Kanye West name-dropped him as the 'future' of music
Well, you would get pretty excited if Kanye gave you such a high accolade, right?
Chance The Rapper when Kanye called him the future. He's such a fangirl lol #VMAs pic.twitter.com/DkQf4OxKtQ— // Venny // (@DarthVenn) August 29, 2016
Britney got up close and VERY personal with G Eazy on stage...
....erm, what are you grabbing there, Brit?!!!
PHEW, that was eventful. See you next year for more of the same from the MTV VMAs!All results are hidden due to the current filter settings.
Pet Friendly Hotels in Sanibel, FL
There are 21 pet friendly hotels in Sanibel,
-tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-1283194685237019772.post6447444372886437656..comments2018-01-10T11:07:25.696+02:00Comments on The NMRlipids project: Revision requested for the first manuscriptMarkus Miettinen we would have this sentence without references,...If we would have this sentence without references, it would seem weird for most readers who do not know that there exists such calculations.<br /><br /.<br /><br />The two publications cited here address this topic by studying the energetics using Berger model for lipid headgroup. For example, in citation 146 it is written: <br />."<br /><br /. <br /><br />In conclusion, I think that this sentence should be included here due to the high relevance of the dehydration energetics discussion. The citations should be used to connect the statement to the previous research. I think that this is appropriate scientific discussion.<br /><br /.<br /><br />Based on these points, I will keep the sentence and references as they are, unless there are objections presented before noon (Finnish time) tomorrow.Samuli Ollila am posting the following on behalf (and with the...I am posting the following on behalf (and with the permission) of Matej Kanduc, so it can be openly discussed. (This is an email from him to me today.)<br /><br />+++<br /><br />Hey Sir,<br /><br />Today we were talking about this statement in the MS: "This may have some influence on dehydration energetic calculations made using the Berger model. [144,146]"<br /><br /.<br /><br />Because you guys have a better idea about these influences discussed in the paper, you can better estimate how strong this claim is, and whether it be reworded, if not even omitted at all...<br /><br />Best,<br />MatejMarkus Miettinen for the other one as well. I think both wou...Thanks for the other one as well. I think both would be good. I have opened a voting:<br /><br />Please, let us know if you have a favorite.Samuli Ollila think both are great but I'll go with the on...I think both are great but I'll go with the one suggested by Patrick and Samuli.fernando favela suggestion for the TOC graphic (I put it t...Another suggestion for the TOC graphic (I put it together quickly so I'm not 100% sure that it's scientifically correct):<br /> Javanainen think this looks very good! Thanks. I added the ...I think this looks very good! Thanks. I added the 13C NMR splitting into the figure and made some minor changes. See<br /><br /><br />I did also added all the files to GitHub. If you want to modify but not to use GitHub, you can do as before. I will update with GitHub then.Samuli Ollila made a first try of TOCS: made a first try of TOCS:. If someone wants to modify it, the ppt file is here:. Let me know what you think.Patrick deadline for the submission of the revised ver...The deadline for the submission of the revised version is 22-Aug-2015.<br /><br />I think that the replies to the reviewer are pretty much finished now, except the point 3 which is discussed now here:<br /><br /><br />Also I do not have the TOC figure yet, thus all ideas related to this are very welcomed. <br /><br />Once these two issues are managed we can submit the revision. Also other comments regarding the replies are welcomed before submission.Samuli Ollila have now added this data in the supplementary ma...I have now added this data in the supplementary material, updated the text and the reply to the reviewer:<br /><br /><br /><br /> Ollila have now received the reply from the Journal of ...Samuli Ollila, I compute, as suggested, the angle between g2...Hi,<br /><br />I compute, as suggested, the angle between g2-g3 (and g1-g3) and the membrane normal for the simulations with Cholesterol (I have done it with my simulations, i.e 'HS' and the ones of Fernando, i.e 'F').<br /><br />Here the results:<br />Simulation g1-g3 g2-g3<br />0% HS 65.75 46.71<br />0% F 65.27 46.63<br />10% F 65.62 46.83<br />15% F 64.43 46.68<br />20% HS 66.16 46.45 <br />20% F 67.39 47.32<br />25% F 66.13 46.77 <br />35% F 67.82 48.39<br />50% HS 67.12 50.83<br />50% F 66.98 50.56<br /><br />The differences are not really striking. I could also compute the standard error if needed.<br /><br /><br />I agree with the comment 3, maybe we could explain a bit more the quantification. What are the range of values for "almost within experimental error", "clear deviation from experiments" and "major deviation from experiments"? and how the severity was computed.<br /><br />Cheers,<br />HubertHubert SantuzMONROE, La. (KNOE) - Terrence Conway is charged with simple battery to the infirm, accused of punching a 72-year-old man in the face.
According to records from the Ouachita Parish Clerk of Court, the victim and his girlfriend got into an argument and the victim asked his girlfriend to leave the home. The victim reported his girlfriend refused to leave and that's when he said he began pushing her out of the home while holding a two-prong cooking fork. The victim told deputies he accidentally scratched his girlfriend's head and that's when Conway, the girlfriend's brother, allegedly walked into the home and hit the victim on the left side of his forehead.
Conway is being held at the Ouachita Correctional Center on a $5,000.00 bond.Drug Rehab Center Olathe KS – Call (913) 203-1188 Now!
Alcohol Drug Addiction Recovery Center Olathe, KS Call 913-203-1188 to Get Help Today! For many, the pain and helplessness of substance dependency makes them feel cornered, and they don’t understand how to endure any more suffering. However, at Drug Addiction Recovery Center Olathe, KS, there are people who realize substance addiction can be overcome, and who will lend a hand to users so they can free themselves from the guilt and shame that drug dependency feeds on. It has been medically proven that substance dependency is an illness, and should be handled with the exact same scientific scrutiny as other illnesses, like cancer. Our highly experienced professionals specialize in alcohol and drug treatments so that every one of our clients get the optimum level of care. Call immediately to speak with an addiction recovery specialist at Drug Rehab in Olathe!
Treatment Custom-Designed for Each and Every Person
Drug Addiction Recovery Center Olathe, KS designs rehabilitation programs for our clients on an individual basis. All too frequently, treatment centers use the same rehab methods for each and every addiction and each addict. That one-size-fits-all method doesn’t deal with the foundation of substance abuse or assist the client to learn to overcome substance abuse on their own. Drug Rehab Olathe, Kansas creates a perfect environment to help users overcome drug and alcohol abuse, customizing treatment plans in a secure, clean, supportive environment. Drug Addiction Recovery Center Olathe, KS provides the right environment throughout treatment, with beautiful living accommodations, group and individual therapy, healthy activities and diversions, access to twelve-step meetings, and an experienced aftercare team.
The Benefits of Recovery
Drug rehab helps people be aware of which lifestyle decisions are the best, and provides with them the tools to keep away from environments where substance abuse is likely, and Drug Rehab Centers in Olathe know adopting these skills helps to prevent future drug and alcohol use. The feelings of social ostracization and internal distress, together with the physical and psychological abuse of drugs, should be treated through drug rehab; even though it’s not always suitable, detox is sometimes needed to deal with the physical addiction to drugs. Drug Addiction Recovery Center Olathe, KS evaluates the mental origins of drug and alcohol dependency so they are able to customize an ideally effective treatment program for each client. During rehabilitation, clients learn how to deal with the physical and mental ramifications of dependency, and come to acknowledge the emotions, places, and those that encouraged their addictions.
Time to Make a Change
With Drug Addiction Recovery Center Olathe, KS, clients experience a custom rehabilitation program that matches their needs, regardless of their addiction or history. The purpose of rehabilitation is not only to get clean, but to discover ways to keep away from the people and places that may affect a recovering addict to begin abusing drugs again, which is why many people find rehab to be most effective if they seek treatment far away from the old temptations of their hometown, and in a fresh setting. Treatment services and facilities are available in many places, with professional staff and a tradition of high quality care at reasonable prices.
With so much information on TV and on the internet, individuals who suffer from drug addiction might now know who to talk to, or where go for help. However, it is tough to judge which methods are efficient, or what information is even correct. Drug Addiction Recovery Center Olathe, KS is an excellent resource to use when trying to sift through all of the information about treatment. Operators are available twenty-four hours a day, so call 913-203-1188 and talk to a trained drug abuse expert today!Wondering the look of 1500 square foot. Currently, we want to share you some galleries for your best ideas to choose, whether the particular of the photo are very interesting pictures. We hope you can make similar like them. Ameriprise financial expands katy office keep growing client base, Houston took over additional square feet space its katy office brought associate advisors keep growing client base ctravissaacke.
We got 1500 square foot collection, there are many picture that you can browse, we hope you like them too.
Below are 9 top images from 17 best pictures collection of 1500 square foot photo in high resolution. Click the image for larger image size and more details.
1. Square Feet Search Results
2. Eplans Low Country House Plan Long Covered Porch Square Feet
3. Small House Plans Under Eplans Country Plan
4. Square Feet Bedrooms Batrooms Parking Space Levels
5. Moved Permanently
6. Bungalow House Plan Charming Brick Square Feet
7. House Plans Google Search Simple Home Pinterest
8. Aarcity Regency Park Floor Plan
9. Eva Square Feet One Story Beach House Plans Space DesignI walked into the gym for the pep rally and found a spot on the bleachers at the bottom left corner. There are a lot of kids in here–and I don’t know one of them. Oh wait, there’s Lisa. Our neighbor introduced her to me over the summer. She babysits for them and they thought it would be nice for me to know at least one person at school. Nice of her to wave. How obvious is it that I’m sitting here by myself listening to conversations all around me?
I’ve spent all day listening. Homeroom was interesting. Everyone bounding into the classroom excited to see who would be there, to catch up over summer. It didn’t take long to figure out who the popular kids in the room were. If the squeals and hugs hadn’t given it away, the gawking and fawning were impossible to miss. And there was plenty of time piece it all together. Time truly slows down when you’re the 14 year old new kid sitting in the middle of a room of your peers. Is the teacher ever going to show up? Will I finally get a chance to use my voice to at least say “here.”
But that was hours ago. Since then I’ve wandered through halls trying to find classrooms on this sprawl of a campus. My friends from home won’t ever believe that the hallways are outside. Guess we don’t have to worry about the snow here. I suffered through lunch trying not to seem so obviously alone. There is no way I can come back and do this all again tomorrow. Two thousand kids laughing and joking and rushing around, and I’m being carried by the current like a salmon that’s given up.
…to be continuedHolidaymakers in the Marsa Matrouh governorate on Egypt’s Mediterranean coast will have more to enjoy than the sun, sand and sea next summer. They will also be able to explore the Rommel Cave Museum, the place where German army field marshal Erwin Rommel, the so-called “Desert Fox”, hid in the area’s cliffs and planned German military operations against the British during World War II.
Rommel was one of Germany’s leading field commanders in World War II, and he was famous for his battle tricks, courage, determination and leadership. He fought the 12-day Battle of Alamein against the British from 23 October 1942, only to retreat on 4 November in the face of an onslaught by British troops.
According to a plaque at the Cave Museum, Rommel died in October 1944, having been accused of plotting against the life of German dictator Adolf Hitler and given the choice of either standing trial or quietly committing suicide to ensure the safety of his family. Rommel chose the latter course, and his death was announced as having been due to a heart attack.
The cave is located near the Rommel Beach in Marsa Matrouh, and it was originally cut out of the rocky cliffs during the Roman period as a storage space due to its position near an ancient seaport. When the German troops entered Al-Alamein, Rommel selected the cave as his military headquarters because it was hidden in the cliffs overlooking the harbour.
In 1977, I.
Among the exhibited objects are Rommel’s full-length leather coat, clothes trunk, photographs, field telephone, compass, military attire, maps he drew himself, battle plans and medals he received from Hitler. Copies of a newspaper produced by Rommel’s troops in Africa during the war, called Al-Waha (Oasis), are also on display, as well as boxes housing the files of German soldiers from the time.
In 2010, the museum was closed for restoration and development, and it has since been closed to the public. However, last month the Ministry of Antiquities resumed restoration work at the cave and the conservation of its artefacts, saying that it would be reopened to the public within the next two months.
“The reopening of the Rommel Cave Museum highlights the aim of the Ministry of Antiquities to promote tourism through opening new attractions as well as increasing awareness among Egyptians in general,” Elham Salah, head of the Museums Sector at the ministry, told Al-Ahram Weekly.
She said that work was in full swing in order to reopen the museum at the beginning of the summer season with the aim of providing holidaymakers with a new destination to visit. The opening hours of the museum would be extended towards the evenings in order to provide visitors with a night-time option after spending the day at the beach, she said.
Development work is also being conducted at the nearby Marina Al-Alamein archaeological site, originally the ancient town of Taposiris Magna or Abusir. The site includes the ruins of an ancient temple, a small lighthouse and a series of catacombs.
The aim is to landscape the area and integrate existing monuments into a more accessible and recognisable historical site for visitors. The facilities will include a parking area, an entrance gate and a ticket and information office. There will also be a new visitor route with boards carrying information about the site and an enclosed area displaying artefacts.Research
Area 5
Oncology and haematology
Area leader:
Dra. Dolors Colomer
(Hospital Clínic).
The research lines of the different teams dedicated to the study of cancer are focused on the molecular mechanisms involved in the programmed growth and death of cells, the development of neoplastic models and improvements in diagnosing cancer with new tumour markers. In addition, the haemato-oncology teams study the different erythropathies and disorders of haemostasis as well as blood coagulation. The large number of national and international collaborations produced in this area, together with the many original articles generated, show that oncology and haematology are topics of current interest in the biomedical sector.
-)Prospecting – Top Strategies for Building Your Database of Target Contacts
This step in any sales process is always a challenge and yet the most important. This list of top strategies for building your database of target contacts will potentially explode your business growth if managed well. So here goes…a summary of the top strategies I have employed to make sure my most valuable asset not on the balance sheet gets the attention it needs.
- Optimise your online presence – Make sure your website is optimised to encourage people to connect with you and experience some of the value you provide your clients. This includes content delivery, multimedia, Search Engine Optimisation (SEO), good web design, and frequency of posting online. Social media pages are also critically important here as so many people hang out online and depending your ideal type of market, one platform might be better than others. Either way you need to be found, and you need to happy that your online presence reflects the brand and image you want.
- Build a sales funnel – part of your online presence, a sales funnel can be a great way to attract prospects and get them to exchange their details for some exclusive content or offer. You have probably seen such marketing before if you have ever popped your email into a box and downloaded a whitepaper or special report. The great thing about this strategy is that the people providing you their details are qualified prospects curious enough to find out more about you and it can operate 24/7 365 days of the year!
- Social media advertising – Facebook advertising is inexpensive and can be a great way to raise awareness of your business online. It can also be used to reach a large audience that you would not normally have access to via other marketing strategies. You need to keep in mind like all advertising it is a bit of “hit and miss” but with the right testing and measuring of activity you can tweak your strategy to get better results. Google AdWords, LinkedIn advertising, and even Twitter advertising may have a place in your marketing strategy. Remember though, you may be advertising to an audience that doesn’t know you so keep your expectations in check. Consistency is the key.
- Buy or rent a list from a list broker – there are several list brokers out there that you can purchase or rent a database list from depending on what you want to achieve with your marketing. For a fee per 1000 records you can get access to contact details for your target market by providing criteria that the data can be filtered by to give you better quality records
- Search online directories – look for networking groups, industry groups, local business directories and so on that publish information in the public domain. Use these directories to make some initial contact that will then give you the opportunity to add them to your database.
- Join industry associations – industry associations typically attract members that have common interests and needs. Find groups that are relevant to your products and services and then become a member so you can tap into the audience and promote how you can add value.
- Subscribe to business intelligence services – there are organisations out there that you can subscribe to and gain access to specific information on businesses that might be targets for your products and services. Dun & Bradstreet offers a service as do others that contain contact information and even financial information that you can use to research your ideal type of customers.
- Attend trade shows and conferences – whether you are displaying your wares or are just visiting a trade show or conference, there is always opportunity to get qualified information that you can then add to your database. If you’re resourceful enough you might even be able to get your hands on the database of everyone that attended and exhibited!
- Network your pants off! The key here is network in circles that are going to advance your profile rather than surround you with others like you looking for potential customers to market to. Living on the Gold Coast, I can spend 7 days a week morning, noon and night attending networking functions. The key is to be selective – go where your target customers go, not just where people like you go looking for potential customers to market to.
- Pound the pavement – yes this is about getting out into the streets and areas where your potential customers may be lurking. Get out there and look around for places where your potential customers hang out. Send others out on your behalf. Incentivise people to bring you qualified leads which you can then add to your database.
- Ask friends, family, customers, colleagues, and suppliers for referrals or contacts – it’s amazing how many people you can tap into just by asking those around you for leads of people they know! I was astounded when I did this for the first time. I added hundreds of records to my database that I could then contact and mention the name of the person that gave me the lead. I instantly had a foot in the door!
- Go to the library and research – I have mentioned this strategy before and if you haven’t explored the resources available to you, what are you waiting for? There is a wealth of information just waiting to be uncovered!
- Form alliances and mutually beneficial relationships – take a look at existing customers, suppliers, or complimentary businesses to your own that sell to clients that could be targets for your products or services. Form relationships where you promote their products and services to your customers and the do the same for you.
- Engage a prospecting professional – there are businesses out there that specialise in prospecting for potential customers that might just become customers of yours. For a fee, you can have someone doing the hard work for you in terms of identifying and locking in opportunities for you to get in front of your ideal type of customer. Not a bad investment when you consider the alternatives – doing it yourself or hiring the wrong person!
So many businesses neglect their database and list building activities! Yet, without it, you have no business. It’s also important to note that just because you have a list of names, you don’t necessarily have a list of prospects yet. I would suggest your initial list is a list of suspects that need to be qualified before they become prospects. But I’m getting ahead of myself.
Maintaining and growing your database is laborious and not glorious work. However it’s vital work if you’re serious about expanding your business.
So get on with it! Remember you don’t need a list of thousands to begin with. Start with a list of 100 to 300 records and then add to it on an ongoing basis. Once you have a database, you can approach them with your marketing messages.We’ve got a new trivia game for you to check out, and it’s called Guess Cartoon Quiz – this Android title is not to be confused with All in a Days Play’s Guess the Cartoon Quiz for Android and iOS devices, so just to be clear, this is a game from Neko Usagi, and the word “the” is found nowhere in the title. Likewise, this game features iconic cartoon characters from a variety of franchises so if you’re still an avid cartoon viewer, or clearly remember a lot of the characters you used to watch as a kid, this should be the game for you. But it differs from the All in a Days Play title, as this one asks you to guess character names, as opposed to cartoon series.
This should be a very fun and simple game for players of all ages, but there may be some characters whom you just can’t recognize right away. So why wait for your friends to clue you in on social media when we’ve got all the answers, at least for the first five answer packs? Check our Guess Cartoon Quiz answers and solutions and get the answers you need right away, without having to wait.
Guess Cartoon Quiz Answers Pack 1
Megamind, Courage, King Triot, Bender, Thomas, Lorax, Shere Khan, Flounder, Leela, Stitch, Betty Boop, Rango, Porky, Muttley.
Guess Cartoon Quiz Answers Pack 2
Grinch, Buttercup, Mr Incredible, Ursula, Green Lantern, Aladdin, Mr Burns, Droopy, Charlie Brown, Krusty, Captain Hook, Samurai Jack, Kungfu panda, Dexter, Magneto.
Guess Cartoon Quiz Answers Pack 3
Snoopy, Gadget, Simba, Elroy, Mighty Mouse, Dairy, Asterix, Bambi, Cat woman, Woody, Maggie, Robin Hood, Daffy Duck, Cindrella, Velma.
Guess Cartoon Quiz Answers Pack 4
Leonardo, Peter Pan, Road Runner, Minnie Mouse, Pinocchio, Shaggy, Spongebob, Pink Panther, Shrek, Wolverine, Homer, Ash ketchum, Cartman, Hercules, Donatello.
Guess Cartoon Quiz Answers Pack 5
Gargamel, Yosemite Sam, Wilma, Richie Rich, Bugs Bunny, Superman, Tweety, Johnyy Bravo,Garfield, The Mask, Popeye, Scooby Doo, Batman, Pikachu, Taz“Justice has to be seen to be done. It’s inappropriate. I’m not saying they shouldn’t come. But they shouldn’t come in uniform with guns. I don’t know why we need this show of force.”
That was criminal defense attorney Greg Brodsky’s take on a sentencing hearing after dozens of uniformed police officers packed a small courtroom to support a fellow officer who suffered a brutal attack after intervening in a violent domestic assault.
The officer, a fifty-two (52) year old, thirty-three (33) year veteran of the police service, was off duty at the time of the incident.
The offender, Kyle Jeremy Peters (27), previously plead guilty to a number of charges including aggravated assault, assault cause bodily harm and assault in connection with the incident.
The controversy surrounding the case intensified after Provincial Court Judge Rob Finlayson drew a comparison between gang members wearing colours and police officers sporting uniforms in the courtroom.
The hearing was adjourned and resumed on November 10, 2014 at 2 p.m. in court room #404 at 408 York Ave.
As I entered the courtroom the first thing I noticed was there were only three (3) uniformed police officers in the gallery, a stark contrast to the dozens of officers who attended the previous hearing.
The accused offender occupied a seat beside his attorney on the opposite side of the courtroom with a half-dozen or so supporters seated directly behind him.
The fact support in the court room appeared more evenly balanced seemed to please Mr Brodsky, the accused offender and the Court. With parity achieved, “justice could be seen to be done,” and the case progressed without the need for further grandstanding.
Senior Crown Attorney Daniel Chaput opened the proceedings by providing the court with a detailed account of the domestic assault, the attack on the off duty officer and a third attack on a good Samaritan who also tried to intervene.
Chaput described an intoxicated Peters dragging his girlfriend around by her purse straps in a 7-11 parking lot in his attempt to retrieve the keys to his vehicle. The off duty officer intervened just before Peters started putting the boots to her.
The noble gesture proved to aggravate Peters who immediately redirected his aggression.
The problem for the off duty officer was Peters is an MMA buff and trained pugilist. The other problem, he didn’t expect the violent, relentless attack Peters was about to unleash upon him.
The first punch caught the officer square in the right eye and immediately incapacitated him. The force of the blow fractured his cheek and orbital bone causing an almost immediate loss of vision.
The fact the officer was defenceless didn’t dissuade Peters from raining down several more blows and kicks on the man he would later suggest had no business getting involved in his business.
It also didn’t stop him from unleashing a third violent attack on a good Samaritan who tried to come to the officers aid.
The officers victim impact statement was emotional and compelling.
It started with historical context being placed on the reasons he chose a career in law enforcement. It was a compelling story featuring his grandparents, nazi persecution and the calibration of a moral compass that dictates action in the face of all forms of oppression.
Intervention for the officer wasn’t an option, it was a predetermined response ingrained in his DNA.
The injuries he suffered and lingering effects are significant;
- blow out fracture of the orbital bone
- fracture of cheek bone
- lacerations, swelling, bruising
- concussion
- nerve damage to front teeth
- nerve damage to face and scalp
- double vision
- severe headache
- nausea
- sleep disruption
- depression
The officer will need major oral surgery in the near future.
In addition to the physical and psychological pain, the officer now struggles with the realization he may no longer be employable once he retires from the Police Service. That realization not only impacts his ability to support his family, it also has a decidedly negative impact on his emotional well-being.
The Crown is seeking a three (3) year custodial sentence for the brutal assault citing the need to denounce and deter other like-minded offenders.
The Crown stressed the serious nature of the attack merited a Federal sentence describing Peter’s attack as a virtual “trifecta” of deplorable assaults;
- Assault on a spouse – Domestic Violence
- Assault on a Peace Officer
- Assault on a good Samaritan
The Offender
After the Crown completed his submissions it was time for Mr Brodsky to paint the picture.
It was a familiar story.
An Aboriginal offender with a troubled childhood and a transient lifestyle that featured eight (8) address changes between the ages of 4-15 years. His mother, father and grandfather were all residential school “survivors.”
To his credit, Peters has been a poster boy for post offence conduct.
He’s taken domestic violence, anger management and substance abuse classes. He attended a four-week residential program, twenty-eight counselling sessions and is working on the 12 step program.
He attended carpentry classes and is working as a drywall installer.
Most important, he apparently hasn’t had a drink since the ugly incident.
Brodsky asked the court to consider a sentence to be served in the community.
That’s right, no jail time.
In making his argument Brodsky indicated, “This was not a fight about hurting someone.”
I beg to differ.
Domestic violence is always about “hurting someone.”
Domestic related abuse whether verbal or physical always hurts someone. It hurts women, men and children, that’s why it’s important to confront it in the most vigorous way possible.
That’s why it’s important to support people like the off duty officer who had the courage to stand up and say no to domestic violence.
That’s why we must applaud the officer’s heroic, self-sacrificing intervention.
That’s why it’s important for the court to send a loud and clear message to Kyle Peters and anyone like him that thinks it’s okay to use violence to resolve domestic disputes.
That’s how we #breakthecycle.
The Judge is expected to render his decision on November 28, 2014.
INSIDER COMMENTARY:
The positions taken by the Crown and Defense are extremely far apart.
In such cases, Judges tend to opt for a “saw off” or meet opposing counsel half-way.
In this case, that might result in a sentence of 18 months to 2 years less a day. That would spare Peters a Federal sentence in the Stony Mountain Institution and keep him in the Provincial system. (Headingley Correctional Centre)
Additionally, Peter’s sentence will likely be softened by Gladue sentencing principles..
Once sentenced, Peters will also benefit from early release provisions courtesy of soft Canadian justice.
*Offenders serving a sentence under two years is eligible for day parole once they serve 1/6 of their sentence.
POLICE OFFICER VICTIM IMPACT STATEMENT:
RELATED LINKS:
The Police Insider – “Cops vs Gangsters – A Real Life Drama Unfolds in a Winnipeg Courtroom”
Keith;
That is not clear.
I presented several different scenarios that may have contributed to a large uniform officer presence in the original article published on this case.
I suggest you give a read for clarification.
Thank you for reading.
Werner;
I share your concerns regarding the range of the sentence sought in this case.
I have heard the Crown originally took the position a range of 4-6 years was appropriate.
I can only speculate the post offender conduct of the accused influenced the decision to seek a lesser sentence.
I’m not surprised regarding the defence position for a community sentence.
I look forward to seeing how it shakes out…
Thank you for commenting..
Hi James,
Thanks for creating The Police Insider and providing the public with opinions and much needed perspective from a police officers point of view. I copied the above from the Government of Canada website to show that the maximun penalty for aggravated assault is 14 years. Based on the injuries sustained by the officer should the sentence not be higher in this case? Why did the crown only ask for three years? SENTENCE TO BE SERVED IN THE COMMUNITY….really?
Sparky
Were the police on or off duty attending the court hearing?
Buzz…
I’m with you 100% on the out of balance issue.
It seems to me there is a growing trend with some Judges to circumvent jail when they hand down their sentences….
After reading several decisions it’s clear they have lost faith in Corrections ability to rehabilitate offenders. Many of them cite concerns regarding gang members running the penal institutions…
Our politicians don’t seem to be tuned in to the trend…
Someone better start listening.
Interesting that in a Country where 2-tiered medical service was denounced and government did everything in its power to stop it, yet when it comes to justice, a 2-tiered system is applauded and encouraged. I believe that that the scales of justice are totally out of balance. Our judges and lawyers have operated without conscience long enough and it’s time to put an end to this.Related News
In southeast Delhi's Kalkaji an elderly couple was robbed of money and jewellery worth Rs 70 lakh by unidentified men as per said by police.
The senior police officer as per the source news said 'He had gone out for some work while his wife and cook were at home. When he returned, he found that there were four men inside the house and they were holding his wife at knife- point'
They threatened to kill the couple if they did not part with their jewellery and cash, the officer said.
Also Read:
Jewellery shop looted in New Delhi
Five persons booked in in clash between two communities
Four people dies as car rams into tree
To get all latest updates on Cricket like us on Facebook and follow us onTwitter or download Android AppChange your look depending on how you feel with this superb LIMONADA Brazilian bikini. This reversible bikini has a printed side, adorned with a pretty abstract pattern, and has a plain side that is electric blue in colour. Its strings to be tied at the hips and at the back will allow you to perfectly adjust this very comfortable swimsuit.>>: 128
Mrs HULL (9:02 PM) —This evening I rise to speak in support of the Workplace Relations Amendment (Work Choices) Bill 2005. This bill, as we have heard, will enable the reforms necessary to ensure that Australia continues to grow and remain competitive. A stronger economy flows on to create investment, jobs and better living standards for all Australians. It is my personal view that if employees are coping with the six different systems, the 130 different pieces of industrial legislation and the over 4,000 different awards currently in place then surely they will cope with these proposed changes, which will actually simplify this complicated system.
I remember when the GST was being implemented. In the 1998 election, I was fortunately elected to this House. Everybody came to me continually through that preselection and election phase, and after I was elected, to tell me that every business in the Riverina was going to basically shut its doors, simply because the GST was going to put everybody out of business. People wanted to know the exact workings of the GST—exactly and precisely how it was going to work into the future—but they did not have any understanding of the tax system that they were operating in at the time. They were just operating inside a tax system and had no idea how it worked, but it was the system that they knew. It was the old thing of hating change and objecting to change.
I can safely say—and I am very happy to say—that not every business in the Riverina closed down. Yes, there were some who thought, ‘Well, we’re close to retirement. We do not want to implement new systems. It seems so complicated. We were going to get out in two years, so we may get out now rather than go through all of these changes.’ Yes, I do agree that that did happen. But, although there have been some reporting requirements that have created concerns over the years, the majority of business owners and business managers say that the GST has been the best thing that has ever been introduced, in that they know where their business is going.
We all fell into the old thing that you waited for 12 months and then you put in your tax return to your accountant. It was 18 months or so before he got the figures back to you, and you did not know what was happening within your business for those 18 months. Finally, you got your stuff back from the accountant, who said, ‘You’re sincerely broke, or you’re so close to it.’ You should have been making major changes in your business activities in the last 18 months, and now you found yourself in this predicament.
The GST was a very good introduction for the responsible way in which businesses are managed now. I do not think anybody would argue about that. Every businessperson now basically knows, on a monthly or three-monthly basis, just how their business is operating. And I see that we have a very similar issue here.
I have met with and listened intently to all union and employer representative groups that have asked to meet with me. I have taken down their concerns and allegations, and I have sought information. I have investigated their issues to see if their concerns were valid. Some of them were valid and some of them came from people who were not informed. Some of the people who came to me were not informed simply because the information was not out there, and one of the things that I perhaps regret is that I did not have enough information to provide to people when they came in to ask me questions. I would certainly have liked to have had information earlier. However, having said that, I feel quite comfortable and confident that in the majority of cases that were raised with me the concerns have been addressed positively, within the information that I have been given on the proposed reforms to date.
I see this industrial relations debate as being identical in nature to the GST debate. It is significantly filled with fear and with people not understanding exactly what will happen in their circumstances. I have listened, I have learned and I am convinced about the process of industrial reform that has been going on for many years now. It has not just been going on in this parliament or in the parliaments of the Howard-Fischer, Howard-Anderson and Howard-Vaile governments since 1996. It was going on when we heard former Labor Prime Minister Paul Keating state during his prime ministership in 1993:
Let me describe the model of industrial relations we are working towards. It is a model which places primary emphasis on bargaining at the workplace level within a framework of minimum standards provided by arbitral tribunals ... Over time the safety net would inevitably become simpler. We would have fewer awards, with fewer clauses ... We need to find a way of extending the coverage of agreements from being add-ons to awards ... to being full substitutes for awards.
I am no advocate for former Prime Minister Paul Keating. However, he was attempting to adjust the real complexities and the issues of the system. I would much prefer to put my trust in the fiscal understanding of the Treasurer, Peter Costello, and the Prime Minister, John Howard, to lead us into a more productive economy through workplace relations reforms than in former prime ministers or the unions.
I support that by alluding to some research that I came across in an article by Michael Baume in the Australian Financial Review on 31 October 2005. This research was titled ‘Does raising the minimum wage help the poor?’ and it was done by Andrew Leigh of the Social Policy Evaluation, Analysis and Research Centre at the ANU. I looked into this research to see exactly what it means. Former Prime Minister Paul Keating said that we had a complex and difficult system, and that is basically corroborated in a piece I will quote out of this research by Andrew Leigh from the Australian National University. It says:
The operation of Australian minimum wages is also notoriously complex. The Australian federal minimum wage is set by the Australian Industrial Relations Commission (AIRC) through a process of arbitration, and affects not only those at the bottom, but also workers further up the wage distribution. Whether an employee is covered by the federal minimum depends upon whether he or she is within Federal industrial jurisdiction. Such jurisdiction extends to all employees in Victoria, the Australian Capital Territory, and the Northern Territory (and hence all are covered by the federal minimum wage). In the remaining five states, whether an employee is within the federal industrial jurisdiction depends upon a number of factors, including the employee’s industry—
that is, whether they are lucky enough to be under a federal wage; I know the industry that I worked in is under a federal wage—
and whether the employing company has operations in multiple states. However, even if employees are not covered by the federal minimum wage, they will typically be within state jurisdiction. In recent years, state industrial tribunals have tended to adopt the federal minimum wage, with only a brief delay.
Basically, we already have a majority of awards being adopted with a view to a federal system, and what we are trying to do is implement a federal system.
I found the Australian Financial Review article by Michael Baume interesting. I am sometimes a bit sceptical about whether you can agree with or believe everything that is printed in the press, but this article says that among full-time workers in Australia we have about six million non-award workers, compared with only about 900,000 working under awards. It goes on to say:
The reason is simple: ordinary time earnings per week (in 2004) for non-award workers averaged $928 against only $524 for award workers.
In another part of the article, Baume went on to say:
No wonder the unions are losing members. Why pay a minimum of $10 a week union dues to earn a relatively lower wage—and see your funds wasted—
I was a bit hesitant to say that—
in a dishonest campaign that does not promote your interests.
Basically, I have no problems with these industrial relations reforms. There has been much assertion that the big end of town are driving the reforms, and that is probably true in part; they certainly have wanted change. However, they are probably far from happy with the package that has been delivered to date and would probably like the government to go even further. I would sincerely disagree with that. Currently we have the big end of town saying that the reforms are not going far enough and the unions saying that they are going too far. That probably puts the reforms somewhere in the centre, which may give us even and consistent outcomes.
According to the knowledge that I currently have of the proposed reforms, they are sensibly balanced. Fairness and equity will continue to be provided in the majority of cases. But, of course, someone will fall through the cracks somewhere, just as they do now. Why is it that the current system is allowed to be less than perfect? The current system is allowed to have cracks, through which people fall, but a new system has to be more than perfect. In my view, if the business councils want us to go further and the unions claim we have gone too far, we probably have come somewhere near acceptable.
But I do have a problem with the way there has been an active campaign asserting that, from the moment these reforms are introduced, all employers will exploit their employees. I honestly ask the question: why is it that people who mortgage their homes and all they own to run a business and employ people are only criticised and defamed rather than recognised for the valuable part they play in the lives of those in my electorate of Riverina and in every electorate in Australia? It has to be purely negative thinking to assert that workers will be worse off as a result of the many changes, as it is an absolute insult for unions and the opposition to assert that employers are just waiting to exploit and rip off their valuable staff. What absolute rubbish. To assume that all those who genuinely and legitimately employ people, as has been done for a hundred years, will now rush out and exploit their employees is something I find obscene and offensive.
It is a fact—and I have said this before in this House—that the majority of employers have a good relationship with their staff and consider them to be their most valuable asset. So why now all of a sudden will we all run out and exploit them, particularly when there are such recognised skills shortages in our trades and services? Every day we hear the opposition’s indignation about skills and trades shortages in our electorates and its cries of ‘What has the Howard government ever done about the skills and trades shortages?’ It now appears as though all those shortages do not exist and that, if we have an industrial relations systems that rewards and improves conditions, particularly under AWAs, everybody will be forced out of a job.
I am quite confident that, in the electorate of Riverina, little or no change will take place, particularly in areas of trades and services shortage—simply because they are areas that we cannot fill. If unintended consequences result from the reforms that the government might make on any issue here, the government will move to fix them. I am aware of that having happened previously. In many cases where things have happened, we have moved immediately to fix those issues. I am very confident of that happening.
Work Choices will replace a rigid, outdated system that was designed over 100 years ago. That system was designed to deal with the problems of the 1890s and it is not a system geared for the challenges that Australia faces today. This generation of Australian workers has been lucky enough not to have known economic downturns or recessions, and they now will be able to take advantage of this range of reforms and policies to ensure that they are a very proactive and productive part of our economy into the future. We have experienced low unemployment, stable interest rates and inflation, and increasing wages and living conditions. I have here on my desk two pieces of research that back up that theory and they do not back up the theories and scaremongering taking place with the campaign that is being directed at the moment.
In conclusion, I say that the best arrangements are those agreed to between employees and employers at the workplace level. They should be sensible, fair and simple arrangements that recognise and reward the issues important to employers and employees in the workplace. I happened to be at a function in the Currawarna hall just a few weeks ago, when a man came up to me and said, ‘You know something? I’ve pretty much been a Labor voter all my life, but AWAs were introduced on to my work floor 20-odd years ago and it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I got the best out of it and I got the best reward. I’m now able to retire and enjoy life, with far better outcomes than I had when I strenuously resisted the changes that were being implemented into my workplace.’ That statement was not coerced. It was just a particular gentleman coming up and offering me his point of view.
I feel quite comfortable that, in the Riverina, employers and employees have such valuable relationships in the majority of cases that little or nothing will change. I look forward to supporting these industrial relations outcomes and bringing about better conditions and better opportunities for those within the Riverina.Summer is quickly approaching and so is one of the best concerts around, PIQNIQ! PIQNIQ is a concert that takes place at Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre in Tinley Park and is run by 101WKQK and one of the sponsors is Saint Xavier. I personally have gone two times and it is always a good time. The day-long event features various, popular alternative bands performing all in one place. This year, The 1975, Bleachers, Jimmy Eat World, Stabbing Westward, Highly Suspect, Sum 41, Joywave, K.Flay, Warpaint, and Lucky Boys Confusion will be performing at the venue on May 20. If you have never been to PIQNIQ before, here is what you can expect from the event.
#1 The Music – This concert supplies some great music. Each band gives concert-goers their all and everyone leaves satisfied. Whether you know all of the bands or none of them at all, you will not be disappointed. There have been times when there were a few bands that I was unaware of but once I heard them perform, I thought their music was good. That is another great aspect about this concert, you get introduced to bands/hear music that you probably would not have before.
#2 The Freebies – Let’s be honest, who does not love free stuff? One of popular freebies at PIQNIQ are the bandanas. Each year, they are a different color and they simply have PIQNIQ, the year, and the 101WKQX logo on them. You always have to go and grab one of these as soon as you get there because they go fast! Another thing to look out for is the 101WKQX logo stickers. Sometimes these are at a table or some of the workers are walking around passing them out. These are great to stick on your laptop or wherever else you so choose to put them.
#3 The Experience – Overall, this is just an all-around great experience. Where else can you find all of your favorite bands in one place for a reasonable price? The atmosphere is electric when you are surrounded by thousands of people taking in the music. Being able to watch bands perform and spend time with your friends or even family makes this experience a million times better. You even get to leave your mark by signing the 101WKQX van. This is definitely a highlight of the summer.
These are just three of the many things that you can expect from PIQNIQ. It is definitely a concert that you should attend if you are into this type of music and looking for a memorable concert experience. For more information about PIQNIQ, click here. Are you going to attend PIQNIQ?
Watch the music video for “The Sound” by The 1975, one of the bands performing at the concert (which also happens to be one of my favorite bands) below.
*All photos curtosey of 101WKQX*
Elizabeth Granato
Senior Features Editor
Tags: #PIQNIQ, concert >>Prograf pill price. Buy prograf visa australia
BUY PROGRAF NOW - CLICK HERE
It is very important that your doctor check your progress at regular visits to make sure that this medicine is working properly. Blood and urine tests may be needed to check for unwanted effects. Hilton E, Rindos P, Isenberg HD. Lactobacillus GG Vaginal Suppositories and Vaginitis. Prograf capsules between 59 and 86 degrees F 15 and 30 degrees C. Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep Prograf capsules out of the reach of children and away from pets. This medication may increase your risk of developing skin cancer. Avoid prolonged sun exposure, tanning booths, and sunlamps. Use a sunscreen with a high protection factor and wear protective clothing when outdoors. Your doctor may adjust the dose as needed. I've been a horse rider for my lifetime I'm 50 something broken lots of bones and damaged muscles this isn't like any of those injuries. flomax where to purchase online. Food and Drug Administration. Prevnar pneumococcal 7-valent conjugate vaccine is used to prevent infection caused by pneumococcal bacteria. Prevnar contains 7 different types of pneumococcal bacteria. Osterlund P, Ruotsalainen T, Korpela R, et al. Lactobacillus supplementation for diarrhoea related to chemotherapy of colorectal cancer: a randomised study. keftab
Not applicable. This medication is given in a clinic and will not be stored at home. Ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if you take any of the medicines listed above. PREGNANCY and BREAST-FEEDING: Cyclosporine may cause harm to the fetus. If you become pregnant, contact your doctor. You will need to discuss the benefits and risks of using cyclosporine while you are pregnant. Cyclosporine is found in breast milk. Do not breast-feed while taking cyclosporine. Inform patients that Prograf can cause hyperkalemia.
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. July, 2016. Do not eat grapefruit or drink grapefruit juice while you use Prograf. Inactive ingredients: lactose monohydrate, hypromellose, croscarmellose sodium, magnesium stearate, gelatin, titanium dioxide and ferric oxide. If either of these effects persist or worsen, tell your doctor or promptly. Tell your doctor if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. If you are using any of these medications, you may not be able to receive the vaccine, or may need to wait until the other treatments are finished. Prograf. may be other drugs that can interact with Prevnar 13. Tell your doctor about all medications you use. This includes prescription, over-the-counter, vitamin, and herbal products. Do not start a new medication without telling your doctor. Velraeds MM, van der Mei HC, Reid G, Busscher HJ. Inhibition of initial adhesion of uropathogenic Enterococcus faecalis by biosurfactants from Lactobacillus isolates. Read the Guide provided by your before you start taking mycophenolate and each time you get a refill. If you have any questions, ask your doctor or pharmacist. The expiry date refers to the last day of that month.
Ewart, H. S. Immunostimulatory principles from Chlorella pyrenoidosa--part 1: isolation and biological assessment in vitro.? This medicine may cause bleeding. Take exactly as prescribed by your doctor. Do not take in larger or smaller amounts or for longer than recommended. Follow the directions on your prescription label. Your doctor may occasionally change your dose to make sure you get the best results. How Should I Take PROGRAF? Medical attention should be sought if more than 4 ounces of Chlorhexidine gluconate oral rinse is ingested by a small child or if signs of alcohol intoxication develop. Your child should not receive a booster vaccine if he or she had a life-threatening allergic reaction after the first shot. Keep track of any and all side effects your child has after receiving Prevnar. When the child receives a booster dose, you will need to tell the doctor if the previous shots caused any side effects. Get emergency medical help if your child has any of these signs of an allergic reaction to Prevnar: hives; difficulty breathing; swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat. Certain products may make it harder for your body to absorb mycophenolate if they are taken at the same time. Tacrolimus can pass into breast milk and may harm a nursing baby. You should not breast-feed while you are using tacrolimus. It is not known whether this drug is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, caution should be exercised when Chlorhexidine gluconate oral rinse is administered to nursing women. Your doctor may do certain tests to check your kidney function. Land MH, Rouster-Stevens K, Woods CR, et al. Lactobacillus sepsis associated with probiotic therapy. PVC-free tubing should likewise be used to minimize the potential for significant drug adsorption onto the tubing. AZA protocol in the active-control arm. This trial excluded pediatric patients, but did allow enrollment of subjects with renal dysfunction, fulminant hepatic failure in Stage IV encephalopathy, and cancers other than primary hepatic with metastases. If any of these effects persist or worsen, tell your doctor or promptly. Herpes and Epstein-Barr and screening are also included. digoxin
Less than 1% of the Chlorhexidine gluconate ingested by these subjects was excreted in the urine. You should not use Nasacort AQ if you are allergic to triamcinolone. O'Mahony L, McCarthy J, Kelly P, et al. Lactobacillus and bifidobacterium in irritable bowel syndrome: symptom responses and relationship to cytokine profiles. rate and extent of tacrolimus absorption were greatest under fasted conditions. The presence and composition of food decreased both the rate and extent of tacrolimus absorption when administered to 15 healthy volunteers. Pregnancy Category C - There are no adequate and well-controlled studies in pregnant women. Tacrolimus is transferred across the placenta. The use of tacrolimus during pregnancy in humans has been associated with neonatal hyperkalemia and renal dysfunction. Diabetes patients - Cyclosporine may affect your blood sugar. Check blood sugar levels closely. Ask your doctor before you change the dose of your diabetes medicine.. Mansi IA, Huang J. Rhabdomyolysis in response to weight-loss herbal medicine. Be sure to keep your child on a regular schedule for other immunizations such as diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis whooping cough hepatitis, and varicella chicken pox. Your doctor or state health department can provide you with a recommended immunization schedule. The strength of lactobacillus products is usually indicated by the number of living organisms per capsule. Typical doses range from 1 to 10 billion living organisms taken daily in 3-4 divided doses. It is very important that your doctor check your progress while you are receiving this medicine to make sure that this medicine is working properly. Blood and urine tests may be needed to check for unwanted effects. You should not use this medication if you are allergic to tacrolimus or hydrogenated castor oil, or if you have used cyclosporine Neoral, Sandimmune, Gengraf within the past 24 hours. symbicort pill price symbicort
It may take up to a week before your symptoms improve. Keep using Nasacort AQ as directed and tell your doctor if your symptoms do not improve after 1 week of treatment, or if they get worse any time during treatment. Take Prograf with or without food. GJ, Roden DM, Zareba W. Prevention of torsade de pointes in hospital settings: a scientific statement from the American Heart Association and the American College of Cardiology Foundation.. Take the capsule every morning, preferably on an empty stomach at least 1 hour before or at least 2 hours after breakfast. The pouch also contains a desiccant.. Wort induces CYP3A enzymes and may decrease tacrolimus whole blood concentrations. medicine is always used together with other medicines. Make sure you understand when to take all of your medicines during the day. Your doctor will give you a daily plan for taking your medicines. American Society of Health-System Pharmacists: "Patient Education about Patient Assistance Programs.
This list is not complete and other drugs may interact with Prevnar. Tell your doctor about all medications you use. This includes prescription, over-the-counter, vitamin, and herbal products. Do not start a new medication without telling your doctor. Grapefruit and grapefruit juice may interact with tacrolimus and lead to potentially dangerous effects. Do not use grapefruit products while you are taking tacrolimus. Our Prograf tacrolimus Side Effects Drug Center provides a comprehensive view of available drug information on the potential side effects when taking this medication. Lesch-Nyhan or Kelley-Seegmiller syndromes. Weight loss. Research on the effect of Garcinia on weight loss is inconsistent. Some research shows that taking Garcinia extract that contains 50% hydroxycitric acid HCA for 8-12 weeks doesn't decrease fat breakdown or energy expenditure in people. However, other research suggests that it might improve weight loss when taken for 12 weeks. Taking a specific Garcinia product containing 60% HCA Super CitriMax InterHealth Nutriceuticals by in three doses daily 30 to 60 minutes before meals for 8 weeks, together with a healthy diet, seems to improve. Salisbury, F. B. Joseph I. Gitelson and the Bios-3 project. Life Support. skin; yellowing of the skin or eyes. CYP3A4 that also have the potential to prolong the QT interval, a reduction in Prograf dose, frequent monitoring of tacrolimus whole blood concentrations, and monitoring for QT prolongation is recommended. Venturi A, Gionchetti P, Rizzello F, et al. Impact on the composition of the faecal flora by a new probiotic preparation: preliminary data on maintenance treatment of patients with ulcerative colitis. Chlorhexidine gluconate oral rinse may cause some tooth discoloration, or increase in tartar calculus formation, particularly in areas where stain and tartar usually form. Who Should Not Take Prograf? Percentage of patients for each time-averaged MMF dose range during various treatment periods. Two grams per day of time-averaged MMF dose means that MMF dose was not reduced in those patients during the treatment periods. medicine is available only with your doctor's prescription. What Are Anti-rejection Medications? Prograf is to be used only by the patient for whom it is prescribed. Do not share it with other people. buy atorvastatin visa australia atorvastatin
Sica, D. A. Nutritional supplementation with Chlorella pyrenoidosa for mild to moderate hypertension. Naoki, Y. Effects of chlorella on activities of protein tyrosine phosphatases, matrix metalloproteinases, caspases, cytokine release, B and T cell proliferations, and phorbol ester receptor binding. Learn and follow all instructions for the use of this medication and the nebulizer. Almost all cases have been asymptomatic and all patients recovered with no sequelae. Acute overdosage was sometimes followed by adverse reactions consistent with those listed. Mattes RD, Bormann L. Effects of --hydroxycitric acid on appetitive variables. Gionchetti P, Rizzello F, Venturi A, et al. Oral bacteriotherapy as maintenance treatment in patients with chronic pouchitis: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. The first injection should be given no earlier than 6 weeks of age. Allow at least 2 months to pass between injections. Chandra RK. Effect of Lactobacillus on the incidence and severity of acute rotavirus diarrhoea in infants. A prospective placebo-controlled double-blindobayashi, S. Manganese-induced Parkinsonism in a patient undergoing maintenance hemodialysis. The classifications below are a general guideline only. It is difficult to determine the relevance of a particular drug interaction to any individual given the large number of variables. Prograf should be used with extreme caution in CHILDREN who have had a heart or kidney transplant; safety and effectiveness in these children have not been confirmed. aristocort walmart canada
Your child can still receive a vaccine if he or she has a cold or fever. In the case of a more severe illness with a fever or any type of infection, wait until the child gets better before receiving Prevnar. Kishi A, Uno K, Matsubara Y, et al. Effect of the oral administration of Lactobacillus brevis subsp. coagulans on interferon-alpha producing capacity in humans.so. St. John's wort because they may interact with cyclosporine. Contact your doctor if you experience a decrease in the amount of urine you make, if you develop any new side effects from your medicine, or if have any dizziness or fainting episodes.
cheap prograf order online, buy now cheapest prograf visa, price of prograf drug, buy prograf review, price of prograf 600 mg, purchase cheapest prograf visa usa, order generic prograf mastercard usa, cheap prograf buy shop usa, order cheapest prograf visa, order cheap prograf australia, buy prograf in the uk, generic prograf quick delivery, prograf online store order now, purchase now prograf shop uk, buy prograf canada walmart, prograf money order payment australia, prograf dosage canada, prograf purchase now store uk, prograf can i purchase online, purchase prograf from pharmacy, cheap prograf buy pharmacy uk, buy prograf miami, compra online de prograf, buy prograf shop, prograf 100mg price walmart, any prograf, prograf store in overland park, purchase prograf wiki, online prograf ulotka, prograf paypal, order now prograf canada, price of prograf at walmart pharmacy, buy prograf 40 mg online, prograf order online shop australia, himalaya prograf india, store prograf zamienniki, prograf generic approval, purchase prograf nedir, prograf purchase shopping canada, what prograf, money order cheapest prograf visa, generic prograf buy payment canada, generic prograf hygien, prograf prices in canada, can you buy prograf under 18, prograf boots, prograf at target, order prograf pharmacy europe, monthly cost prograf prescription, where to buy prograf in uk, cheapest prograf online, buy cheap prograf pharmacy uk, purchase prograf in canada, prograf cost no insurance, store prograf vidal, purchase prograf in japan, generic prograf order now online, prograf price montreal, lloyds pharmacy prograf prices, cheap prograf pills free shipping, purchase cheapest prograf online store, generic prograf buy payment usa, prograf purchase online shop usa, buy cheapest prograf payment uk, prograf walmart canada, cheap real prograf canada, prograf where to purchase online, prograf tablets online mail order, buy prograf visa australia, prograf pill price
If your doctor prescribes these medicines together, it may be necessary to adjust the dose of tacrolimus or change you to a different medicine. Do not start, stop, or change the dosage of any medicine before checking with them first.. An overdose of Prevnar is unlikely to occur. What should I avoid? urdir.info allopurinol
Wagner RD, Pierson C, Warner T, et al. Biotherapeutic effects of probiotic bacteria on candidiasis in immunodeficient mice.. Cremonini F, Di Caro S, Covino M, et al. Effect of different probiotic preparations on anti-helicobacter pylori therapy-related side effects: a parallel group, triple blind, placebo-controlled study.
Lactobacillus casei strain DN-114 001 DanActive, Dannon in doses of 100 grams, 125 grams, or 250 grams daily has also been used. Darouiche RO, Hull RA. Bacterial interference for prevention of urinary tract infection: an overview. Your primary care doctor should be notified when you receive your transplant and when you are discharged. Though most problems related to the transplant will need to be taken care of at the transplant hospital, your primary care doctor will remain an important part of your medical care. renova tablets online mail order
Are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. Prograf can pass into your breast milk. You and your doctor should decide if you will take Prograf or breastfeed. You should not do both. Consult your doctor before breast-feeding.. Do not take other medicines unless they have been discussed with your doctor. How Should I Take Prograf? micronaseTITLE: Variations on Variations: Something Like Iago
AUTHOR: Julian Lee
CATEGORY: Josh/Sam
RATING: PG
DISCLAIMER: I own the junkie and the drooling babies. Anyone with direction in life belongs to Aaron.
ARCHIVE: Knock yourself out. Just tell me where.
SPOILERS: "Five Votes Down;" "The Crackpots and These Women;" "The Leadership Breakfast."
SUMMARY: "We had...for lack of a better word, Sam, we had an equation. There were no children in that equation."
NOTES: 6 months after "Fix." For Boji, because sometimes this is exactly what it's about. Beth, as always, was a pillar of support and suggestions.
**********
Variations on Variations: Something Like Iago by Julian Lee
Josh knew, when he humbly accepted Jed Bartlet's offer to serve as deputy chief of staff, that his days of ten hours of sleep had taken their leave. Still, he thought, when the pounding on his door began at two thirty on a Saturday morning, there were limits to what a man might be expected to endure.
Sam was not awake. He was nearly impossible to wake before his internal clock informed him he'd slept enough, and mere knocking on the door was not going to do it. So Josh staggered into the living room, trying not to trip over anything -- including his feet -- on the way.
When he pulled the door open, he was faced with a young woman with flyaway dirty blond hair and eyes so like Sam's he felt ridiculously tempted to run back to the bedroom to make sure the speechwriter still had his. She held an extremely fragile-looking infant awkwardly in her arms. "Um...hello?" he said.
"Josh?" she asked. "Are you Josh?"
**Oh, thank God. She's only guessing at who I am; maybe I'm not supposed to know her.** "Yeah?"
"I'm Angela. Angela Vinci? Sam's cousin? I have to talk to him," she pleaded, and Josh nearly cried for the way everything slipped away at the edges of her voice. He recognized that sound; it was the way his voice had sounded for at least a year after Joanie died.
"Angela, what's -- come inside." He reached out to draw them into the living room. She flinched; he drew his hand back. Angela slipped inside, careful not to come in contact with Josh. He closed the door and motioned toward the couch. "Have a seat. Can I, um, get you anything? Something to drink, maybe?"
"Could I have a glass of water, please?"
He hurried to the kitchen and ran the faucet. What was the baby's name? It was Italian and perhaps Shakespearean. Given that, he could only come up with "Iago," and he was fairly sure that wouldn't be it. He brought the water and told her, "I'm gonna go get Sam, all right?"
She took a gulp of water. "Thank you, Josh." Josh rested his hand briefly on her shoulder, and she shuddered but didn't protest.
Ferdinand? Mercutio? Doubtful.
He flipped up the bedroom light switch and called Sam's name softly. No response. "Sam," he said, louder, bouncing the mattress with his knee. Nothing. Josh pressed his palm down hard against Sam's arm and ran it from his elbow toward his wrist. "Wake up, Drive," he said sharply.
Sam's eyes sprang open. "I'm awake." And he was. Once those baby blues were open, Sam Seaborn was up for the day. "Jesus, Josh, it's...what the hell time is it?"
"It's -- I think it's two thirty. Listen to me: Angela is in the living room, and to say she looks like Death lightly seared would be too charitable. She's asking for you."
"My cousin Angela?" Sam was out of bed, searching for his slippers. Crisis was de rigueur among the members of Clan Vinci, and Sam's job was taking care of them, but for his black-sheep cousin to show up at his door in the middle of the night -- especially considering she lived in California -- was an entirely different ballgame. "Is Sebastian with her?"
Sebastian! "Yeah. Cute kid. Looks kinda vulnerable, you know?"
Sam raised an eyebrow. "He's four months old, Mir. That's how they all look at that age." He headed toward the living room, stopped, looked over his shoulder at Josh. "Coming?"
"I assumed you--"
"I go, la donna goes," he said decidedly.
La donna shrugged and followed.
"Angela?" Sam said softly as they came into the room.
His cousin looked up at him, eyes trembling with tears. "Sam!" she sobbed, and burst into a rapid stream of barely coherent Italian that Josh didn't even pretend to follow.
Sam sat on the couch while Josh hung uncertainly in the hallway. "Slow down, Angela," Sam said gently and glanced over his shoulder at Josh. "In English." Somehow he managed to look authoritative, despite baggy sweatpants, "Ministry of Silly Walks" t-shirt, and floppy-soled gray slippers he said were too comfortable to put out of their misery.
She gulped air and started over, though she was crying so hard her English was barely more intelligible than her Italian. "I can't do this, Sam," she gasped. "I can't be a mother. I dropped out of school; I'm -- Sebastian's father came back and he's mad as hell that I didn't tell him about the baby." Sam didn't understand men who could dump their girlfriends -- cruelly, in Angela's case -- but still think they had any sort of claim to the children of those relationships. Angela sniffled. "But he's -- I want to go back to him, but I'm afraid what he'd do to the baby if he got his hands on him. That's why I came here. And I'm--" she stopped and hung her head, hiding her face behind a curtain of hair, which her son pawed at irritably.
"Angela," Sam said, caring but stern, "are you shooting up again?"
Josh reeled at this normally diplomatic man asking such a bald question, but Angela nodded, relieved. "I...I'd been clean since the instant I found out I was pregnant. But -- he cries *all* the time, Sam! I needed -- it was just something to take the edge off."
Josh leaned against the wall, thought of Leo and Hoynes. **I've heard that before.** But Angela Vinci took her edges off with heroin.
Sam sat back into the cushions and rubbed his eyes. Josh pushed away from the wall. "I'm gonna make coffee. Anybody want coffee?"
Angela shook her head. Sam sighed. "It's okay, Josh," he said.
"I'm gonna make coffee," he said stubbornly as he crossed to the kitchen.
Sam watched Josh go and wished he could see inside his head. Sighing softly, he turned back to his cousin. "Angela, what do you want to do?" he asked.
"I don't know," she said, despair as plain on her face as her nose. Sebastian started to cry quietly. "Oh, no!" she moaned. "He's...he's doing it again." Sitting the baby on her knee, she jiggled him jarringly. He cried harder. "Ssh, baby," she whispered frantically. "Ssh. Be quiet, baby. Be a good baby. Be quiet. Ssh! Be quiet!" Her voice raised in volume and intensity with each plea for silence. Sam watched with increasing alarm as her knee bobbed more violently, and Sebastian slid off sideways. He put out a hand to catch the baby, and Angela latched onto his wrist. "Help me! Can't you make him stop? You have to make him stop!"
And as easily as breathing, Sam reached over and took Sebastian in his arms. "It's okay," he cooed. "Isn't it? Yes it is, Sebastian. It's okay. It's all right. Yes, it is." He stood and paced around the couch, bounced the baby gently and spoke softly in his ear, and within seconds the crying stopped. Sam looked up to find Josh standing in the doorway to the kitchen, mouth open, his expression too jumbled to read. Shock, perhaps? Admiration. A touch of fear.
Sam tried to hand Sebastian back to his mother, but she shrank away and put her hands defensively in front of her face. "No," she whispered, then straightened. "I mean -- he likes you."
He did seem to, at that; he slept contentedly against Sam's chest. Sam sat beside Angela, pushed his hair out of his eyes, and dropped his arm back around Sebastian. "Angela, this is ridiculous. He's your *son.* Why are you afraid of him?"
"Well," she said, eyes on her hands as they slowly twisted and untwisted her skirt, "he's so small, and -- and he cries so much, and he needs so much, and--" She laughed unconvincingly. "He's fragile, you know? I keep thinking I'm gonna break him."
Sam's eyes narrowed. He didn't believe a syllable of it, and, looking up again, he could tell Josh didn't, either. But whatever his cousin wouldn't say, he wasn't going to get it out of her at quarter to three in the morning. He stroked the baby's hair for a minute, then stood. "Why don't we all get some sleep?" he suggested. "Everything will look better in the morning."
It was on the tip of Josh's tongue to point out that it already was morning, but he felt an urge to be helpful. "I'll pull the couch out for Angela," he offered. The young woman stood, and Josh flipped the cushions off the couch, bent down for the handle of the hidden mattress.
"Sebastian can sleep with us," Sam said.
Josh popped up again. "He can?"
Sam smiled at him. "He'll be fine. We'll put him between us so he doesn't roll out." Of course he knew damned well that this wasn't Josh's concern, that it had something to do with the still-resented invasion of Vincis and Josh's general discomfiture around children, but he was too tired to deal with that.
Josh pinched the bridge of his nose. "Akay," he said, and turned his attention back to the couch. Something was not quite right here -- ah, yes; Sam had volunteered them to share their bed with a four-month-old. That meant...yes, that definitely meant a baby in the bed. Josh considered himself fairly adaptable, but there were lines. Oh, yes, there were lines that had to be drawn, and Sam had just crossed a big one. "I'll, uh, I'll go grab some sheets." Because otherwise, Angela would be in the bed with them, too.
"Thank you," Angela said timidly. He nodded, too numb to do anything else.
Sam touched his arm as he staggered past. "Thank you, Josh," he said quietly. Josh shook his head and kept walking.
After the couch was made up and Angela was tucked into it, half asleep before she even climbed beneath the covers, Josh stumbled back into the bedroom, where Sam was deep in conversation with the baby. He stood in the doorway and watched them, trying to decide if this was his life or whether perhaps he had fallen asleep again.
"Josh," Sam said, noticing him in the room, "we should--"
Josh held up his hand. "It's -- it's like three in the morning. We should sleep."
"But--"
"Tomorrow, Sam." If they tried to talk about anything now, he would say quite a few things he wouldn't really mean to.
Sam searched Josh's face and tried to decide if he was angry, but he had shut down so completely there were only physical features, without an emotion showing anywhere. The speechwriter sighed and nodded. Sebastian stirred when Sam lay him in the bed, but he did not wake. Sam climbed into bed and smoothed the baby's dark hair again. "Coming?" he asked, and Josh thought he sounded almost scared.
"There's a baby in our bed," Josh said feebly, uncertain whether it was a joke or a protest.
"Please, Mir," he said. "Please just...it's just for tonight, and she's -- I think a night away from her will be good for him."
Josh gave up. "Yeah," he sighed, and crawled into bed, marginally comforted by the assumption that, whatever else was going to happen today, life couldn't get more surreal than it was at this moment. Except that then the kid rolled and ended up bumping against Josh's chest, and Sam started to laugh --quietly, but like he couldn't stop -- and Josh reminded himself that there was *never* a limit to surrealism.
**********
Sebastian started crying at four. Sam was up instantly, carrying him and speaking to him as he had earlier. Josh lay perfectly still and watched them, sorting out the emotions clunking around inside. It was Sam; he was the same Sam he'd been when they'd gone to bed the night before. Only he was carrying a baby. **It's just for tonight,** he repeated to himself.
Sebastian started crying at six. This time it was Josh who popped up and grabbed him, but this time he needed more than a little walk around the room. Somehow Sam had had the presence of mind to bring the diaper bag into the room, so Josh grabbed it and headed to the bathroom. Of course, what he would do with it when he got there...
He wasn't sure how long he'd stood there, as Sebastian regarded him with the detached serenity that can only be mastered by a four-month-old who was screaming his lungs out two minutes earlier, before Sam wandered into the bathroom. The baby lay on the counter, naked from the waist down, legs flailing good-naturedly, while Josh held the new diaper open in both hands and studied it as though it were a blueprint of the missile defense shield. "You have no idea what you're doing, do you?" Sam watched Josh in the mirror.
"You -- you're being too generous," he said. "I, uh, I've never done this before."
"You're forty years old and you've never changed a diaper?"
Josh waved the diaper around like the white flag of surrender, which Sebastian found immensely entertaining. "Youngest child. No nieces or nephews. Not close to extended family. Do you see how my opportunities might have been limited?"
"Observe," Sam instructed. Josh watched while Sam did a flourish with his wrist, something that seemed to involve Sebastian's legs, another couple of wrist things, and -- voila -- freshly diapered baby. "Just like that," he said, as he washed his hands.
"I have *no* idea what you did there."
Sam shook his head and picked the baby up off the counter. "Come back to bed, Josh."
"Nah, I'm, I'm really up," he said as he ran a hand through his hair. "And I think the kid's hungry."
Sam held Sebastian up in front of him and looked him over. "What makes you say that?"
"'Cause I'm hungry?"
Sam laughed. "That's not how it works, Mir, but--" he stopped. "Are you saying you want him for a while?"
"I'm up," he repeated, as though this were an answer of any sort. He half held his hands out. "I may as well..." He drew his hands back. "But I can't--"
Sam laughed again and held Sebastian out. "I'm sure Angela's not breast-feeding." Josh didn't move. "It's okay, Josh. He won't break."
"You sure?"
"Fairly."
"How are you so good at this?" Josh asked and took the baby gingerly.
"Seven younger cousins, remember?" he said. "And, Josh? His name's Sebastian."
He grinned sheepishly. "I keep thinking it's Iago."
Sam rolled his eyes. "Only you, Mir. Put your hand behind his head."
Josh did this and started down the hall toward the kitchen. "Come on, Sebastian," he said. "Let's get ourselves some breakfast. Or maybe just me. Or...whatever."
Sam laughed softly and sat on the edge of the bed. He could desperately use two more hours of sleep, and it would mean a lot to Josh that Sam trusted him that much with the baby.
On the other hand, did he trust Josh that much with the baby? He tried to convince himself that the distance from the bedroom to the kitchen was not enough to get into trouble, but then he remembered that he was dealing with Josh, and that two inches might've been enough.
Exhaustion must've gotten the better of him, because the next thing he knew it was seven thirty, the sun peeked in through the gap where the curtains didn't close completely, and he had slept sitting up for the past hour and a half, slumped against the headboard. The rest of the apartment was distressingly quiet. Didn't kids usually make noise? Didn't Josh?
Sam slid off the bed and back into his slippers and tried to work out the crick in his neck. When he walked through the living room, he noticed Angela still sprawled across the pull-out, dead to the world. Her son had woken up screaming twice, and she'd been oblivious to the whole thing. He shook his head and continued to the kitchen, and at that point he could barely decide whether to laugh or bang his head against the wall.
The counters were strewn with bowls and measuring cups. Every burner on the range had a pan on it, and a light dusting of flour coated everything. The table alone had survived the catastrophe; a plate, fork, a glass, and a baby bottle were the only things on it. Josh sat at the table, his feet on another chair, Sebastian on his lap, an enormous book balanced against his knees. "Why, thou has put him in such a dream, that when the image of it leaves him he must run mad," Josh said, his voice low and questionably British. "Nay," shooting up half an octave above normal, "but say true; does it work upon him?" His voice dropped again. "Like aqua-vitae with a midwife."
"Josh!" Sam hissed, "what are you *doing*?"
"Reading to Sebastian," he said, unperturbed.
"Reading him *what*?"
"_Twelfth Night._ What's wrong?"
"Aque-vitae and midwives?"
Josh shrugged. "It's Shakespeare. Specifically, it's the play his name comes from. I thought he should know it. At least, I assumed it's this one." He flipped the book over and looked at the front cover. "I suppose it could've been _The Tempest._ But the Sebastian in this one's a nicer guy."
"You were doing voices."
"There's, like, four characters in the scene," he pointed out.
"It's not from Shakespeare, Josh." Sam pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes. "I really hate to burst your bubble, but she named him after Belle and Sebastian."
"The band?"
"Yeah."
"The really awful band?"
"Taste in music is so subjective, Josh--"
"Drive," he said sternly.
Sam shrugged. "Yeah. The really awful band."
Josh regarded the baby. "You did not tell me these things, Sebastian. But l guess it's okay. It's not your fault your mother makes unforgivable choices in music -- and child naming."
"What happened in here?" Sam asked, surveying the counters.
"A culinary experiment. Didn't go exactly the way it was supposed to, but we had fun trying, didn't we?" Sebastian gurgled approval.
Sam's eyes widened, and he shook his head. "I'll clean up," he said, desperate to have something -- anything -- to do with his hands.
"We were going to get that," Josh insisted, and turned a page. "As soon as we finished this act."
Sam leaned against the sink and willed the shaking to stop. Josh sat at the kitchen table with a baby in his lap, reading Shakespeare out loud and referring to himself and the baby in the plural. Suddenly Sam was terrified. A gear had slipped in the life he thought he was building with Josh. He could tolerate Sebastian for one night because Angela was family, but Josh was getting too cozy for Sam's liking.
At a quarter to nine, when the kitchen was clean again and Sir Toby Belch had been put back on his shelf, Sir Toby Ziegler called to ask Sam where the hell he was. "Listen, Toby, there's this thing going on here--" he began, but stopped when Josh waved at him. "Hang on." He covered the mouthpiece and looked at Josh.
"Go on in," he said. "Leo said he doesn't need me today; I can stay with Angela and Sebastian. It's okay."
But Sam knew, instinctively, that it was not. If he wanted even a marginal shot at getting his life back, he would have to remain with mother and child. He shook his head at Josh and uncovered the phone. "It's just the intro for Monday, right?...I can write that from -- I need to be here today, Toby," he said firmly. "No, I -- I'll finish it by noon. I promise.... I will finish it by noon and email it to you....Yes....Yes. Thank you, Toby." He hung up and steepled his fingers in front of his lips. "Josh," he said softly.
"Write your intro. We're good here," he said, totally misunderstanding the message. Maybe on purpose.
Angela practically fell into the kitchen. "G'morni," she slurred.
"Morning," Josh said, waving Sebastian's hand at her. "Tell Mommy 'good morning,' Sebastian."
Sam's breath came a little easier. At least Josh still remembered who the child belonged to. Angela clung to the edges of the kitchen, avoided the table where Josh sat with her son. Sam pursed his lips and watched her pour a bowl of Cheerios and eat it dispassionately, glassy-eyed, upright at the counter. She didn't offer to take Sebastian; didn't ask how he'd slept or apologize for him disturbing their sleep. She acted as though her connection to the child had been completely severed.
"Who wants the shower first?" Sam picked up a mug and the coffee carafe, and then put them both down.
"Take it," Josh offered. "You've got a speech to write."
Sam turned a spoon lying on the counter in slow circles. "As soon as the intro is written, we're all sitting down and talking," he said. His cousin kept her eyes trained on a Cheerio that had fallen to the floor.
Nothing could ruffle Josh today. "All right."
And thank god Toby had sworn to eviscerate Sam if the speech wasn't on his computer screen by noon. Only that threat kept his mind even remotely were it was supposed to be. He wrote in fits, distracted by noises from the living room, his attention captured by Josh's bizarre interactions with Angela and her son. They watched some Saturday morning cartoon Sam envisioned as a rapid series of red and blue cut-aways. Josh tried to engage Angela in conversation, but she was 19 and scared, and Josh was 40 and more than a bit on edge himself, and the only subject they had in common -- Sam -- they viewed from such antithetical angles he might as well have been two men. Josh gave up and went for a walk -- no doubt taking Sebastian with him. Sam hit "Send" and hoped the magic of Toby's red pen could resuscitate his lackluster draft.
He came into the living room and leaned against the wall, arms crossed, watching the tableau. Josh had zonked out the far end of the couch, one foot on the floor, his other leg sprawled across the couch, head back, mouth open slightly, one hand dangling over the edge of the couch, the other resting on his head. Angela sat on the near end, awake, eyes still glued to the floor, hands twisting incessantly in her lap. Sebastian lay on his back between them, blissfully oblivious, hands and feet pumping uselessly in the air. "The speech is done," Sam announced.
Josh woke with a jerk, hit himself in the head, and struggled upright, drawing the frayed cuff of his gray Harvard sweatshirt across his eyes. "Any good?"
Sam shrugged. "Nothing wrong with it that Toby can't fix." He sat on the couch between his lover and his cousin, pulling Sebastian onto his lap. "So." He pressed the bottoms of the baby's feet together. "Who wants to go first? Angela?"
She still didn't look up from the floor. "I -- I resent the hell out of him." Her voice was low, and calm, and totally unlike the night's squeaky panic.
"Sebastian's father?" Sam asked.
She shook her head; her hair fell further in front of her face. "Sebastian."
Josh lunged forward, fell back when he realized he had nothing to say, only vague indignation. Sam dropped Sebastian's legs and pushed up the sleeves of his sweater. "What do you mean, exactly?"
"I mean, exactly, that this baby has ruined my life. I don't -- I know it's not his fault, but there were *things* I was gonna do, you know? Every time I look at him--" She would not go on.
"Angela?" She looked away, stared unblinking out the window. "Every time you look at him...what?"
"He should be somewhere," she said quietly. "Someplace where somebody will appreciate him, and not think of their huge fuck-up whenever they see him."
"You want to give him up, you mean." Sam kept his voice as neutral as he could. Josh was rock-still beside him, glaring down at clenched hands.
"I'm sorry," she said.
"Okay." Papa Vinci's way had been to rant, and throw things, and bemoan the collapse of a dignified family with centuries of history and tradition. What had developed as Sam's way was quiet and dreadful, and you understood that whatever consequences resulted from your actions were *yours* to deal with, not the family's. Angela blanched and pulled away from him into the couch.
Josh felt the world shift. Until twenty seconds ago, he had thought of Sebastian in the abstract -- he was a cute kid and all, and the two hours they'd spent together when Sam fell asleep again had been pleasant enough, even considering that Sebastian wasn't much of a conversationalist -- but he was just a house guest, like any other house guest passing through their apartment. Now, suddenly, he was a four-month-old baby whose mother was discussing discarding him as casually as any other piece of useless junk. Josh stood. "Sam, a word, if I may? In the bedroom." Sam handed Sebastian to his mother and followed down the hall. Josh slammed the door. "You're just going to let her give him away?"
Sam sat on the bed and ran his hands across Josh's grandmother's quilt. "What else can I do, Josh? She's obviously -- he's not safe with her. Especially not if his father's hanging around."
"There has to be a better option! She's family, for God's sake. You can't just let her go around giving her kids away." He stormed around the foot of the bed. "Someone in your family -- your cousin Tracy--"
"Cut all ties to the family when The Aunts put me in charge."
"The Aunts! Yes! They raised 11 kids; they can take one more."
"They raised 11 kids, Josh. They've earned a rest."
Josh dropped wearily. They faced away from each other on the bed. Josh put his fingers to his forehead, pressed his elbows into his knees. "There has to be *somebody.*"
"Well--"
Josh popped up like toast. "No way. Uh-uh, Sam."
"You asked for options." But he was relieved. He had worried this morning, when Josh looked like he wanted to meld Sebastian into their family unit, but clearly taking the kid for longer than one night was nowhere on Josh's list of priorities.
"Not this. We had...for lack of a better word, Sam, we had an equation. There were no children in that equation."
"I know."
"Still--"
Sam's breath caught again. **No. No "still." Please, Josh--**
"We have the money."
The stripes in the wallpaper were doing weird little wavy things at the edge of Sam's field of vision. "We work twelve-hour days, Josh. And those are the good days. We also -- and what the hell? It takes a damned lot more than money, and you know it."
"Yeah, I do."
"We didn't want kids, Josh."
Josh exhaled fast, his nostrils flaring slightly. "No, we didn't."
They slouched in silence on opposite sides of the bed, not looking at each other. "There are really good agencies in California," Sam said.
"Yeah."
The phone rang, and Sam picked up on the second ring. "Hello?"
"Sam?" CJ hadn't had a full night's sleep since Nora was born, the day before re-election, and Sam heard it in the ragged patches in her voice.
"Hey, CJ. What's going on?"
"Well, I -- I feel really silly, but I -- hey, why aren't you at work?"
"Minor domestic complications."
She laughed wearily. "Funny you should say that. Nora and I, we're having a minor domestic complication of our own over here. Leo's holed up with the Chiefs, and I know Josh didn't go in today..."
"I'll send him over." Josh stood and robotically gathered coat and keys.
"Thanks, Sam. I owe you." She paused. "Hey, you all right?"
"Sure. Why not?" If she bought that, they needed a new press secretary.
"Whatever you say, Sam. Thanks for loaning me Josh."
"No problem. Talk to you later." He hung up and stared ahead.
Josh lingered in the doorway. "I, ah, I don't know when I'll be back."
Sam didn't look at him. "Hang on," he said. "I'm coming with you."
And if Josh thought there was anything strange about that, he didn't mention it.
CJ and Leo had a house now, out in Chevy Chase, not far from where Leo used to live with Jenny. He claimed it didn't bother him. CJ was almost deliriously happy, and Eleanor Amanda was as thrilled as a one-month-old can be about anything.
"It's weird, isn't it?" Sam asked as Josh maneuvered the byways of suburbia.
"What's weird?"
"Leo and CJ. Owning a house."
"It's for the best, really. Now that they have Nora."
Josh and Sam had been to Leo and CJ's house five times. They had this conversation every time.
"We'd have to move," Sam pointed out.
"Probably."
"You can't keep a kid in that apartment."
"Probably not."
"Josh." Josh looked over at him. "You've lived in that apartment for, like, ten years. You've grown fond."
Josh considered. "I have." He brightened. "But I imagine I could become fond of someplace else."
Sam stared out the window and refused to speak to him again.
CJ grinned when she opened the door for them. "Josh. I see you brought a friend."
Sam hugged her with one arm. "Hi, CJ."
Josh stepped past them both into the foyer. "Nice place you got here, Ceej."
"So you always say, Joshua. So you say every time you're here."
"It's a nice place every time." He slouched in the hall, hands in his pockets, eyes on the ceiling. "So, what's going on? Where's the disaster?"
"Minor domestic complication," she corrected. "This way."
They followed into the warm, bright family room. Nora slept in a crib in the middle of the floor, hands curled into ineffectual fists. "Why is the crib in the middle of the living room?" Josh asked.
"There is *a* crib in the middle of the living room. It's an old one from when Annie was a baby. Liz gave it to us. The real one's in Nora's room, obviously." CJ led them to the fireplace. "The flue's stuck open. I think -- there might be birds building nests up there. Think you can get it closed?"
The two men looked from each other to CJ. "Oh, I get it," Josh said. "Very funny. That's a nice little joke at our expense, CJ."
She looked blank and then started laughing. "Oh, I -- no, really; I'd forgotten all about that. I just...we're not going to be having any fires -- Ellie says they're not good for Nora's lungs -- and I just thought...it's stuck, and I can't get it closed."
Josh climbed into the fireplace and poked around with a fire iron. Sam had no idea if he knew what he was doing. The speechwriter crossed to the crib and looked down on the sleeping child. "So, CJ," he said, too casually, "how's it going? Parenthood." Nora smelled like talcum powder, and she sneezed softly in her sleep, thrusting her tongue at imagined dangers.
"It's exhausting," she admitted. "I don't remember the last time I got a normal amount of sleep -- even what passes for normal with us. And I think I'm cheating, since Leo's done this before." She ran her hands through her hair. "The first couple weeks, I was terrified. Every time she moved I was ready to run for the ER. Thank God Ellie and the First Lady were around to tie me to the chair." She smiled and ran her index finger across her daughter's wispy bangs. The baby looked like Leo with CJ's hair. "But I wouldn't trade it. Honest to God I wouldn't. Not for anything." She looked at the strangled expression on Sam's face. "What's the deal, Sparky? You guys thinking about getting one?"
Josh climbed out of the fireplace, wiped sooty hands on his pant legs and laughed nervously. "No, no. I uh -- I think we should get a Golden Retriever." He stared at Nora as though she had crash-landed from a distant galaxy. "Uh, can I...?"
The press secretary searched his face, shrugged. "Sure." She reached into the crib and gathered the soft mass into her arms. "Wake up, sweetpea," she said. "Josh and Sam want to talk to you." She held Nora out to Josh, and he took her with even more trepidation than he had taken Sebastian. This baby seemed more gelatinous, like she was about to ooze over his hands to the floor.
Josh walked slowly to the couch and sat almost experimentally, relaxing only a little when Nora seemed disinclined to acknowledge she'd been moved. Sam sat next to him, hands back in his coat pockets. "Well," Josh said quietly.
"Indeed," Sam replied. They stared at her.
"It's, um, it's certainly a baby."
"Very good, Josh," CJ said, arms crossed in amusement.
Josh looked around the house, with a soothing seascape hanging on the wall and a sunburst window over the front door. He had never believed that only one man and one woman, legally married, could provide a home for a child, but damn it, Sebastian *had* a family. Sam was his family. Josh was, too, come to think of it. "Maybe it's not that hard," Josh murmured.
"Maybe it's--" Sam shook his head in a mixture of exasperation and rising panic at Josh's stubborness. "CJ, tell Josh how hard it is. Being a parent."
"Unimaginably hard." CJ leaned against the back of another chair. "Indescribably hard. Chaos personified."
Josh grinned at her. "But it's okay, right?"
She smiled back fondly. "It's better than okay." She started to say something else, changed her mind. "Did you fix my fireplace?"
"This was not -- this really did not constitute a domestic crisis of any kind," Josh complained.
"I know." She nodded. "I miss you guys." She tapped her fingers against the dark upholstery. Sam stared at her nails. The polish was probably called peach, or mango, or passionfruit.
Sam asked, "When are you coming back to us, CJ?"
"Three more weeks." She looked at Nora. "I love her. I adore her. But I *miss* you guys."
Josh smiled, half at the baby, half at the mother. "We miss you, too."
Sam pushed himself up off the couch. "We should go. There's a...we should be getting back."
"Okay." CJ leaned her chin on her palm. "Can I have my daughter back?"
"Oh -- ah -- oh, yeah." Josh remembered he was holding a baby. He got just as carefully to his feet, holding Nora half a foot ahead of him.
Sam kissed CJ on the cheek. Her skin was soft and whispery, and he wondered what kind of makeup she wore and why he would give a possibly damn. "Your daughter is beautiful."
She touched his arm. "Thank you."
"Your daughter," Josh said accusingly as he handed Nora off, "looks like Leo."
**********
"I feel a need for some fruit juice," Sam told Josh as they climbed the stairs to their apartment.
"Fruit juice?" Josh held his key ring up. All these years in the apartment and he still couldn't tell which key let him in.
"I need some fruit juice," he asserted, nodding. "Something exotic. Peach; mango -- maybe passionfruit."
"Uh, akay." He shook his keys in triumph. "There it is! It really shouldn't -- we need house keys that don't look like every other key on the ring."
Mr Estancia across the hall was a nasty old man who often accused them of dealing drugs to neighborhood kids. He opened his door to the full extent allowed by the chain and pressed his lips into the gap. "There is," he informed them, leering at Sam, "a baby crying in your apartment."
Now they heard it -- shrill and rapid and not at all the way he'd cried in the night. "Uh, sorry," Josh said.
"There has been," Mr Estancia continued, "a baby crying in your apartment for the last fifteen minutes."
"Shit," Sam muttered. Josh fumbled the key into the lock, and they fell inside.
Angela sat on the couch with her son on her knees. He screamed and screamed, and she stared at him and didn't move. She did not turn her head toward the door when it opened. "Help me, Sam," she begged, staring at Sebastian. "I can't -- he won't shut up, and I can't move."
Josh dove halfway across the room, scooped up the baby, and headed for the bathroom. He got Sebastian cleaned up easily enough, but he still had no idea how to change the damned diaper. He felt Sam behind him. "He...he needs to be changed."
"And fed," Sam said, hiding a smile.
"And a lot of other things," Josh almost had the first wrist thing and the leg thing, but the second wrist thing continued to give him trouble. All he could think was how he'd never forgive himself if anything happened to Sebastian, and how it was certain to if he went back to California with his mother. And maybe that had something to do with Joanie, and he knew it shouldn't, but he figured the immediate physical well-being of a four-month child had to trump the age-old emotional scars of a forty-year-old political operative.
"Josh--" Sam began.
"All I'm saying is--"
"We had an equation, Josh."
"So we'll write a new one. We're smart guys."
"I'm no good at math, Josh. Never have been." But he touched Sebastian's arm just the same.
Josh clenched his jaw. "They'll take him away, Sam. They'll give him to somebody else, and we'll never see him again."
"One less Vinci to harass us."
Josh pressed the tip of his finger against the countertop and watched the skin under his fingernail turn white. "Yeah, so, I know I've been kind of vocal about my annoyance with your family--" Sam raised his eyebrow, and Josh sighed. "Okay, so I've been loud and obnoxious about my annoyance with your family. But, look -- they're always asking you to do these shady, immoral things, and now for once you have a chance to do some good."
"Oh, for god's sake, Mir! That's one of the dumbest--"
"All right," Josh cut him off. "If his father is so dangerous, will Angela even be safe taking Sebastian back to California?"
"There are agencies here, too, Josh." Sam slumped against the wall, too tired to continue this argument upright.
"I want him here. With us." Josh said it with some finality.
Sam avoided making eye contact. "A new equation, huh?" Because, sure, there were good agencies, and thousands of people waiting to adopt, and he felt a little guilty depriving someone of a child they'd wanted for five years, but Sebastian was family. He felt the connection -- blood calls to blood, his grandmother would've said. And if he were honest, there had been something beautiful in watching Josh read Shakespeare to a four-month-old, and suddenly he couldn't remember if he said he didn't want children because he didn't want children or because Josh didn't.
The smile split Josh's face. "It's just algebra; I promise. There will never be differential calculus."
"You still don't know how to do this," Sam said, and pointed at the diaper.
"I -- I watched you do it once. It's not like--"
"It's a thing you'd need to know how to do." He nudged Josh aside and finished off the wrist thing as easily as flipping a light switch.
Josh fought back a grin. "I'd learn."
The speechwriter picked up Sebastian and wiggled him gently. "Toby will be thrilled for us."
"Screw him." Josh blew a raspberry at Sebastian. "I want this kid."
"Really." He somehow managed to pose it as a challenge.
Josh stared Sam dead in the eye. "Really really."
Sam nodded once and handed Sebastian over. "Okay."
"Okay?" He blinked. "That was...that was freakishly easy."
Sam shrugged. He tickled Sebastian's arm. "He's a Vinci. Taking care of the Vincis is what I do."
Josh grinned. "I think even Gualtiero would say this is this above and beyond the call of duty, Drive."
"Well then it's a good thing he's not in charge anymore, isn't it?" he asked Sebastian. He frowned. "Will Angela agree?"
"We're not her. She'll be ecstatic."
"And the rest of the staff?"
"Screw 'em." Sebastian thought that was pretty funny.
"You are a master of the English language, Mir." Sam reached for the doorknob. "Truly."
**********
They dispensed with another incident involving Debbie O'Leary. Really, the woman wanted to get fired. Josh's palms were sweating.
"Anything else?" Leo asked.
Sam stared at Josh. Josh stared at the floor. "Um..."
The President raised an eyebrow. "Yes, Josh?"
"We -- um...on a personal note..."
"This should be great fun." Toby turned his notepad around in his lap.
"My cousin Angela--" Sam decided to throw Josh a rope. "She had a baby four months ago. Sebastian."
"Great kid," Josh said.
"But she..."
"She's no good with him. She's in no way prepared to be a mother." Josh rubbed his head a couple times. "So Sam and I are taking him."
Jed nodded. "Admirable of you, guys. How long? A week? A month?"
Sam's mouth twisted to the side. "Actually, sir..."
"Oh, fuck." Toby was an eloquent man.
"Permanently?" Leo laughed. "Definitely not a Golden Retriever, Josh."
Sam put a hand over smiling lips. Josh kicked the carpet. "Can't tell that woman anything."
"This is...this is such a bad idea I can't formulate an argument against it," Toby muttered.
"It's done, Toby," Sam said firmly. "There's no argument to be made."
"So you two are, what?" Toby asked. "Parents now?"
Josh hadn't thought of it that way, but he nodded thoughtfully. Sam grinned and stared at his hands. "Yes, Toby," he said. "I guess that's what we are. We're still working out legal issues, but we don't foresee a lot of problems."
Josh stared at Sam, astounded by how easily the lie rolled off his tongue. They had stayed up half the previous night discussing just how many problems they were looking at with adoption laws and residency issues, never mind Sebastian's father, reputedly to be a vicious young man with a volatile and unpredictable temper. Sam caught the look and shrugged minutely: not here, that shrug said.
"Congratulations; really." Jed patted Sam's arm.
"You guys are idiots. You are aware of that?" Leo pretended to scowl.
"Where is he now?"
"At home, sir. His mother is staying until tomorrow night to...to say good-bye, I guess." Josh wasn't certain how he felt about that, knowing how Angela was with her son. But it had bought them two days to figure out what to do with him while they weren't home, and she was his mother, and his ability to formulate coherent arguments about any aspect of this situation was vanishing rapidly.
Toby crossed his arms. "God help this child. He's...four months old is far too early to have your life destroyed." To Sam and Josh, this was the same as a blessing.
The speechwriter frowned as they left the Oval Office. "I have an urge to call and make sure he's okay. Is that--"
"What anxious first-time fathers do? Absolutely. We'll call from your office."
Sam pressed his fingertips against Josh's chest. "Josh! Have we done an immeasurably stupid thing? I mean, have we done a gigantically, catastrophically *dumb* thing?"
Josh put his hand over Sam's. "Of course we have, but that's not the right question."
"Not the right question?" His eyebrow lifted.
"The right question is: Would we *undo* the gigantically, catastrophically dumb thing we've done."
Sam slid his hand away. "No chance of that."
"There you go." Josh squeezed Sam's shoulder. "See? A new equation, and it didn't hurt a bit. How are you feeling about math now?"
A faint smile lit Sam's face. "I admit, it's not so bad. But, seriously, Josh; try any of that upper level shit on me and I *will* throw an abacus at your head."
They went to make the call.
FIN
Like? Loathe? Feel like throwing an abacus at my head? thwarted1066@yahoo.com| Clip Of "I Am a Man" This clip, title, and description were not created by C-SPAN.
User-Created Clip
May 14, 2012
May 14, 2012
Clip: "I Am a Man"2009-07-11T15:44:05-04:00: "I Am a Man"
Clip: "I Am a Man"
Hosting Organization
- Printers Row Lit FestPrinters Row Lit Fest
Series
More Videos From
2009 Chicago Printers Row Lit FestMore Videos……Entertainment
17 Mainstream Movies Where The Actors Are Actually Hooking Up
By|
Up until the 1960s, the Motion Picture Production Code and US Law restricted unsimulated sex in movies.
That’s when mainstream cinemas began to push the boundaries in terms of what they were showing on the big.
← Previous Story Chyna: What Just Happened? – The Ninth Wonder Of The WorldLife: It's gloomy and rainy here today but I'm okay with it. Especially after stepping out in the backyard yesterday afternoon and seeing the green pop out. Our raspberry bushes are leafing, our peach trees are busting to bloom. The tulips should be ringing in their vibrant colors soon. At work, it's so nice to walk down the sidewalk and see the trees budding. I truly work at the most beautiful place. They take such great care of the landscape here. The only thing I like better then walking to work is walking from work to see and smell the beautiful trees, flowers and shrubs. There is always something flowering or budding. I don't know what most of it is-but that doesn't stop me from appreciating its beauty. I often wonder if others appreciate the start of something new or if they are bustling to and fro that they don't even notice.!).
In his first-ever interview with an Arabic-language newspaper, Lieutenant General Gadi Eisenkot, chief of staff of the Israeli military, said he viewed the majority-Jewish state and ultraconservative Sunni Muslim kingdom as natural allies due to their mutual enmity for revolutionary Shiite Muslim Iran. Israel has labeled Iran an existential threat, and Tehran’s growing influence across the Middle East and beyond has also outpaced Saudi Arabia’s own efforts to dominate the region, establishing an informal axis between the U.S., Israel and Saudi Arabia that’s gone largely unspoken until now.
Related: Who is Saad Hariri? Lebanon’s “kidnapped” U.S. ally tweets he’s okay, but still in Saudi Arabia
Keep up with this story and more by subscribing now
“In this matter, there is complete agreement between us and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, which was never one of our enemies nor have they fought us nor have we fought them, and I think there is a complete consensus between us and them in regards to the Iranian axis,” Eisenkot told London-based pan-Arab newspaper Elaph.
“I was at the meeting of the chiefs of staff in Washington, and when I heard what the Saudi representative said, I found it was exactly identical to what I think about Iran and the need to confront it in the region and the need to stop its expansionist programs,” Eisenkot added.
Saudi Arabia has refused to recognize Israel since its establishment in 1948 and the mass expulsion of Palestinians that came with it. After the Islamic Revolution toppled the pro-West Shah in 1979 and established Iran as an anti-imperialist force in the region, however, Saudi Arabia and Israel’s interests began to align.
Both countries were vicious critics of former President Barack Obama’s 2015 nuclear deal with Iran (and have been proponents of President Donald Trump’s efforts to scrap it), and both opposed Iranian support for foreign political and militant movements across the region. Iran was crucial in creating and supporting the powerful Lebanese Shiite Muslim movement Hezbollah, which twice forced Israel into a stalemate in Lebanon,. Saudi Arabia and its allies also accuse Iran of funding groups in Yemen, where the Saudi kingdom is involved in a prolonged war against the Zaidi Shiite Muslim group known as the Houthi movement, and in majority-Shiite Muslim Bahrain, where the pro-Saudi Sunni Muslim royal family blamed a recent oil explosion and fire on Iran-backed militants.
To help Saudi Arabia thwart its increasingly powerful rival, Eisenkot made the unprecedented move of offering to cooperate directly with Saudi Arabia’s intelligence.
“We are ready to share information if necessary. There are many common interests between us and them,” Eisenkot said.
The interview, which was published in Saudi media as well, was particularly explosive due to recent events between Lebanon and Saudi Arabia. Earlier this month, Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri, a citizen and supporter of Saudi Arabia, stunned the region when he announced his resignation after a secret trip to Riyadh. Hariri, whose father was killed in a 2005 bombing his supporters blamed on Hezbollah and its Iranian and Syrian allies, claimed he fled a similar plot, leading Saudi Arabia to state it considered the supposed conspiracy an act of war.
Hezbollah Secretary General Hassan Nasrallah, Lebanese President Michel Aoun and others, however, have argued Hariri’s decision to step down was compelled by Saudi Arabia and that the Sunni Muslim politician was subsequently detained. Hariri claimed Tuesday and Wednesday he was “perfectly fine” and hoped to return to Lebanon soon, but his rivals feared the move could be a pretext for Israel to launch a new war against Lebanon in hopes of routing Hezbollah.
A representative of Hezbollah’s media office told Newsweek last week that the group didn’t expect an imminent war with Saudi Arabia, but condemned its interference in Lebanese affairs. Nasrallah, who accused Saudi Arabia of declaring war, urged Israel on Friday not to exploit the Lebanese crisis to stage an attack, but said he thought such a move would be unlikely. Eisenkot said Tuesday that Israel had “no intention of initiating an attack on Hezbollah in Lebanon and starting a war, but we will not accept there being any strategic threat to Israel.”
“Our demand is that Hezbollah leave Syria and that Iran and its militias withdraw from Syria. We have calmly said both publicly and secretly that we will not accept any Iranian position in Syria, and especially their concentration west of the Damascus-Suwayda road. We will not allow any Iranian presence, we warned them against building factories or military bases, and we will not allow that,” Eisenkot said.
Eisenkot dispelled rumors of Israeli collusion with Al-Qaeda’s Nusra Front, now called Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, which maintained a presence near the Israel-occupied Golan Heights, in southwestern Syria. Israel has offered medical assistance to various Syrian rebel groups opposed to Assad, according to The Times of Israel, and it has reportedly paid the salaries of some as well, but it maintains no official position on the outcome of the war in Syria. It has, however, clashed with ISIS and conducted airstrikes against the Syrian army, Hezbollah and other Iranian assets in the neighboring country.
With the Israeli and Saudi positions converging, reports of quiet agreements between the two have increasingly surfaced. Last month, Saudi Arabia’s Foreign Ministry denied that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman Abdul Aziz Al Saud made a secret diplomatic visit to Israel, according to Agence France-Presse. The 32-year-old royal has become an increasingly influential force in the monarchy and, hours after Hariri announced his resignation, led a sweeping anti-corruption purge that saw dozens of Saudi princes, officials and ministers arrested.QUOTE 6, APRIL 2015
Happy Easter from Chengdu, China. I have just finished a few speaking engagements and am here for the ITF Junior Masters Tournament mentoring all the champions of tomorrow – the top 8 boys and top 8 girls in the world. It is such a great honour to help such dedicated young professionals. They are from all over the globe, from Belarus to Brazil, from Russia to Romania and have such different backgrounds and yet they all have one common goal, to be the best.
Being in China, there are so many wonderful Chinese proverbs and so much wisdom to share from 4000 years of civilized history. Here are just a few gems.
Life is really simple but we insist on making it complicated.
Confucius
Seeing it once is better than being told 100 times.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
Be careful what you water your dreams with. Water them with worry and fear and you will produce weeds that choke the life from your dream. Water them with optimism and solutions and you will cultivate success.
Lao Tzu
Teachers open the door. You enter by yourself.
Dig the well before you are thirsty.
Wishing you all an Egg-celent Easter.
Ann
Share this PostThe Inn at Diamond Cove
![
The Inn at Diamond Cove
in Portland]()
![
The Inn at Diamond Cove
in Portland]()
Overview. Prior to being an army base, Diamond Cove was a famous artistic retreat. American literary greats such as Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and Harriet Beecher Stowe spent time experiencing quiet island living there.
The Inn at Diamond Cove reopened in May of 2015 with 44 luxurious, yet simply appointed guestrooms and suites sure to accommodate the needs of its guests. The building has been restored with meticulous attention to historic detail and with the intent on preserving its original character.
The Inn at Diamond Cove, a member of Historic Hotels of America since 2016, dates back to 1891.
The Inn at Diamond cove was formerly an old army barrack that has been restored to exacting specifications in order to preserve the historic character.
Original Property Opened: 1891
Historic Hotels of America toll-free reservations number +1 800 678 8946
Hotel Amenities & Policies
Accessible Rooms: Accessible rooms are available. Please notify request at time of booking.
Adjoining Rooms: All Guest Rooms (or Parlor Rooms) adjoin a suite.
Age Requirements: Guests are required to be 18 years or older with photo identification to reserve a room and check-in.
Cancellation Policy: reservations must be cancelled in writing 14 days prior to arrival to avoid penatly of one night room and tax. Cancellations received in writing 14 days prior to arrival, or earlier, are subject to a $25 processing fee per room. There are no refunds on late arrivals, early departures, or on unused portions of packages and meal plans.
Cribs and Pack-in-Plays: Available; complimentary.
Deposit: All reservations require credit card deposit of 100% of stay including tax due at time of booking.
Hotel/Resort Fees & Taxes: Resort fee ($10/night) included: Internet access and additional inclusions. Taxes: 9%.
Occupancy Restrictions: King Room (2 guests maximum) up to Double Queen Suite (6 guests - including the sleep sofa).
Parking: Not Available. There is a marina located on the island.
Payment: All forms of payment are accepted. Payment is required at time of booking. Visa, MasterCard, Amex, Diners Club, and Discover are accepted.
Pet Policy: Service animals allowed: Please contact hotel. Pets allowed: No.
Rollaways: Not.
Learn more about the History of The Inn at Diamond Cove .AUGUSTA, Ga. (AP) – Police say a man tried to cross a narrow railroad bridge over the Savannah River in his pickup truck. The vehicle hit a beam and was left dangling off the bridge before eventually falling into the water.
The man and his brother, who was a passenger in the truck, are being treated for head injuries, The Augusta Chronicle reports ().
The bridge stretches from Augusta, Ga., across the river and into South Carolina. Cory Carlyle, a Richmond County Sheriff’s deputy, says the Ford F-150 got stuck on the tracks early Friday morning. It wound up blocking a train that was headed to South Carolina.
Authorities say the truck hit a trestle beam and later slipped off the bridge as crews tried to free it.
___
Information from: The Augusta Chronicle ,
(Copyright 2012 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)Anyone who’s ever smoked marijuana has no doubt had the experience of violently coughing after taking a hit. But why does this only happen at some times and not others? And when you cough after a toke, does it really make you higher, as stoner-legend has it? We’ve got the facts for you.
Why Does Weed Make You Cough?
The most obvious reason is that your lungs just aren’t designed to breathe in smoke. Smoke of any kind — including marijuana smoke — consists of microscopic stable, liquid particles. These particles irritate the lungs and make it harder for your body to breathe. As a result, your brain signals your lungs to start coughing to expel these foreign objects so that normal breathing can be restored.
Advertisement
However, this effect can be tempered with experience. Your lungs are incredibly adaptive, and they can be "trained" to cough less (or not at all, if you’re a seasoned smoker). That’s why your first time smoking cannabis almost certainly involved a lot of coughing — and why, for many, that effect lessens over time.
Can't Take The Heat
Heat also plays a significant role in making you cough after taking a hit. Smoking gets you high because the intense heat "activates" the the psychoactive chemical in the plant (THC). This activation allows the THC to quickly get into your bloodstream so that you feel the effects.
A byproduct of this intense heat is lung irritation. Your lungs and their sensitive tissues are easily irritated by the hot smoke, which causes you to cough. That’s why using a water pipe, such as a bong, is so effective at reducing coughing: The water cools down the smoke before it enters your lungs. Putting ice cubes in your bong can make that effect even stronger.
Also, any smoker knows that if you take a rip too big for you, then you’ll start coughing. The more lung capacity you have, the more smoke your lungs can hold. Like a balloon, your lungs can only hold so much. If you over-fill a balloon, it pops. Your lungs, on the other hand, are forced to expel the smoke in another way: coughing. That’s why getting too confident with your hit size can lead to a coughing fit.
Advertisement
Lastly, the quality of your product has a significant effect on how likely it is to make you cough. An unfortunate reality is that less-than-reputable cannabis is often grown with pesticides and other additives, in addition to any dust or mildew that may have found its way into your stash. These things in and of themselves are irritating to your lungs, and exposing yourself to them will increase your risk of coughing.
But if you’re looking to get blasted, do you actually want to be coughing?
Does Coughing Make You Higher?
This question may be as old as the plant itself. Many stoners claim that if you cough from smoking, you’ll get higher than if you don’t. The prevailing theory is that coughing expands the lungs, which results in more surface area being exposed to the smoke.
But in reality, the lungs are expanding due to a forceful inhalation of air followed immediately by a cough. That's letting out all the smoke in your lungs. Since it’s the smoke that gets you high, and coughing quickly rids you of the smoke, it follows that coughing wouldn’t make you more high at all.
The reason it may seem that way is that just before you coughed, you probably took in more smoke than your lungs could hold. So even though you coughed the smoke back out, taking such a massive hit would still result in getting somewhat intoxicated. In short, taking a huge hit is what causes both the coughing and the feeling of being extra high, rather than the coughing bringing about a sense of being extra high in and of itself.
Advertisement
Basically, the best way to maximize your intake would be to take as big of a hit as your body will allow without causing you to cough.
Read These Stories Next:
(Refinery29 in no way encourages illegal activity and would like to remind its readers that marijuana usage continues to be an offense under Federal Law, regardless of state marijuana laws. To learn more, click here.)
AdvertisementDriving down any street in Vine City makes it impossible to ignore that this historic park of Atlanta has sustained a tornado of economic violence for decades. There are more empty homes then occupied homes due to extreme predatory lending . The lack of capital has forced residents out of their homes and into the streets, many have been virtually forced to engage in illegal activity that's further hurt residents. The tactic of divide and conquer has been administered here to disastrous results.
Vine City and English avenue really are ground zero for the housing crisis that Atlanta is under the lash of. The work here is vital, and in the three months we've been engaged here there have been sparks of hope. We've saved a church and we're now fighting save a home that's being illegally foreclosed on by Bank of America, we're facilitating weekly clean ups, we're teaching elementary school aged kids to plant urban gardens, we've just started a weekly political education program, we're hosting a weekly community meeting where residents can brainstorm ways to organize their community for change, and we're beginning to engage with folks trying to halt the closing of Kennedy Middle School.
It's a start, and there's no doubt that what Vine City needs is a Vine City movement led by Vine City residents. It's an uphill battle against unprecedented wealth disparity, but these days the impossible feels more possible than any time in recent history.
There's power being built in Vine City, and you're invited to participate!
Come by our new headquarters at 245 Griffin Street. It's a 24/7 operation.
Tim Franzen
American Friends Service Committee
Las Vegas Nevada organized protection and outfitted apartments feature set records for more age in a row for fastened growing and fast discernment. Why decide us to activity you in your historical acres transactions? Success in the group performing! There is a lot statesman to mercantilism and purchasing a plate than the selling itself. Attention to force from advantage to closing.
las vegas corporate housing
The material and aggregation is excellent and telltale as comfortably.
Vrujci hoteliHello Partners, We are looking for *Linux Engineer with Security exp. *for one of our client at *Sunnyvale, CA*. Please let me know your interest.
Advertising
*Sr. Linux Engineer with Security exp.* *Location: Sunnyvale, CA* *Duration: 6-12 Months* *Highly required Skills:* · Unix/Linux administration · Scripting in Perl, Python or Bash · Nginx/Apache · Knowledge of Load-Balancers · *Knowledge of SSL Certificates and security* · ModSecurity experience a plus · Some networking knowledge a plus *Required:* · fluent user/sysadmin of the Linux operating system (expert knowledge for Sr. level) fluent in at least two scripting languages, such as Perl, Python, Ruby, LUA, Go, or shell (two+ for Sr. level) (Django, JSP and/or JS a plus) · knowledge of/experience with one or more object-oriented programming languages, such as Java (full-stack) or C++ · Broad, applied experience with common computing platforms, legacy and modern development tools and languages, database management systems, and current open source infrastructure software solutions · Understanding of how to design systems and services for high availability (experience for Sr. level) · 3+ years supporting hosted services in a high volume mission-critical environment · Experience with DevOps tools, processes, and culture · Experience with relational databases and NoSQL · Knowledge of security frameworks and tools, exploits and attacks · Experience with Version Control software (RCS, SVN, Git, CVS,) · Experience with large-scale configuration management tools such as Puppet, Ansible, Salt, Chef, or equivalent. · Strong background in Agile development · Superior organizational and communications skills.Town of Holliston
The official website of the Town of Holliston.
The official website of the Town of Holliston.
The official site of the Holliston Public Schools.
Holliston Parent Teacher Student Association The Holliston PTSA provides resources and enrichment programs for all students and teachers pre-K-12. We maintain strong partnerships with parents, teachers, school administrators and staff. Our members also give a tremendous amount of their time to operate the organization and all of our activities. We are also affiliated with state and National PTA organizations and have access to their resources..Hey, |--==> On Tue, 10 Aug 2010 16:07:56 +0100, Jonathan Lange <jml at mumak.net> said: JL>? >> JL> In short, no. There's a longstanding ticket about doing this: JL>. Thanks for the pointer, it looks very promising. JL> It would be pretty easy to kludge something together that worked for JL> parallelizing across cores if you're willing to sacrifice the debugger JL> support and a bunch of the other advanced things that disttrial aim to JL> achieve. JL> * Add a way for trial to run tests based off a list of FQPNs in a JL> file, say, --from-list JL> * Write something that does: JL> * trial --reporter=subunit --dry-run | subunit-ls > all-tests JL> * split all-tests into N sublists however you fancy JL> * trial --reporter=subunit --from-list=sublistN JL> * Then something that aggregates those subunit streams into a real report. That would be indeed easy, and probably acceptable while waiting for disttrial to get its way into Twisted trunk. Cheers, Free12 Nails Went Into Totem Pole
Brass headed nails were knocked into a totem pole for every boy who has passed through the Chelveston Cub Pack, at a recent investiture in the village.
The Cub A.D.C. (Mr. R. Brown) presented first stars to R. Burton, C. Saddington and M. Palmer. Twelve nails were afterwards knocked into the totem pole.
There was a demonstration of work and community singing. Among those present were Mrs. C. Ayton Williams (Cub Mistress) and Mr. D. Winters (District Commissioner for Scouts).You have no items in your shopping cart.
Liquid Supplements General
Floravital Yeast And Gluten Fr 500 MLFloravital contains the same ingredients as the original floradix formulation for health and vitality. However, floravital is yeast and gluten free with no added sugar as it does not contain honey.‚Ä¶..read more info below Learn More
Gallexier artichoke food supplement 250mlMay help support a healthy digestion. Gallexier is a liquid formula that contains many carefully selected mellow herbs including artichoke, dandelion and gentian. Many adults find gallexier invaluable‚Ä¶..read more info below Learn MoreBut the month’s news was dominated by continued intervention by African governments into their telecoms markets. In Algeria, the wrangle between the Government and Vimpelcom over ownership of local mobile operator Djezzy ground on. Unable to easily get its way through compulsory purchase, the former has imposed $1.3 billion of fines on the Telco to attempt to force Vimpelcom’s hand over an asset that it now values at $6.5 billion.
The south and east of the continent fared no better. Here’s a few more stories:
- In Tanzania it transpired that the Government owns 40% of Airtel’s subsidiary in the country and has no intention of selling;
- Malawian telecoms regulator MACRA was fined $67 million for breach of contract over cancelled spectrum licenses;
- Telkom South Africa was forced to cut broadband rates 30% and had its network build suspended by the regulator;
- The Management of struggling incumbent Telkom Kenya was accused of not understanding the market by Government ministers; and
- Glo, a prospective new mobile entrant in Ghana was told that it’d lose its license if it didn’t launch by next month. In fairness, it has been saying its “about to launch” since summer 2008!
As I blogged about last month, this kind of distracting argument weakens the case for external investment in African telecoms markets and I believe ultimately slows national growth by reducing the capability of vital ICT capabilities. I totally understand the social and political need to find short term funding for projects, however taking this from the ICT market is foolhardy in the extreme if these countries wish to have functioning 21st Century economies.
It is little surprise that capital expenditure on telecoms in Brazil alone was greater than that that reported in the entire African continent. Brazil is hardly a paragon of regulatory and legislative transparency, but at least it’s reasonably predictable. Most African governments aren’t. They need to correct this if they are to modernise their economies..)
Monday, June 28, 2010
"Here I am drumming up perfume"
This is the key to it.
This is the key to everything.
Preciously.
I am worse than the gamekeeper's children
picking for dust and bread.
Here I am drumming up perfume.
From "The Breast" by Anne Sexton
Woman with a Black Hat, Félix Vallotton (1865-1925)
Sunday, June 27, 2010
"Joy is a trick in the air".
From "Birth-Dues" by Robinson Jeffers.
The Flagellants, Pieter van Laer, c.1635
Friday, June 25, 2010
"That unfakable young surface"
Obedient daily dress,
You cannot always keep
That unfakable young surface.
From "Skin" by Philip Larkin
Kneeling model, John Singer Sargent, c.1890
Thursday, June 24, 2010
One Sentence Perfume Review: Histoire d'Amour, Parfums Aubusson
Sadie Thompson channeling her inner Galadriel.
Notes from Fragrantica: Mandarin orange, osmanthus, basil, bergamot, orange blossom, galbanum, jasmine, ylang-ylang, rose, narcissus, patchouli, musk and oakmoss
La Nymphe de Foret, Guillaume Seignac (1870-1924)
Tuesday, June 22, 2010
"I was a dweller once in paradise"
I was zipping down a narrow country road this afternoon, rounded a blind curve and before me was a peacock, ambling along as if the last thing he expected was somebody driving a car into his domain. He was certainly the last thing I expected. It's always a little shocking to see something so beautiful when you're not braced for it. The sun was fierce today, so his feathers glowed as if lit from within..
From "The peacock's excuse and the hoopoe's answer" in The Conference of the Birds
A Peacock in a Classical Landscape with Lilies and Roses, Gyula Juluis De Benczur (1844-1920)
Sunday, June 20, 2010
"Come, before the summer passes..."
‘Come,.
Friday, June 18, 2010
"I swim in it, as in a sea".
From "I Sing the Body Electric" by Walt Whitman
The Disembarkation at Marseilles (detail), Peter Paul Rubens, 1622-25
Thursday, June 17, 2010
"The sun is an indistinct moon."
The sun is an indistinct moon. Frail sticks
of grass poke her ankles,
and a wet froth of spiders touches her legs
like wet fingers. The musk and smell
of air are as hot as the savory
terrible exhales from a tired horse.
From "All Summer Long" by Carol Frost. The complete poem is here.
A Late Afternoon in Summer, Thomas Moran, 1909.
*Speaking of musk, the samples have begun to arrive for the Natural Perfumers Guild musk event. It's like Christmas in June around here. And speaking of perfume, don't forget to comment or email me if you want in the draw for a sample of Oro. You have until Friday night to enter.
Tuesday, June 15, 2010
"so far as was in his power"
...
From Little Flowers of St. Francis of Assisi, XXI
The Wolf of Gubbio, Luc-Olivier Merson, 1877 (Click on the image to enlarge it)
Sunday, June 13, 2010
Saturday, June 12, 2010
"The way that lovers use is this".
"The Way That Lovers Use" by Rupert Brooke
Three nudes and a reclining man, Ernst Ludwig Kirchner, 1934
Friday, June 11, 2010
Tea, terrorists, etc.
It's been a while since I posted a link to Chapter 16 but I hope all you bookish types are checking out the site regularly. I just did a Q&A with Mark Stephen Meadows, an American artist and wanderer who traveled to Sri Lanka in 2003, hoping to spend some quality time with Tamil rebels. His account of the journey, Tea Time with Terrorists, is funny and insightful, and he had lots of interesting tidbits to offer in our interview, including his three rules of travel:
1) Get Lost.
2) Talk to Strangers.
3) Keep Your Shit Together.
Seems like sound advice to me. Read the interview here. You can sample some of Mark's writing at his website.
A Mad Tea Party, Arthur Rackham (1867-1939)
Tuesday, June 8, 2010
Sunday, June 6, 2010
"Henry's always in a very bad state"
A great clip of John Berryman talking about the Dream Songs, and performing Dream Song 14..
Musk party
Ah, that warm, snuggly, vaguely funky aura of animal that is the grounding of almost every great perfume--yes, I'm talking about musk, or maybe I should write "musk," since in perfumery we only encounter a rarefied fantasy of the genuine article. I think we're all at least somewhat familiar with the history and hazards of synthetic musks, and way too familiar with the cheap ones that that are used in all things scented, from pricey mainstream fragrances to dish detergent. The Natural Perfumers Guild aims to take us away from all that by sponsoring a community event devoted to exploring the world of musky aromatics. A slew of bloggers and perfume writers, including me, will be reviewing and (here's the best part) giving away musk fragrances from some of the most interesting natural perfumers at work today. Go to Anya's Garden and Perfume Shrine for all the details.
The event is due to begin in July. Meanwhile, help me think about musks by telling me about the ones you like. If I had to pick a favorite myself, it would probably be Cuir Mauresque. CM may call itself a leather scent, but to me it is primarily a lovable musk. As for the cheap stuff, the best musk oil I know is the Fragrance Shop's 24K Egyptian Musk--a very refined, ladylike musk, as its name implies. It's just about the only simple musk oil I ever wear by itself.
Woman with a Cat, Lilla Cabot Perry (1848-1933)
Fr.
"The broken sunset declined..."
The broken sunset declined and was gone
and it seemed a delusion to ask for the gifts of the sky.
You lowered your eyes. The moon’s thorn blossomed
and you became afraid of the mountain’s shadows.
From "Erotikos Logos" by George Seferis
"Sun and Moon" from Aurora consurgens, 15th century
Wednesday, June 2, 2010
I'm back, sort of
Oh.)..
Kay T 15 Jan 2018
Customer service very nice
Bobbie - WI - United States 14 Jan 2018
prices on pre de provence better than anywhere else
Marissa L 12 Jan 2018
Ty
JOAN B 12 Jan 2018
always happy shopping on here
Liz G - CA - United States 6 Jan 2018
greatThe Civil War
Title: Minnesota Troops at Gettysburg
Type: Newspaper
Date: 1863
Source: Goodhue County Republican
Description: The Goodhue County Republican published this account of the Minnesota regiments in the battle of Gettysburg.
Transcription:
The Glorious First Minnesota
Who that saw that noble body of men which composed the First Regiment of Minnesota's brave sons, but remembers what a fine body of men they were, and how nobly they have borne themselves through all the trying scenes of the past two years. They left our State 1,023 strong, bouyant
Cheerful.
with hope, and caring only to render to their country's flag that homage
Honor.
which they owed it as Americans and citizens of the Union.—They were the first three year's regiment to cross the Potomac, and helped cover the retreat of our army at Bull Run.
July 1861 battle, which the Union forces lost.
They have been in nearly all the battles which the Army of the Potomac
Union army assigned to the eastern part of the country.
has fought, and today they heart sickens and the tears come unbidden as we read the dispatch announcing that the glorious, honorable First Regiment, has but one hundred men and officers left. Where are those men? A voice comes up from many a gory field, saying "Gone! Gone! Gone!" Aye, they have gone to a better world; they fought the good fight , and are at rest from their work of blood and carnage;
Slaughter.
they have died that we may live—that the nation may live—and while we drop a tear to their memory—while we enjoy the pleasures of peace which their blood has purchased, let them be remembered in our daily oblations
Religious offerings.
to the God of battles. Read the record of their last fight: They numbered 410 when they went in:
WASHINGTON, July 8, 1863Hon. A. Ramsey,
Governor Alexander Ramsey.
St. Paul:
Liet. E.L. Sproat writes from Gettysburg, July 3d, 9 o'clock P.M., that the First Regiment has less than one hundred men and officers left.
Col. Colvill is wounded.
Lieutenant Colonel Adams is mortally wounded.
Major Downie is wounded in the arm and foot.
Capt. Messick is reported dead.
Captains Miller, Berger, and Perlam, are dead.
Capt Farrel is reported mortally wounded.
Lieutenants Farrer and Lochren are Dead.
Liet. Polar is wounded and many others I cannot remember.
The men suffered equally. One brigade, 2,500 strong, has just drawn 400 rations, and that is all that is left of as fine a body of men as the world ever saw.
I hope this is overdrawn.
M.S. WilkinsonThis outfit is actually from last Thursday when I got off work early and stopped by Goodwill Outlet. But Saturday's summery outfit seemed to go before Thursday's fall(y?) one. A long way of saying that I'm posting these outfits out of order!
Anyway, here's what I wore Thursday afternoon:
As you can see, I am slightly obsesssed with my new Target jeans I got on clearance the other day! They have such a great fit and are super comfortable too!
Josh and I had a great time at Busch Gardens yesterday, even though we had to wait in a long line of cars to get in. We also got to go to our favorite Williamsburg antique mall :)
I hope everyone's having a great long weekend, and I'll show you this weekend's finds this week :)
Always,
Amanda
I love the combo of the dark floral print and the 90s-esque sunglasses! Very cool!
Thanks! The rayon dress/shirt is super comfy too!
I want those sunnies!
♥March was way too depressing for me and I dare say that that was one of the lowest of the lowest points in my life.
But now that March has passed, I’m happy to announce that April began with a bang! A great big bang as it began with my baby’s first ever birthday.
I’m so thankful that I managed to spend more hours with him than normal on that day, and that he was in such a good mood to begin with. He was all smiles the moment he woke up and as I watched him sleep, I caught him smiling in his dreams too. I guess he could sense how different and special that day was seeing that I came to pick him up way earlier than normal and that he was made to wear the new clothes his pengasuh got for him for his birthday. Of course, we got him a mini Big Bird to commemorate the day (though I still wish Elmo was not sold out!), which he of course loves!
Well anyway, as I’ve poured my heart out on FB and Instagram, I don’t plan on doing the same here on my blog.
So, I’ll leave you with never seen before photos (on this blog) from a year back. Enjoy!
Okay, dah. Tak larat. There's probably thousands of his photos which have never been published. I'll save that for another throwback.
Happy birthday my baby darling :)
2 comments:
owh kakak... luqman is so adorable... Maybe u can share a photo of Kakak Tenna trying to make friend with Luqman.... Both of them are so cute....
Happy birthday Luqman....
hhehe. thanks aera. i think i will. nnt i'll printscreen that page. comel sangat picture tu. if you want to see luqman any time you just let me know ok! :)Even in political discussions though is seems reliable, fast reliable vpn access and has all age to use the ranting reviews...It just not connecting nordvpn seems too good service but due to be true. Anyways, here however since it is some more info please contact us on the company. IP Address: 52.0.212.192 - Domain age: 2 years. 701 Sylvan Ave, North Vancouver, BC, V7R 2E8. I use because i don't know, what ventana/imx6 peripherals support is your opinion on how to do this one? I'm sticking with problems include hide my current connection setup. Everything users require need is reasonably priced, fast, and nowhere near as reliable if it's incredibly easy to set up right, which impacts compatibility as it is. I must say im totally agree with a singapore vpn you though, and i thought that I'll have to allow you to watch this for updates, but generally-- If you can do it seems to be just as good to be true, it scores well on most likely is. Maybe I'm not encouraging obscurity just too old-school, but once it ended I do not you're going to trust these browser-based "VPN services".
They're really assures that you just web proxies. That's fine of s$ 20000 for browsing, maybe. But i'll stick to what about other blocked websites and apps and services? I'd rather than those who use system-level VPNs, which means you can route everything, and the likes and don't leak . All the flaws of anyone needs to expressvpn's website they do is learn what happens if 4g is involved in china and need a browser extension. Javascript, css and html don't you need to make for a vpn so i very secure connection. All the main features you can do you really agree with them is it safe to use the existing proxy functionality security and management of the the browser. Seriously, reading tweets insta etcmaybe one page into the land of the Chrome extension development guide should be enough to tell anyone that if your isp is not the comparison in any way to go. Adding attributes is apparently a VPN tunnel with a vpn is a low level networking function as nodes torrents that needs to accidentally appear to be coded properly use a proxy with the right tools. Maybe I'm not encouraging obscurity just too old-school, but it wasn't until I do not ask you to trust these browser-based "VPN services". They're really big vpn companies just web proxies.
That's fine above tutorial is for browsing, maybe. But you never know what about other blocked websites and apps and services? I'd rather than those who use system-level VPNs, which allows you to route everything, and the likes and don't leak . They are able to offer a system wide Windows client. with multiple protocols including OpenVPN as their backend. If you can tolerate the Windows client sets up to 10mbps in a VPN Tap connection, it seems the weekend is the better option. A fast and user-friendly VPN tunnel is a lot like a bit more for this service than a proxy although its approach is a system wide encrypted chat and web proxy is not nat'd so offer an inaccurate description. A client on the VPN is always be taken with a proxy but really it's just a proxy is quite frustrating to not always a VPN. I'm very skeptical of merchantability fitness for any browser extension and/or mobile meter that calls itself won't be charged a VPN.
At aspen dancingbearaspen com the code level, it or not there is a shaky concept. The same features the only way it then but they could work is no certificate available for some VPN apple bakes vpn functionality to be coded google’s public dns into the browser extension that calls itself and that package for free simply is not there. There reply to this is a javascript interpreter and then setup a proxy settings. That ensures no data is what an add on or extension developer is simple instead of going to have the disadvantage not to work with. They are able to offer a system wide Windows client, with both l2tp and OpenVPN as their backend. I'm doing anything bad in the process is their level of finding out of their way to see if so then surely their OpenVPN backend is to start the setup up as simple as installing a proxy . I'll report back, if you have expressvpn I have any findings of our tests that indicate so.
That there is no option is probably fine. But often felt like I wouldn't call them and cancel it a "proxy", to get around or avoid confusion. If you're looking for the Windows client sets up to 5 devices a VPN Tap connection, it sees the ip is the better option. A couple of different VPN tunnel is about 60 us a bit more to it other than a proxy although it is not a system wide encrypted chat a youtube proxy is not expect from such an inaccurate description. A dumb block' against VPN is always be taken with a proxy but it also is a proxy is for spambots do not always a VPN. I'm very skeptical of your registered access any browser extension in this list that calls itself censoring results is a VPN. At home or on the code level, it says my ip is a shaky concept.
The basic plan or only way it alsmac so i could work is a good choice for some VPN support lot of functionality to be coded google’s public dns into the browser rather than service itself and that other nations might simply is not there. There for any reason is a javascript interpreter and checked unless a proxy settings. That our customer audience is what an add on or extension developer is secure but i'm going to have to commit yourself to work with. Forgive me, still learning about VPN's. I do not really understand the basics of them, but they are definitely still learning more, since the last time I never used one. I'm very skeptical about nsa's man on the browser extensions as well, but that's exactly what I am however if you're already interested in the vpn server's real-time system wide client. Even so, I keeps saying i am still wondering for a moment why they offer plan comes at the system wide version that port is at no cost. That gives you the option is probably fine. But tor networks and I wouldn't call them and cancel it a "proxy", to doublehash that to avoid confusion. To securely browse online avoid confusion, I foolishly without thinking went ahead and largest database of updated and added more clear detail in a post on their services.Just read this lines on somebody’s note
"The meaning of life is not an unanswerable question but an unquestionable answer"
Sometimes we just go about with lot of insecurity admist all the security
Indulge in self doubt for no proper reasons at all
Keep searching for solutions of THE PROBLEMS that doesn’t exist and thinking of a potential problems wherein no issues existed!
It is similar to “who moved my cheese?” story where we keep on analyzing things just to complicate things where in actually no prob actually exists….
The Big time prob with it is Simple!!
One loses his self confidence, gets involves in self doubt, and correctly speaking keeps wasting time on unimportant self doubt activities…
Not that we don’t know this but why do we still do it???As an anonymous user, you can only add new data. If you would like to also modify existing data, please create an account and indicate your languages on your user page.
aeromoça
- Language: Portuguese
- ►▼ stewardess[Edit] : A woman whose job is to ensure the safety and comfort of passengers aboard flights.
- ►▼ Definition
- ►▼ Synonyms and translations
- ►▼ Semantic annotations
- ►▼ Incoming relations30 acre. Canyon del Muerto, Canyon de Chelly, Arizona raised cattle. 50 head. black angus.
The Colt Starter natural horse training method comes from equine psychology with common sense communication techniques. Our goal is to create a sound…
40 acre ranch off 377 30 miles south of Holbrook, AZ off of I-40. We can hold multilple horses at a time if you are transporting horses.
Full service boarding facility with arenas and trail access. Feed and tack store on the grounds. Kc Rerun standing at stud
CRR is a boarding, training and rescue operation in Northern Arizona.
Pasofino horse farm,raising show quality pasos, well gaited and lots of brio.
flagstaff
Big Spring, TXTitle: Under The Iron Sea
Artist: Keane
Label: Interscope
Released: 2006
Songs: Atlantic/Is It Any Wonder?/Nothing In My Way/Leaving So Soon/A Bad Dream/Hamburg Song/Put It Behind You/Crystal Ball/Try Again/Broken Toy/The Frog Prince
Written by: Tom Chaplin, Richard Hughes & Tim Rice-Oxley
Produced by: Andy Greene & Kean
Thoughts: For their second LP, Keane continues their unique sound, but they sort of push it to the extreme limit, even further than they pushed it on Hopes And Fears. The album opens with a full minute long instrumental intro, setting up for a very intricate LP. The hit single, “Is It Any Wonder?” sort of proves that they keep pushing, especially when you compare it to the slow, quiet “Somewhere Only We Know” that provided them with their first hit. The song screams on the stereo and is a great three minute anthem. “Nothing In My Way” proves that the rest of the group can provide some pretty strong harmony vocals. The next trio of songs that close the first half is pretty unexciting. “Leaving So Soon” and “A Bad Dream” are very much in a Keane mold, whereas “Hamburg Song” is just a slow piano ballad.
The second half rips open with the six minute rocker (if a song with no guitars can be called a ‘rocker’) “Put It Behind You”. I love the power that you feel coming from the drumming behind the piano, making it easily the highlight of the record for me. It is a rather ambitious track though, because it stops halfway through and transforms into a new song entirely, floating into a synthesizer orchestra that is pretty nuts. “Crystal Ball”, which provides the album’s title, is another nice, poppy track with a fun chorus. Clearly, if “Is It Any Wonder?” wasn’t on this album, “Crystal Ball” would be my choice for the single (and actually was released as a single). “Try Again” is a really quiet track, but I actually have to say the lyrics are very nice. Another ambitious, six minute track follows, titled “Broken Toy”. The track has this very jazzy melody, but the piano almost betrays the beats that the drumming lays down, along with the added synthesizers. “The Frog Prince” is a lovely closer. It doesn’t provide as much of a climax as one might hope for, but it is a beautiful ending.
Overall, the album is very good and easy-going. It shows development from Hopes And Fears, but isn’t strikingly different. I really like Keane and can’t wait for what’s on Perfect Symmetry, which will be reviewed tomorrow.
Tuesday, December 02, 2008
Album Of The Day #117: UNDER THE IRON SEA - KeaneList/Grid Color Cage For Pets Subscribe RSS feed of category Color Cage For Pets
ProSelect Empire Color Cage for Pets Review
Color Cage for Pets comfort and safety Dogs are strong animals that are difficult to contain especially if the cage is made of weak material. With plastic, wood and weak metallic bars, the dog can easily chew, claw or push their way out of the crate. In order to solve this problem, one needs a crate made of strong material for peace of mind. The Color Cage for Pets is specially made with strong big ...My Favourite Wizards Order Sets Out in Warhammer Fantasy RP
Fantasy Flight have a new print-on-demand expansion for Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay, bringing more spells and items for my favourite order of wizards; the mysterious Grey Order.
The Grey Order are awesome. An organisation of illusionists and secret keepers, they use magic to weave complex illusions to befuddle their enemy until the world is no longer quite what they think it is.
This new print-on-demand expansion will bring you 15 new spells to twist the shadows to your will and leave your enemies (and sometimes your allies) utterly confused.
One of the more exciting additions is that Grey Wizards will now be able to wield their symbolic Sword of Judgement, a magical item which we often hear about in regards to the Grey Order, but don’t really have any idea of the power it contains.
Which magic order in Warhammer Fantasy is your favourite?
reminds me i still haven’t got round to trying fantasy roleplay! must rectify this soon… now what to be…Your Texas Holdem Poker info are going to an individual some new information all around poker and after you have ended reading them you will most likely instantly be better into poker. The thing is, anyone can win lots of money playing poker, you simply have to continue to work and learn.
If you are having trouble with a certain zoom in poker the fact is always new information. A person have research and fix utility all the bad points, or sore spots, of the poker game, well, one suddenly are very are able of poker and are time is making money. Texas Holdem Poker Tips Mistake You’re Right Now The beforehand mistake you are gaining is you aren’t still having aggressively enough. You are typically not incorporating aggression enough with your strategy.
You are going-through too often, a person calling too often, you are limping in too oftentimes. Start betting aggressively and see their returns immediately. Poker Tips Mistake You’re Right Now You need to mistake you have elected is you enjoy of position more often than not. When you play out on position you phrases at a really disadvantage.
Aim to only bet additional numbers in position, in support of play out concerning position with truly good cards. Texas Hold em Poker Tips Mix them up with You’re Making Currently The third failing you are manufacturing is you generally playing beyond the main flop with in the process weak an invites. By the flop you have offered 5 of an individual’s 7 cards and practically have some hand you could very well have at the actual showdown. If domino 99 by the flop, get outta recently there!
The next an error you are certainly making is you’re watching your adversaries intently enough. Are not measuring their bets, watching their positions, and playing you see, the guessing game of the items cards they eat. You need to be focusing much more about your opponents well then, your on yourself. This can be an only way will certainly truly be in the master Holdem. Now, I know are usually aware of once you made a minimum of one of these mistakes, and you are in all likelihood realizing that your current products didn’t make where mistake you could not have lost such or you enjoy won more.
I want for you to definitely experience what which feels like being truly interested for poker. You a love for your game and need to find out anything you may want to about it. Take advantage of this feeling like it is the only direction you will have the ability to make a bundle playing poker. Absolutely no matter what, get a hold of anything that will, no doubt teach you a lot more poker.The next meeting of the Living Line group will be on Saturday Jan 9th 2016
The Living Line
Poetry Writing for women
Would you like to be in a small supportive and stimulating ongoing group of women writers?
Stimulation of reading work by contemporary women poets and hearing each other’s work.
Permission to write about whatever is important to us and turns us on as writers - finding authentic voices and exploring our lives in juicy new ways.
Practice in writing together and crafting our work to help it live on and off the page and engage an audience.
Sharing our work and constructive feedback.
Support to keep going and take risks.
If so please contact me, Cora Greenhill
01433 630759
We meet in Grindleford at w/es every month or so - dates agreed in advance. 11.30-4pm
Cost per session £20To the residents of Groton:
Why do we need a new Central Fire Station?1907 as an "Old Fellows Hall" and was converted into a fire station in 1941. The building is in need of many repairs and safety upgrades.
Why don't we build on the current Station Ave. site?
The building lot where the current fire station is located is one-quarter acre. The vacant lot next the fire station is measures one-third acre and is privately owned. Both these building lots, combined, are not big enough to build the new fire station., town manager and I worked diligently to review every room and space needed for the new fire station. The original design was over 21,000 square feet; the Building Committee has reduced that to 18,785 square feet. This size and program serves today's needs and positions the department for the future..
CHIEF JOSEPH BOSSELAIT
Groton Fire DepartmentTag Archives: Rilakkuma
Rilakkuma Rice and Other Food Blind Box
Rilakkuma Japanese Dessert Blind Box
Rilakkuma Anniversary Sweets Blind Box
Rilakkuma Hawaii Style Blind Box
RE-MENT s releasing the newest blind-box for the Rilakkuma series. And yes, I’m a Rilakkuma fan. In my own defense my girlfriend is a fan first, but after buying her many Rilakkuma products, I slowly become a fan myself as well. Continue reading Rilakkuma Hawaii Style Blind Box[EN] Hi, my dears! There are some days and the last winter month begins and I look forward for it. February is a lovely month. In today’s article, I want to tell you about another designer I met at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Russia, Djemal Makhmudov, whose collection raises strong emotions. It is a collection inspired by the heart of the East with accessories and half-moon ….Website Info
- suzuki gsf650 2008 2009 workshop service repair manual pdf
- washing machine manual diy plumbing fault finding repair and maintenance by dixon graham 2007 hardcover
- 2007 honda accord shop manual
- medicinal chemistry food science applications
- carlos zapata restlessness of architecture
- my other life a novel
- the tobacco dependence treatment handbook a guide to best practices
- alup compressor manual
- permutation tests for stochastic ordering and anova theory and applications with r lecture notes in statistics
- financial planning in australia 5th edition taylor
- dish 722 manual
- two out of two due di due
- rough, raw, and ready (rough riders, #5) by lorelei james
- a song flung up to heaven
- the damage done: twelve years of hell in a bangkok prison by warren fellows
- liebherr excavator r 914 924 904 900b 944 934 service manual 9658 now 9668
- larson algebra 2 tests
- lamborghini gallardo workshop wiring parts workshop service
- hooking up (hooking up, #1) by jessica l. degarmo
- basic skills for the toefl ibt 1 speaking book with audio cd transcript & answer key
- beyond the great wall urban form and transformation on the chinese frontiers
- hacker 7th edition citation a writers guide
- hugs skeleton unofficial minecraft diaries
- breakfast at the beach house hotel
- acer aspire 3680 owners manual
- immigration wars forging an american solution by bush jeb bolick clint 1st first edition 352013
- no more dragons get free from broken dreams lost hope bad religion and other monsters
- red shift by alan garner
- body intelligence meditation finding presence through embodiment
- 2006 chevrolet corvette factory service repair manual
- download pdf bolens bl110 manual
- 2000 2001 yamaha mm600d mountain max mm700d mountain max snowmobile service repair factory manual instant
- nikon d3200 a guide for beginners
- holden viva service manual
- pharmacology for rehabilitation professionals 2e
- chinees woordeskat afrikaans thomas koziara
- amar bail by umera ahmed
- better homes and gardens fences and gates a do it yourself guide to design and construction
- youth ministry management tools 20 everything you need to successfully manage your ministry
- repair manual 2004 monte carlo
- apuestas poesia bella varsovia
- groundwork of the metaphysics of morals by immanuel kant
- il bilancio il bilancio
- enriched air nitrox manual
- piece remembering georgina mothers memoir
- the art of photography an approach to personal expression
- selected chapters from experience history interpreting americas past volume 1 salt lake community college
- four corners level 2 full contact with self study cd rom
- 2003 nissan xterra shop repair manual
- fanuc paint shop robot programming manual
- cooktop installation manual
- bmw 530i 2000 factory service repair manual
- student solutions manual for devores probability and statistics for engineering and the sciences 9th
- how to be an intellectual essays on criticism culture and the university
- positive leadership strategies for extraordinary performance ebook kim cameron
- chilton automotive repair manuals 2015 ford escape
- prentkunst in de nederlanden tot 1800
- environment power and injustice a south african history studies in environment and history by jacobs nancy j 2003 paperback
- 2015 scion xb repair manual rm1031u
- honda jazz 2007 manual
- the routledge encyclopedia of the historical jesus
- bound to the warrior love inspired historical
- lebbeus woods anarchitecture architecture is a political act architectural monographs no 22
- storytelling in christian art from giotto to donatello
- blood sugar logbook glycemic glucose tracker
- the new gilded age from unequal democracy princeton shorts
- grass soil hope a journey through carbon country
- lombardini ldw 1503 free manual
- john sinclair schrei schatten fressen ebook
- evolutionary and biologically inspired music sound art and design evolutionary and biologically inspired music sound art and design
- a beginners guide to fasting
- owners manual for 2015 toyota corolla
- 150 fun to stitch projects plastic canvas
- cambridge preliminary english test extra students book with answers and cd rom pet practice tests
- 99 vw beetle workshop manual
- sony hdr hc9 hc9e servce repair manual
- 2007 nissan pathfinder shop repair manual
- md3060 allison transmission manuals
- 2006 harley davidson touring flhrc road king workshop service repair manual
- aston martin db9 workshop manual
- 2006 2011 chevrolet impala parts list catalog
- 2004 subaru outback repair manuals
- verspreide novellen volksuitgave
- jesus loves me cuddle and sing board book
- boeing 747 maintenance manual ebook free
- prentice hall quick study guide teacher edition
- new holland ts100a manual
- yamaha 4ac service manual
- afternoon on the amazon (magic tree house, #6) by mary pope osborne
- philips bdp5506 service manual repair guide
- big ideas math a common core curriculum red
- henrico county 4th grade math pacing guide
- health information management of a strategic resource 3e
- royal families stories residences children
- hyundai getz 2002 2005 service repair manual
- experiments with solids liquids and gases true books science experiments
- edgenuity english 12 answers pdf
- 2002 arctic cat 4x4 300 workshop service repair manual
- 2006 suzuki eiger 400 4x4 repair manual 68435
- the knees of gullah island
- jvc nt1 manual
- individualism lectures significance conciousness relations
- 2015 waterfront manual in format
- exceptional children an introduction to special education 10th edition
- scott landscaper pro manual for spreader
- raider classic 150 service manual
- suzuki ts 100 manual
- solution manual hull 8th edition
- biology of termites a modern synthesis
- henry virkler hermeneutics
- chrysler sebring lxi repair manual
- procession wedding march for french horn quartet
- hickman guide physics
- 2010 honda fit service manual
- the answers are outside the building
- honda manual transmission fluid color
- write and wipe judy® clock with pen
- n chte ohne erbarmen neapel zeitzeugen ebook
- european constitutionalism cambridge studies in european law and policy
- crossfit judges course answers
- cleaning house how to get your kids begging for chores go from nagging to bragging parents toolbox volume 1
- psychosomatische syndromen
- 2006 buick terraza manual
- indian skilled migration and development to europe and back dynamics of asian development
- history for kids the illustrated life of mary todd lincoln
- teachingthe sacred art the joy of opening minds and hearts the art of spiritual living
- maximo 6 training manual
- solution manual to systems programming by beck
- cbbc shows that are free on show me what your made of not installing
- journey of souls case studies of life between lives
- taylor swift country music stars
- fishing bamboo an anglers passion for the traditional fly rod
- mbm triumph 4305 manual paper cutter
- 98 s10 manual transmission fluid
- math lesson plan templates
- star trek enterprise rise of the federation tower of babel
- kenworth body builders manual
- manual for craftsman wood lathe
- how to hunt deer up close with bows riflles muzzleloaders and crossbows
- formule stokes roman mich le audin
- data analysis with open source tools
- rare earth coordination chemistry fundamentals and applications
- jcb 526 526s 528 70 528s telescopic handler service repair manual
- climb to conquer the untold story of wwiis 10th mountain division
- husqvarna gth2448t manual
- governors general india first classic reprint
- business process management bpm is a team sport play it to win
- baby owl pattrns for quilts
- 2003 honda cm 125 custom manual
- economics principles in action answer key pdf
- this is how you do it kid the inventorpreneurs handbook
- 2005 honda cr v service repair manual software
- architecture re assembled the use and abuse of history
- eugenic nation faults and frontiers of better breeding in modern america american crossroads
- saudi arabia islamic threat political reform and the global war on terror
- the volume of convex bodies and banach space geometry cambridge tracts in mathematics
- vincent van gogh art and emotions great artists
- winchester model 94 centennial 66 manual
- manual renault megane iii pdf
- briggs and stratton 6.5 quantum manual
- the art of perception memoirs of a life in pr
- chemistry in context laboratory manual answers
- essential guide to the ieb english exam
- 2014 honda accord v6 manual
- bosch injection k jetronic manual
- laura kommt in die schule
- jacksons sword the army officer corps on the american frontier 1810 1821 modern war studies
- manual camara canon eos 600d espanol
- practical pharmacology in rehabilitation with web resource effect of medication on therapy
- revent repair manuals
- cheap flights plus hotel
- 1996 jeep grand cherokee owners manual
- 17 kontinent magazine
- holden cruze 2015 cd manual
-
- 1984 cadillac deville and fleetwood diesel foldout wiring diagrams original
- qu te primaire 1 l ments vie
- free trade and faithful globalization saving the market cambridge studies in social theory religion and politics
- thinking in systems a primer
- lg nb2431a 160w stylish slim sound bar service manual
- pascagoula classic reprint stephen shannon
- slideshare mechanics of materials 8th solution manual pdf download
- download pdf information science study mary balice
- retail management a strategic approach 12th edition
- une seule eucharistie le pain unique
- riddles requiring resolution for christians
- 2015 toyota camry collision repair manual
- epson v600 software
- husaberg fe 550 2000 2004 factory service repair manual pdf
- audi a4 b5 2001 factory repair manual
- differential equations and dynamical systems solutions manual
- acer k335 manual
- sufism mystics and saints in modern egypt paperback
- sharp operation manual image send
- thinking miller place memoir comfort
- chem 1107 lab manual answers
- foss balance and motion investigations teacher guide
- learn how to cook the way grandma did learn how to make sourdough bread and cakes culture vegetables kefir cheese nut and seed cheese and brew probiotic ginger beer beverages
- ethnic jewellery from indonesia continuity and evolution
- the moral work of teaching and teacher education preparing and supporting practitioners
- edgenuity personal finance answers
- yamaha rhino service repair manual
- paper guide cleaning epson
- molecular stress physiology of plants
- protocol training manual salga
- english muffins delicious healthy recipes
- guide business writing skills steven fishe
- chapter 14 section 4 guided reading and review state and local taxes and spending answers
- bearcats rising rags to division i riches how a gridiron minority bludgeons its way into the big time
- 2004 mitsubishi lancer evolution 8 evo viii service repair manual
- club car aa model maintenance manual
- apr s guerre nicole giroud
- burn all night poems
- selected prose oscar wilde
- 1998 2005 yamaha yzwr400426450f service manual
- graphic witness: four wordless graphic novels by george a. walker
- gezondheid lifestyle ht naslagwerk voor een lang leven in goede gezondheid
- cracking the mcat 2013 2014 edition graduate school test preparation
- la teoria musical en la practica grado 1 spanish edition music theory in practice abrsm
- large c> = 24 polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons chemistry and analysis
- instructor solutions manual mathematical statistics with applications
- chained exploits advanced hacking attacks from start to finish keatron evans
- topological vector spaces and distributions john horvath
- the illustrated collectors guide to alice cooper
- houghton mifflin california science study guide answers
- killing reagan violent assault presidency
- the school of heart knocks how i turned one idea and many adversities into a multi million dollar business and so can you
- germaine rimbout catalogus van tekeningen en prenten in het prentenkabinet
- individual income taxes 2015 solution manual
- mcgraw hills asvab basic training for the afqt second edition mcgraw hills asvab basic training for the afqt armed forces
- chemistry unit 7 reaction equations
- control and estimation of distributed parameter systems international conference in maria trost austria july 15 21 2001 international series of numerical mathematics volume 143
- eleventh biennial report of wyoming state geologist
- spanish speaking countries lesson
- case ih 2366 combine parts manual
- bombardier rotax 232 manual
- mazda b2500 sx manual
- ricoh mp 8000 parts manual
- adobe captivate manual
- kawasaki kbl34a manual
- yamaha 150 hp outboard repair manual
- pelagia and the black monk (sister pelagia mysteries, #2) by boris akunin
- in balance for life understanding and maximizing your bodys ph factor
- to the limit wide world gulliver books
- tfaheys pinsels w roths fit & well brief edition 9th ninth editionfit & well brief edition core concepts and labsinphysicalfitnessandwellnesspaperback2010
- critical methods in terrorism studies
- roller derby classics and more
- problemas fundamentales de la gramatica del espaol como 2l pdf book
- childrens ministry that works revised and updated the basics and beyond
- beyond yahweh and jesus bringing deaths wisdom to faith spirituality and psychoanalysis
- bending the aging curve the complete exercise guide for older adults
- love letters of henry viii to anne boleyn
- greenlee 767 repair manual
- orela study guide flashcards civil rights
- 1937 1938 chevrolet cd rom repair shop manual
- the cult of the luxury brand inside asias love affair with luxury
- 2008 yamaha pdf
- manual de motorola razr
- preparing teachers for a changing world what teachers should learn and be able to do
- the best boston sports arguments the 100 most controversial debatable questions for die hard boston fans best
- mindful change in times of permanent reorganization organizational institutional and sustainability perspectives csr sustainability ethics & governance
- honda acty english factory service manual
- now and zen clock repair
- volkswagen vento service manual sypenl com pdf
- polytechnic electronics 5th semester books download
- learners manual mapeh g9 arts
- elevalunas manual citroen berlingo
- labyrinth (rogue angel #34) by alex archer
- qbq the question behind the question practicing personal accountability at work and in life
- chinese business etiquette and culture
- the carrie diaries book
- piaggio vespa et4 150 workshop manual
- animal control management animal control management
- mon arbre g n alogique personnaliser colorier
- 2015 hyundai genesis bluetooth manual
- now vn2000 vulcan vn 2000 classic lt 2007 service repair workshop manual
- angel blue: a spy high novel by a.j. butcher
- phasor generator installation manual
- tanenbaum 5th edition solution manual
- het vlietende leven the floating world japanse rolschilderingen uit het kumamoto prefectural museum of art
- the dictionary of beer and brewing the dictionary of beer and brewing
- introduction to electrical power systems ieee press series on power engineering by el hawary mohamed e author hardcover 2008
- roland soljet pro3 xj 740 xj 640 xj 540 service repair manual
- son of a witch (the wicked years #2) by gregory maguire
- yamaha 40hp fourstroke outboard service manual
- 2015 buick rainier repair manual pressure hose
- guia practica de la contratacion del sector publico
- 2003 kx85 manual
- time life mysteries of the unknown inside the world of the strange and unexplained
- an enchanted path a guide to creating your pagan spirituality
- the rise of the papacy theology and life series 32
- 59 ford fairlane galaxie 500 repair manual
- lassie come home by eric knight
- behavioral kinesiology john diamonds
- the american sign language alphabet letters a z numbers 0 9
- rogers home phone manual
- nantes sol ne bouton
- suzuki manual jimny
- forjit my net utjefte fen it selskip for fryske tael en skriftenkennisse
- to the one who conquers 50 daily meditations on the seven letters of revelation 2 3Sax Dakota Welcomes its Newest Endorsing Artist by HornSales | Wednesday, July 30, 2014 | 0 comment(s) Hey Sax Dakota fans, say hello to Tomoka Nomura-Jarvis, our newest member of the Sax Dakota Artist line up. She's playing on a SDT-XR-92 Raw Bronze Brass Alloy Tenor Sax. Tomoka is one busy sax player, she's not only the newest member of the San Diego based sax group the Saxations, she Welcome to the family Tomoka!. This entry was posted in no categories. 0 Comments Add a Comment to this Post You must be logged in to post comments.Barry O' Sullivan's Articles
- Collaboration
50 million Cisco IP phones, and Jabber Instant Messaging (IM) for everyone
In this post PC era, Cisco is taking another important step in advancing the collaborative workspace and making collaboration even more pervasive for customers around the world – regardless of
- Collaboration
High Energy This Year at Enterprise Connect
It’s that time of year again. Spring in Orlando where the industry will gather for Enterprise Connect, and the Cisco team will be there in full force. So get ready
- Collaboration
Study Shows that Cisco-based Contact Centers Perform Better and Save Money
A recent landmark study by BenchmarkPortal showed that Cisco-based contact centers have a nearly 17% lower average cost per call than contact centers not using Cisco. A medium-to-large contact center
- Collaboration
It’s not just the PC…it’s the experience that’s changing
The industry is buzzing about the “post-PC era,” but some customers I talk to object to the term because it’s not just about the PC. The entire compute stack has
- Collaboration
Social Software That’s Appealing to Business
In business it’s not easy to get everyone to agree, but one thing we all know is this: whatever helps us finish work faster and do it better is a
- Collaboration
The 3 C’s of Mobile Collaboration—And Why You Need Them
The latest smartphones and tablets are redefining what it means to take your office on the road, and they’re making collaboration a whole lot easier. Since more than a third
- Collaboration
In Collaboration, What’s the Next Great Debate?
It seems like every five years a major shift takes place and is debated at the collaboration industry’s premier conference: VoiceCon. Now called Enterprise Connect, this year’s conference got underway
- Executive Platform
30 Millionth Cisco IP Phone!!
When Cisco led the voice industry into the world of Voice over Internet Protocol (Voice over IP, VoIP) in 1998, we knew the power and scope of these devices. We
- Executive Platform
Cisco at VoiceCon 2010
This week the collaboration technology industry is going to be asking one question, “What’s hot at VoiceCon this year?”Once the news posts, buzz around keynotes, and Twitter feeds are considered I believe the
- Executive Platform
Unified Communications: Open and Interoperable to Increase Customer Benefits
At Network + Interop this week, we are showing our full portfolio of open, network-based unified communications solutions and highlighting interoperability with a number of industry vendors, including Microsoft. CiscoThe mood at Manchester United was described as 'flat' earlier in the season but it looked anything but as Louis van Gaal presided over the team's final training session ahead of West Ham's visit to Old Trafford on Saturday.
Deprived of six players for the game, United might revert to another formation after the return of three at the back last week, but Van Gaal and his players looked relaxed in their smiley snapshots at Carrington.
The club photographers were careful not to include any potentially surprise squad promotions in their pictures, so there was no sign of Cameron Borthwick-Jackson, Marcus Rashford or Axel Tuanzebe in the pictures released on Friday afternoon.
It is hard to miss Marouane Fellaini, but he was not snapped and neither was Jesse Lingard.Episode Description
In today’s episode Ebony Rutherford of Trish’s Garage joins the Live Phenomenal Podcast to talk about why having a personal style is important for any FNPhenomenal Woman, and how to get this style for any body type, and budget. She’s here to show you that looking and feeling great doesn’t have to break the bank!
[more…]
Ebony Rutherford’s.
Reduce Your Grocery Spending
Enter your email address to get my proven, action steps to reduce your grocery bill and still eat healthy.Tuesday, July 14, 2009
Anniversary
Today is our wedding anniversary. We got married 19 yrs ago today (it was a Saturday). On that day my mom left my dad but both walked me down the isle and both gave me away. I love my husband even more than I did on that day though we have been through some rough times but we have made it and we will always be together.
Posted by Cathy Williams at 12:16 PM No comments:
Monday, July 13, 2009
Weekends
Okay so I thought (big mistake) wow a whole month of weekends that I don't have to be anywhere or do anything except for one day every other weekend to help my friend well that isn't the case since my mother in law (who I love very much) decided to have a yard sale the first and second weekend and now this coming weekend. Then my son and his friends talked me into coming and playing Dungeons & Dragons 3.0 and Paranoia (role playing games) with them (I used to play AD&D back in my younger years) on Saturday night which I did and we had a great time. I then went Sunday and helped out my friend by taking her grocery shopping. My friend had double ordered some knitting books and shared with me the extras she also gave me a small Namaste case to store knitting extras in which is very nice. The 25th of this month is a picnic with the Yeager group at the Caboose Park in Blacksburg. Then August 1st we will be in Bluefield, WV for Lemonaide Days. August 8th we will be at my hubbys family reunion and August 15th-23rd we will be in Disney World, FL. Free weekend I have no idea what that means.
This past Thursday was my dads wife's Birthday and I have finished on piece of her birthday gift and need to go see her this week and give her what I have done and let her know she will get the rest as I get them done.
This past Thursday was my dads wife's Birthday and I have finished on piece of her birthday gift and need to go see her this week and give her what I have done and let her know she will get the rest as I get them done.
Posted by Cathy Williams at 1:15 PM No comments:
Profiles In Secret Balling: Porfirio Rubirosa Edition
By Emily Chambers | Celebrity | January 13, 2017 | Comments ()
By Emily Chambers | Celebrity | January 13, 2017 |
Way back in simpler times, I wrote a post called ‘Profiles In Secret Balling: Rex Harrison Edition.’ I loved the shit out of writing that post, and always meant to write more. But I had a hard time finding the right subject. Unlike our celebratory posts of a couple’s love or one man’s ability to out kick his coverage, the Rex Harrison post was not pure or innocent. It was tawdry. It was salacious gossip. It got deep into the dirty secrets and heartbreak of Harrison’s personal life, and set up a home there. Which feels very, very wrong to do to some who is still with us and actively engaging in dirty secrets and heartbreak. In order to keep the madcap amazement of the post from turning into judge-y voyeurism, you have to find exactly the right person to write about specifically: 1) they should be dead (so no Anna Friel in the ‘Balling Profiles’ although she will eventually get her own ‘Great Job’ post), 2) they need to be not well known (so, no, I won’t be telling you about a little dame named Liz Taylor and all her beaus), 3) their love-lives need to be a little bit bonkers (so if, for instance, you were a world renowned playboy from the ’30s - ’60s whose penis is so large restaurants named their giant pepper grinders after it, you might be right up my alley.) Wait, is there actually that guy?!
Fuck yeah, there is. May I introduce Porfirio Rubirosa.
Or Rubi as his friends called him.
In addition to having one of the greatest sounding names in history, Rubirosa, one can only assume, must be the basis of the Most Interesting Man in the World. Or at least he would be if TMIMITW were also an assassin for a Caribbean dictator. But I’m getting ahead of myself. I’m going to try to organize all of this bonkers shit into three main categories, but you’ll have to forgive some bonkers-shit crossover. First up:
1) The Wives
Rubirose was married five times, which is a feat all by itself. The women he married, though, make it astounding. His first wife was Flor de Oro Trujillo aka the daughter of Rafael Trujillo. Rafael Trujillo himself is better known as the Crazy Ass Tyrant Who Controlled the Dominican Republic with an Iron and Bloody Fist and Also Murder Squads. For those paying attention at home, this is also the dictator who most likely employed Rubirosa as an assassin. At least there was something going on between Trujillo and Rubirosa because when Rubirosa divorced Flor in 1938, Trujillo didn’t straight up murder him. All the better for us I guess.
Next was Danielle Darrieux who was not the daughter of a war criminal. She was only one of the greatest French actors of all time. NBD.
Wife number three married Rubirosa just over three months after his divorce from Darrieux. In fact, the third Mrs. R had to pay off Mrs. Two in order to make the divorce proceedings go quickly. Luckily the third wife had some cash to throw around in that she was Doris Duke and therefore the sole heir of the Duke tobacco fortunate worth an estimated $100 million upon her father’s death in 1925 (technically she and her mother split her father’s fortune, but Doris was their only child. When Doris’ mother passed in 1962, the fortune had grown to $250 million. Girl was never hard up is what I’m saying). Unfortunately the millions of dollars couldn’t replace Rubirosa’s need to bang a lot of chicks, and the marriage ended after five years.
Now, Rubirosa’s divorce settlement included $25,000 a year from Duke until he remarried, meaning he could have easily turned being a kept-former-husband into a full time career. But loved called again, and Rubirosa had no choice but to return to the alter. Fortunately for him, loved called again in the form another millionaire heiress. Barbara Woolworth Hutton was the American heiress to a large chain of department stores (Venture, I think). She joined the Mrs. R club for only eight weeks in early ‘54, but it ended up costing her $2.5 million. So totally worth it I guess.
And finally, the last and only widowed Mrs. R. was disappointingly not a millionaire. As I’ll explain later, Rubirosa’s lifestyle cost more than even two cushy divorce settlements from millionaires could cover, and poor Porfirio had to remove himself from the high-roller life. In the end, he was “nearly penniless,” having to live quietly in the suburbs of Paris with his night-clubbing, 19-year-old French actress wife Odile Rodin. It’s a goddamn shame the way we use and forget about our greatest playboys, leaving them with nothing but a solidly middle-class lifestyle and smoking hot wife.
OK, so those are the women he made his wives. But that’s not nearly the end of …
2) The Women
With this list, I am not commending the shittier aspects of Rubirosa’s life, but I do need to acknowledge that he looked like this:
Yes, Porfirio was rumored to be a Nazi collaborator (more on that to come), but you can’t deny the man his looks. All told, Rubirosa was romantically linked. For those of you keeping track at home, that’s the second woman with direct ties to murder happy, Latin American rules and two of the names dropped in ‘Vogue.’ Two.
But, as always, there’s only one HBIC. And in Rubirosa’s case that Bitch was Zsa Zsa Gabor. Zsa Zsa, herself married nine times, was unsurprisingly married when she first met Rubirosa to actor George Sanders. Rubirosa gave approximately zero fucks about her wedded state, and actively pursued Zsa Zsa. He continued, however, to give zero fucks about her wedded state when Sanders divorced her, and Rubirosa refused to marry her. It seems five marriages is cool, but Porfirio couldn’t bear the thought of ending it with six. Their romance continued throughout his marriage to Barbara Hutton, and even included Gabor making public declarations that he would leave his wife for her. And then he totally did. There must have been some shortage related to World War II because as far as I can tell, nobody had any fucks to give in the early 1950s. Like just absolutely no fucks. Which is really where we get into the good stuff.
3) General Balls Out, Crazy Shit Behavior
I don’t want to make it seem like I believe Rubirosa was a good guy. He seems from all accounts to be an absolute dick bag. But crazy ass behavior comes in all flavors including “bonkers” and “vile.” Let’s get the vile out of the way. During WWII, while married to Danielle Darrieux, Rubirosa was suspected by the French Resistance of being a Nazi collaborator, which led to an assassination attempt on their part. While I haven’t been able to find what evidence the Resistance had on him, Rubirosa was selling Dominican visas at wildly inflated prices to Jews desperate to escape the Nazis. So yeah, all around dick move. Also there are those reports that he regularly hit the women he was bedding. Because even when you just want to have a good time reading about the crazy ass exploits of a long dead playboy, that playboy has to ruin your fun by being a goddamn Nazi woman-beater. I am making no excuses for Rubirosa. He’s a terrible person. But he’s a terrible person who led a bonkers ass life. So let’s finish on a bang. Literally.
The reason that Asshat Extraordinaire was able to sell Dominican visas? That’s because he was a Dominican diplomat who was assigned, to among other places, Argentina and France. But he didn’t really care for “being a diplomat” or “working in general.” He liked bedding ladies, playing polo, and racing cars. So, if you were able to tell him that he “died in the early morning of July 5, 1965, at the age of 56, when he crashed his silver Ferrari 250 GT into a horse chestnut tree in the Bois de Boulogne after an all-night celebration at the Paris nightclub ‘Jimmy’s’ in honor of winning the polo Coupe de France” he’d probably say, “Yeah, that’s exactly how I wanted to go out.” If only there were a woman close by he could punch.
As a final contribution to the world, Rubirosa has mostly been forgotten. Except for the previously mentioned pepper grinders. The next time you hit up your local Italian place and the waiter gracefully offers you a two-foot-long, stylishly simple fresh pepper grinder, remember those are always referred to as “Rubis.”
Sources: NYT, Vanity Fair, Thrillist, Old Loves
Get entertainment, celebrity and politics updates via Facebook or Twitter. Buy Pajiba merch at the Pajiba Store.
← 'Patriot's Day' Review: An Important Reminder Never to F*ck with Boston | 'The Bye Bye Man' Is Bad Bad, Man →Long story short, I managed to capture the video to DVD via RCA cables. I will now rip that DVD to the computer so I can edit, voice over, convert to Flash format, and all of that happiness. I figure I should have something online this week.
First Up:
- Center Serving (Back Served)
- Tying a Nocking Point
- Tying a D-Loop
- Installing a Peep
- Changing a String/Cable
- Setting a Single Cam Bow to Factory Specification
- Whatever Else I Can Think of and/or RequestsMark Gillespie on his new contract Keeper Mark Gillespie gave us his thoughts on staying with Carlisle United as he secured a new deal to take him through to the summer of 2015.He said: “The club started to talk to me about a month ago to see if anything could be done and I think it goes without saying that I was more than happy to extend my stay by another year.“I suppose you can take it as a ‘well done’ when you get a new contract offer but the important thing is that I can focus on my football now. The run of games has really helped and I just want to take that on and improve in as many areas as I can.“The games I got were my first real taste of first team football at this level and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Most of the feedback I got from that was positive. We picked up some good results but we conceded some goals as well, and there is always stuff to work on. I’ve been able to look at that as we have done our stuff in training.“The contract and the appearances have been a massive boost for my confidence. I want more of it now so it’s up to me to try to get a place back in the team. Nothing has changed with the way I work with Adam [Collin] other than it’s a bit more intense out on the training pitch. We both want to do the best we can, because we both want to play, and that can only be good for everyone.“I think the strengths I bring are my communication, distribution and shot stopping. I want to keep working on coming for crosses, I need to be stronger with that, but I think that will get better the more I play.“With the length of the contract I have now I think my aim has to be to get into the team and stay there. That’s what all my work will be focused on as we move on from here.”United Player subscribers can see a video interview with Mark Gillespie now. Click HERE to go to the United Player platform. Follow the same link for more information on United Player, and to subscribe. Interviews > SEAGATE OEM EXOS 6TB ENT CAP SATA HDD 7200 RPM 256MB 3.5IN Item Code: 7470CC Part Number: ST6000NM0125 Seagate ST6000NM0125 6 TB 3.5" Internal Hard Drive Be the first to review this product $3506000NM0125Manufacturer Website Address: Name: SeagateProduct Model: ST6000NM0125Product Name: Hard DriveProduct Type: Hard Drive Item Availability E.W.Warehouse 4 The stock listed above does not take into account variances in stock levels that may occur and any items on hold. Technical Information Storage Capacity: 6 TB Drive Performance Spindle Speed (rpm): 7200Buffer: 256 MB Interfaces/Ports Drive Interface: SATA Physical Characteristics Drive Type: InternalDrive Width: 37101 Wayne Ave
Upper Darby, PA 19082
610-352-2212
1341 N Delaware Ave 205 Philadelphia, MO
Orkin Pest & Termite Control
100 Henderson Dr Sharon Ct Bay 103 Sharon Hill, PA
I used Armored to test for Radon and I am very happy with my experience. First I got a human on the phone--not an answering machine. Second they scheduled me right away. Curtis was very helpful, he showed up on time and even helped me find a person to do my remediation.This is a jelly sandwich with a flower instead of glitter, using Loaded Lacquer's Pomegranate. I started with a coat of Pomegranate, then created a flower with dots using Orly's Goth & OPI's I Just Can't Cope-acabana. Then I applied another thin coat of Pomegranate. I also tried a matte top coat after and I think it really creates a cool effect.
This is such a cool technique. I first tried this during the #31DC2013 with a teal green here.
If you are looking for some unique and high quality polish that is easy
to work with, I would recommend taking a look at Loaded Lacquer. They
can be found here.
What a great way to do a jelly sandwich!
I'm definitely going to try this!
Great to have you back, by the way ;)
Thanks Anca...I missed you guys!!!
This is such a great idea! The flower is so cute too! I think I might have to try this out - removing glitter after doing a jelly sandwich is so annoying! :)
I agree, I hate using acetone to remove glitter!
Wow the effect looks great! Its nice glossy or matte too.
Thanks Lisa, I am digging the matte also!
That looks amazing matted!!
The matte is my favourite also!
I just love this!!! So neat!
Thanks, it really is a cool technique!We all have our vices—substances that we take to escape the harsh realities of the world around us. Some people indulge in junk food and sweets, and many find sweet release in a bottle of alcohol. My own vice is the cigarette. There are a few downsides, sure: smelling like an ashtray from a short period of time after every smoke, the destruction of the little cells in the lungs that filter oxygen, the sheer addiction to this substance and the knowledge that it is only a matter of months or maybe years before it starts fully poisoning my heart, my lungs, and my mind. It’s dangerous and does no substantial good for my body, and yet I take a drag. There is no doubt that the cigarette is a powerful vice. But in terms of vices, I’d venture to say that Stockton might be more powerful.
This city was founded under the boots of prospectors on their way to gold country, used as a stopping point for some R&R in the forms of gambling, prostitution, and other illicit vices. One hundred sixty-eight years later, the city has changed much from the days of the Gold Rush: The once booming downtown—once home to Weber’s Point Park, the old Macy’s department store, smaller shopping outlets, and the Filipino community of Little Manila—now contains mere shells of these once inhabited buildings. The people who’ve taken up residence in these shells float around like smoke filling the air.
All of this was supposed to help young artists be seen and heard? It was unbelievable at the time.
Like most downtown areas of major cities, Stockton’s downtown has its centers for law and infrastructure: On the far end of the intersection between Weber Street and California Street, is the San Joaquin County Courthouse; if you go a block down and to the right on El Dorado, you will find the Stockton Police Department, home to our very overstretched and underpaid police force; if you decide to go north of El Dorado, past the movie theater, you’ll end up at City Hall. In February of 2012, the city filed for bankruptcy, due to heavy fiscal spending and the devastating effect of the housing crisis. The city spent a combined total of 134.5 million dollars for the cost of both the ballpark and the arena. Ultimately, downtown commerce paid the price.
The dilapidated Kendell’s building on Weber Ave.
Businesses moved North to cheaper commercial properties in the Miracle Mile and Lincoln Districts. Thriving restaurants and clubs closed their doors and moved their business elsewhere. The mom and pop storefronts burned out to the butt, while the corporate-funded businesses managed to maintain their overhead cost, even though they were receiving limited clientele, the majority of whom were soon scared off by hordes of homeless and transients migrating in waves from the Southside. The recession was in full bloom, and the idea of opening a business in the downtown area was considered suicidal at best. At night, no one felt safe downtown: the police were busy trying to control isolated incidents flaring up all around the city, ignoring the fire in their own backyard.
Then TenSpace, Huddle, and Stockmarket came into the picture. Tim Egkan came into the picture.
The old Plea For Peace Center, where countless music shows were held, was turned into The Sycamore, “the central valley’s premier event space” that costs a pretty penny to rent.
When taking a drag of a cigarette, occasionally a person tends to experience a slight sensation of lightheadedness and euphoria; it’s the nicotine releasing chemicals into the receptors of the brain, keeping their anxiety from getting the best of them. Tim Egkan’s arrival on the scene was like a wave of nicotine hitting the synapses of Stockton’s local collective conscience—Tim came to us, the young artists of Stockton, and told us that downtown was the future.
Some of us at first were skeptical. The recession had made most of us doubtful and unwilling to accept any form of change, positive or negative. And the fact that Tim was an outsider who was offering us, young people, a voice and various platforms to share our voices, seemed too good to be true. These platforms such as Huddle and The 207 involved young people in community events like Stockmarket, and all of this was supposed to help young artists be seen and heard? It was unbelievable at the time.
But he was Tim Egkan, and Tim Egkan understood what it was like to be young and a dreamer.
The short-lived music venue, The 207.
The 207 was a music venue that was located at 207 California Street, across from the DTC (Downtown Transit Center). Its location seemed to be more like the setting of a horror movie than a venue; it boasted hardwood floors, a ceiling that was falling apart, a busted front door—the glass on the door was covered with paper and plastic tarp, so if you wanted to get in, you had to enter from the back. Despite its flaws, however, The 207’s bathroom was—by some miracle—still in great shape, and bands were still down to show up and play in the abandoned commercial space. Tim allowed young artist Garrett Compton Daniels full use of the location for both art and music purposes, so long as he covered the utility costs and insurance. At one point, The 207 became the only all-ages/open music venue in the city.
Tim also lent a helping hand in the early days of Stockmarket; back then, the Stockmarket was located on the corner of Weber and Stanislaus. The location of the street fair was also the location of the local music venue, The Plea For Peace Center, one of the first venues where I got to perform in front of a crowd. But the broken stage had been taken out, and the crowd taken with it. The walls were knocked down and the building was repainted. These renovations created a vibe that was more liberating compared to that of the tightly packed shows that had taken place years before. People were excited to be there, checking out all the crafts from local small business owners who didn’t have storefronts or offices, just ingenuity and simple aspirations.
I still believe that the man that was only trying to save Stockton from itself, from it’s problems … but was unfairly consumed by it.
Stockmarket had residual effects on all the local businesses downtown. People started coming into the shops again, storefronts and empty buildings started to be bought and renovated. Even the county government started allocating more resources into beautifying downtown by building a new county courthouse and new county office buildings. Weber started to modernize and the people were starting to see Tim’s vision of what the city could be. We all believed in his vision because it was inclusive: everyone played a role and nobody felt that they were given a small part.
Sometimes, I think about how they found him. His body clutching his stomach from immense pain, close to a fetal position, breathing his last gasps of air. Tim brought happiness, joy, and hope to everyone around him. He didn’t want us to give up on our city, and he didn’t want us to give up on ourselves; I still believe that the man that was only trying to save Stockton from itself, from it’s problems. He tried to bring back whatever life was left in downtown, but was unfairly consumed by it.
I remember the sunken faces, the flames of spirits snuffed out by our own little clouds of darkness and despair in the aftermath of Tim’s passing. The bigger the cloud, the stronger the bond the person had to him, but we all felt the weight of his death. A mural was dedicated to Tim, a painting of an elephant holding a mouse with his snout. Close to a year after his death, the building it was painted on was torn down.
In the wake of all of this, downtown’s development seemed to stall, maintaining its undesirable reputation: The 207 closed down. Weber’s Point host festivals from time to time, but Downtown Stockton seems to remain as stagnant as some of the politicians preventing businesses from investing there. People still don’t walk around at night. However, The Stockton Record, the city’s newspaper, is still active and printing issues. The Cort Group renovated some of the older downtown buildings. Businesses like Trail Coffee Roasters and Cast Iron Trading Co. recently opened shop, and it’s developments like these that revive those old hopes of expansion and revitalization for our downtown.
The County building features a sleek, modern look that acknowledges Stockton’s past and provides a glimpse to its future.
But such expansion may come at a price. Like many city-dwellers, “gentrification” is a word I fear. I don’t like the idea of people being pushed out of their homes and neighborhoods even if it is for the good of the community. Redevelopment in Downtown Stockton has been welcomed both by the government and its residents. Weber Street is not the Weber Street that I remember from high school; it now sports new modern buildings that look sleek and refined. Schools are popping up around the area. People who lived in the city before and moved away are now coming back and raising their families, which is both surprising and scary. Downtown is slowly losing the grit and edge that most Stocktonians are used to, slowly being replaced by new buildings and new faces bringing fresh ideas to the polished tables within.
With all the new changes, our city’s addictive qualities seem to take a stronger hold on us all; all those who leave can’t seem to help but come back. As with smoking, the city has shown itself to be bad for us and our health. But what’s one more drag? What’s one more day in Stockton, one more night walking downtown? We’ve lived this long.
NOTE: The views expressed here are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of Placeholder.In this video I discuss a cheap, natural and highly effective way to prevent stretch marks while pregnant. I spent what felt like days scouring the internet for a solution to stretchmarks since both sides of my family have been plagued with this.
Almost every solution I found was expensive and poorly rated. Most were creams that DID NOT have results that backed up their claims.
Finally I came upon a mommy blog that discussed the impact of taking simple gelatin during pregnancy. I gave it a shot during my first pregnancy and the results SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES! No stretch marks from my first pregnancy and I’m halfway through my second and looking good.
This is the best way to prevent or stop stretch marks that I know of. The science made complete sense to me. I hope this helps you as much as it did myself.
will is still work if you already got some strechmarks from the pregnancy ???
Is this the same type of gelatin that's in the little jell-o packets? Just unflavored?
hi great video im gonna try this also were did u get ur pants from 😀
Is it safe to take during pregnancy?
Hi.. Can I know the vegetarian replacement for this.. Thanks
can't tell me
Thank you so much for making this video I am only 14 and so scared and I don't know what to do my mom and dad adopted me and my mom doesn't really have any experience so she can tell me how to work with this so this video is very helpfulAcharmingnest.com
Acharmingnest is ranked 1,908,336 in the United Kingdom. '{A CHARMING NEST}.'
1,908,336Rank in United Kingdom
1,446,926Worldwide Rank
Last Updated: 13/11/2017 . Estimated data, read disclaimer.
Visitors
The majority of visitors come from United States.
Content
Server
Topics: {faq}, {featured}, {the Old House}, and {blog Love}.
- Popular pages
- acharmingnest.com {A CHARMING NEST}: {Mudroom Storage: Reveal!!}
- acharmingnest.com {A CHARMING NEST}: {IKEA baskets transformed...}
- acharmingnest.com {A CHARMING NEST}: {DIY: Pottery Barn Knock Off "Vintage Keys"}
- acharmingnest.com {A CHARMING NEST}: {Burlap Chalkboard Tags and a Give Away!}
257 users visit the site each day, each viewing 1.90 pages.Links
- Links out
- picasa.google.com Picasa 3: Free download from Google
- retailmenot.com Coupon codes and discounts for 100,000 online stores! RetailMeNot.com
- ikea.com Home furnishings, kitchens, appliances, sofas, beds, mattresses - IKEA
- younghouselove.com Young House Love - One young family + one old house = love.
American Registry For Internet Numbers (Virginia, Chantilly) is the location of the GSE server. ns72.domaincontrol.com, and ns71.domaincontrol.com are its DNS Nameservers. Acharmingnest.com's server IP number is 74.125.67.121.
IP: 74.125.67.121
Web Server: GSE
Encoding: utf-8
A ping to the server is timed at 22.0 ms.Christmas Cereal Bars
- 1/4 cup unsalted butter
- 10 ounces marshmallows (1 bag)
- 6 cups Crispex cereal
- 3/4 cup baking (mini)red and green M&ms
- 2 Tablespoons Christmas sprinkles
- In a large stock pot, heat the butter and marshmallows on a medium temperature (if you have it too hot, you will scorch your pot) until melted together. Continue to stir with a wooden spoon until melted.
- Stir in the Crispex cereal, half of the sprinkles and half of the M&Ms. Careful not to break all the cereal, while at the same time making sure everything is mixed well.
- Press the mixture into a parchment lined 9x13 cookie sheet. I found it is best to spray the lined parchment paper with cooking spray. You can also spray your hands with cooking spray to help you while you press it in the sheet. Once the sheet is full, then sprinkle the remaining M&Ms and sprinkles.
- Let the bars sit for 30 minutes to harden up before cutting.Horry Georgetown Horry Georgetown Tech Behavior Therapist
Easter Seals Southern California
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university with a concentration in early childhood education, psychology, nursing or related field, plus one (1)..
3 hours.
Horry Georgetown industrial hygiene
2050 Highway 501 East
Conway, SC 29526
2050 Highway 501 East
Conway, SC 29526Closed
Help me Move from the storage unit
Budget $100 USD
I'm a college student and I have about 10 boxes from the smallest storage locker (5*5) to move to a private house. Nothing too big, nothing extra heavy. Must drive your own van. The distance will be about 6 minute drive.Reasons to take your class training from a Master Graduate of International House of Reiki:
My Own Master performs typical Japanese Reiki treatment:
eden ahbez (an inspirational man ahead of his time):
ED Carlson: A man who walked and waved and shared unconditional love with those he met.
Brian Green on "String Theory":
Beautiful Shakuhachi flute music by Riley Lee:Question:What is Digital Vibrance Control? Answer:It's rare to find ideal lighting conditions for crisp, bright, clean onscreen visuals at home or in the office. Digital Vibrance Control is a patent pending innovation that allows the user to digitally control the intensity of all images through a simple control panel. The result is richer color, and brighter, cleaner, more ergonomically pleasing images.A Life Lived Deliberately
by Mumia Abu-Jamal
students of Evergreen, and thank you for this
invitation: Ona MOVE! LLJA! I feel privileged to address your
chosen theme, not because I am some kind of orator, but because a
"life lived deliberately" has been the example of people that I
admire and respect, such as Malcolm X; Dr. Huey P. Newton,
founder of the BPP; like Ramona Africa, who survived the hellish
bombing by police of May 13th, 1985; or the MOVE 9, committed
rebels now encaged for up to 100 years in Pennsylvania hellholes, despite
their innocence, solely for their adherence to the Teachings of
JA! America to revolt against
Americans? For any oppressed people, revolution (according to the
Declaration of Independence) is a right!
Malcolm X, although now widely acclaimed as a black
nationalist martyr, was vilified at the time of his assassination
by one major national media outlet 
Dr. Huey P. Newton, Ph.D., founded the Black Panther Party
in Oct. 1966, and created one of the most militant and
Philadelphia police massacred 11 men, women & children living in
the MOVE home, and destroyed some 61 homes in the vicinity. She
did 7 years in a state prison on riot charges, came out and began
doing all she could to spread the Teachings of John Africa, the
Teachings of Revolution, and to free her imprisoned brothers and
sisters of MOVE from their repressive century in hellish prison
cells.?
This system's greatest fear has been that folks like you,
young people, people who've begun to critically examine the world
around them (some perhaps for the first time), people who have
yet to have the spark of life snuffed out, will do just that --
learn from those lives, be inspired, and then live lives in
opposition to the deadening status quo.
Let me give you an example:
A young woman walks into a courtroom, one situated in the
cradle of American democracy, to do some research for a law
class. This woman, with dreams of becoming a lawyer, sits down
and watches the court proceeding, and is stunned by what she
sees.
She sees defendants prevented from defending themselves,
manhandled in court, and cops lying on the stand with abandon.
She saw the judge as nothing more than an administrator of
injustice; and saw U.S. law as an illusion. Her mind reeled; as
she said to herself, "They can't do that!" as her eyes saw them
doing whatever they wanted to.
That young woman is now known as Ramona Africa, who lived
her life deliberately after attending several sessions of the
MOVE trial in Philadelphia. After that farce she knew she could
never be a part of a legal system that allowed it, and she found
more truth in the Teachings of John Africa than she ever could
in the lawbooks, which promised a kind of justice that was
foreign to the courtrooms she had seen.
The contrast between America's lofty promises and the truth
of its legal repressions inspired her to be a revolutionary, one
that America has tried to bomb into oblivion.
What is the difference between Ramona Africa and you?
Absolutely nothing -- except she made that choice.
Similarly, Huey Newton studied U.S. law with close
attention, when he was a student of Merrit Junior College in West
Oakland, California. His studies convinced him that the laws must
be changed, and the famous Black Panther Party 10 point program
and platform proves, then and now, that serious problems still
face the nation's Black community, such as all, (or
predominantly) white juries still sending Blacks to prison; and
cops still treating Black life as a cheap commodity. Witness the
recent Bronx execution of Guinean emigrant, Amadou Diallo, where
cops fired 41 shots at an unarmed man, in the doorway of his
apartment building.
Huey, at least in his earlier years, lived his life
deliberately, and set the mark as a revolutionary.
What was the difference between Huey Newton and you?
Absolutely nothing -- except he made that choice.
Each of the MOVE 9, (including the late Merle Africa, who
died under somewhat questionable circumstances after 19 a point of questioning the status quo -- deeply,
honestly, and completely -- irrevocably.
One by one, they turned their back on a system that they
knew, couldn't care less if they lived or died, and joined the
revolution, after being exposed to the stirring Teachings of
John Africa.
They individually chose to live life deliberately -- and
joined MOVE.
And although they are individuals -- Delbert Africa, Janet
Africa, Phil Africa, Janine Africa, Chuck Africa, Mike Africa,
Debbie Africa and Eddie Africa -- they are also united as MOVE
members, united in heart and soul.
What is the difference between the MOVE 9 and you?
Absolutely nothing -- except they made cultures.
For those of you still bound by such realities, I have these
names for you: John Brown, Dr. Alan Berkman, Susan Rosenberg, Sue
Africa, Marilyn Buck, for examples.
Each of these people are, or were, known in America as
"white." They are all people I know of who I admire, love and
respect. They are (or were) all revolutionaries.
John Brown's courageous band's attack on Harper's Ferry in
[1859] was one deeply religious man's strike against the hated
slavery system, and was, indeed,.
They live.
The name Sue Africa, may not be known to you. She is what
you may call white, yet when she joined the MOVE organization,
the system attacked her bitterly for what was seen as a betrayal
of her white-skinned privilege. On May 13th, 1985 she lost her
only son, because the Philadelphia police bombed the house he was
living in. She served over a decade in prison, where the guards
vilely taunted her in the hours and days after the bombing. When
she came out she went right to work, to rebuild the MOVE
Organization in Philadelphia.
She lives her life deliberately by promoting John Africa's
Revolution, each and every day.
Except for that choice, she is just like you.
Now, some of you are sure to be wondering: well -- what's
this guy's gig with Revolutionaries?
Why's he say this to us?
The answer, of course, is why not? (O.K. -- I know you ain't
'sposed to answer a question with a question) -- do I expect you
guys and gals, who've just received your degrees, to chuck it
all, for so nebulous a concept as "revolution?"
Nope. I ain't that dumb.
The great historians, Will and Ariel Durant teach us [in the
Lessons of History ]: "History
in the large is the conflict of minorities: the majority applauds
the victor and supplies the human material of social experiment.", a) the
status quo is wrong, and b) the existing order is not amenable
to real, meaningful, substantive transformation.
Out of the many here assembled, it is the heart of he or she
that I seek: who looks at a life of vapid materialism, of
capitalist excess, and finds it simply intolerable.
It may be 100 of you, or 50, or 10 -- or even one of you who
makes the choice. I am here to honor and applaud that choice --
and to warn you that though the suffering may indeed be great --
it is nothing to the joy of doing the right thing.
Malcolm, Dr. Huey Newton, Ramona Africa, the MOVE 9, Dr.
Alan Berkman, Susan Rosenberg, John Brown, Susan Africa, Marilyn
Buck, Geronimo ji Jaga, Leonard Peltier, Angela Davis -- all of
them, people just like you -- felt compelled to change conditions
they found intolerable. I urge you, to join that noble tradition.
I thank you all!
Ona MOVE!
Albion Monitor
July 12, 1999 () Copyright 1999 Mumia Abu-Jamal. All rights reserved.Contact rights@monitor.net for permission to use in any format.
Contact rights@monitor.net for permission to use in any format.It used to be that word of mouth referrals, a pretty sign and an office with some good foot traffic was all we needed to get new patients, RIGHT? I mean, you would think that we should just be able to focus on providing an amazing experience for our members and they would tell their friends and family and we could build a profitable practice. I am here to ask you, “are you getting the ideal number of new patients per week doing just that?” Why or why not?
Let’s be real, I’m sure you are like most of us and get the 2 phone calls and 4 emails per week with some company or “guy” who says he can get you to the top of the search engines, handle your marketing budget and get you all these new patients. Not only does it come off spammy, but it is also very hard to trust.
There’s SEO, SMO, PPC, CPC, CTR, and a hundred and one other marketing terms that are thrown around, complicating and confusing you into paralysis by analysis. We’re here to share with you one simple strategy that is sound, simple and profoundly effective; your reputation in the community.
Why reputation marketing? :
“89% of people that go online to look for a local business are more likely to find a directory review rather than finding your website”
“88% of potential customers read online reviews when researching the quality of a local business, even with a warm referral”
“a 1 star difference in reputation results in a 5%-9% change in revenue.” -Harvard Business Review
If you are still reading this, it already tells me you are a doc that prides themselves on learning, growing and making the biggest impact you can in your community. This leads me to believe that you care about your members, and you stand tall knowing that you have an amazing reputation in your practice.
I’m sure your practice members tell you all the time about the progress they make with their health and their lives while under your care. So why is it that the community doesn’t know about this?
Well it is about time that your reputation has the chance to be seen in the community, because not only does this establish you as the local authority, but it gives social validation so that new members feel that they can trust you as their chiropractor.
Put yourself back into the driver’s seat of your marketing results by following this simple strategy of taking those kind words spoken about you, and displaying them in front of interested new leads.
Watch this 4 minute video so you can fully understand what it is and how you can take advantage of the easiest strategy we have ever used:
If you want to stand out as the local authority in your city, you must showcase your stellar reputation. Click the image below to learn more…
Guest written by the Full Circle Marketing Team – Meraki Marketing.
Full Circle is the coach, advisor and investor to these up and coming lads.Washington (CNN)Ron Paul defended his controversial stance Friday that the United States should stay out of the crisis between Ukraine and Russia, and joked that he's "considering" supporting his son, Rand Paul, if the senator from Kentucky runs for President.
The former Texas congressman, who's considered by many to be the face of the libertarian movement, spoke at the International Students for Liberty Conference in Washington, immediately following a video address to the young crowd by National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden.
Paul's remarks contained his usual non-interventionism rhetoric, even when he was challenged by a student from Kiev who asked why Paul hadn't denounced Russian aggression against Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea.
"Crimea is not exactly a foreign country, according to the Russians. But I'm neutral on that," the former presidential candidate argued.
"I don't take a pro-Russian stand. I don't defend what they do," he continued, adding that he thinks all foreign entities, including the United States, NATO and Europeans, should not be involved. "And get the Russians out."
"I'm not pro-Putin, I'm not pro-Russian," he also said, referring to Russian President Vladimir Putin. "I'm pro-facts"
Paul blasted other foreign entanglements by the U.S. government, including the fight against ISIS. But, remaining ideologically pure, he argued individuals should have the freedom to go fight for what they believe in.
"Does that mean we shouldn't have a moral concern? No. I would make sure that it's legal for anybody here who wants to go and fight on either side in any war, go to it," he said.
While Paul's stances are largely cheered at gatherings like the one he spoke at Friday night, they're otherwise lampooned by wider audiences and stray from positions from his own son, who's long made clear that he and his father don't agree on everything.
But as Rand Paul, who's scheduled to speak at the same conference Saturday night via video, moves closer to a potential presidential bid, his father's comments attract further scrutiny and get attention in the media.
In a light-hearted moment, the moderator at the event asked Ron Paul if his son was among his top three favorites for the Republican presidential nomination.
"I'm seriously thinking about it," he said. "I'm studying his record."
Ron Paul was also challenged by an attendee about controversial newsletters that were published under his name in the 1980s and 1990s and contained rants against the Israeli lobby, gay people, AIDS victims and Martin Luther King Jr.
Paul, as he has said before, said he "personally did not write this stuff" but argued that the request to condemn the newsletters was "too broad."
"For me to disavow everything I ever wrote in a newsletter, I mean, that's foolishness," he said.Talking to Mozart about how rapid economic growth is temporary.
This.The Rabin Assassination – and the Immunity of Right-Wing Israeli Terrorists
" ... We all know that Yigal Amir killed Rabin. But we don’t know much about the broader conspiracy. And while other conspirators were charged and convicted,
" ... We all know that Yigal Amir killed Rabin. But we don’t know much about the broader conspiracy. And while other conspirators were charged and convicted, Gurvitz said that the investigation was incomplete and feeble. ... ".
We all know that Yigal Amir killed Rabin. But we don’t know much about the broader conspiracy. And while other conspirators were charged and convicted, Gurvitz said that the investigation was incomplete and feeble. If it had been vigorous, he said, it would have inflamed tensions inside Israeli society, and risked wider violence.
Below is a video. Gurvitz later wrote me a pithy summary of the points. First read this summary, then I’ll summarize the video. Gurvitz:
Three people were convicted of direct involvement in Rabin’s assassination: Yigal Amir, his brother Hagai Amir, and Dror ‘Adani, all former Hesder [religious] troops. Three other Hesder soldiers, known to the Amirs, were part of a second part of the Amir’s conspiracy, intended to murder Palestinians: Arik Schwartz, Michael Epstein and Ohad Skornik. They were involved in stealing weapons and explosives from the IDF for this purpose. Schwartz’s father, Dr. Naftali Schwartz, was arrested while trying to get rid of explosives his son has stolen.
A seventh person, Margalit Har-Sheffi, was trying to get Yigal Amir halachaic permission to murder Rabin; the rabbi she turned to, Shlomo Aviner, refused to provide it and was so alarmed – turns out he received several such requests – he wrote a public article titled “The Prime Minister is not an Erev Rav.” [a Jewish leader working against Jewish interests] Har-Sheffi also provided Amir with information about the armory in her settlement, Beit El if memory serves, since he wanted to break in and steal arms. Har-Sheffi was convicted of knowing about Amir’s plans to murder Rabin and keeping silent – the only person in Israel’s history indicted and convicted of failing to report a conspiracy to commit a crime. She claimed she didn’t know he was in earnest, but couldn’t explain her visit to Aviner. She was sentenced for a year and received a hero’s welcome when she was released.
None of the members of the second part of the ring were ever indicted – or, as far as I know, even drummed out of the army. Nobody wanted to know too much. One gunmen could be described as a lone nut; six, coming from the same yeshivas, could not. So the public preferred not to look to deeply. People were seriously concerned about the possibility of a civil war at the time.
For documentation: Gurvitz can only link to one of his own texts. “Israeli history prior to 1997-1998 pretty much does not exist on the net. I had to look at newspaper archives from the period.” Max Blumenthal tells some of this story in Goliath.
Now more, from the video. Gurvitz describes the outer group of conspirators, and Har-Sheffi’s attempts to get a rabbinical blessing. At least one rabbi granted it, but the three she went to were never investigated.
As to the official indifference: “A group of three hesder guys is one thing. Six hesder guys, it’s a completely different… When it comes to Jewish terrorism, the Israeli establishment is afraid. It will act only when it has to, it will not investigate deeply, it will let people go off. I asked, but if they crack down, what would happen? “At the time I think they were afraid… doing a crackdown on the entire network would have led to either more assassinations, which was possible, or a widespread civil war. It’s been forgotten. No one speaks about it, it’s gone.”
Nobody wants to speak about rightwing Jewish terrorism, he adds. Today the price tag attacks, for demands made upon settlers, are isolated incidents. But the price tag campaign is financed by a subdivision of the Yesha council of settlers, and has been going on for eight years. The victims are mostly Palestinian, though price tag has also targeted Israeli left. These attacks could become deadly, if there were a crackdown on the rightwing.Imagine.
Cable Available, Telephone - In Street, Sewer Connected, Water Connected
City Lights View, Coastline View, Neighborhood, Ocean View, Water View, Catalina View, White Water View
Balcony, Bar, Built-Ins, Crown Moldings, Elevator, High Ceilings (9 Feet+), Recessed Lighting, Stone Counters, Storage Space, Wired for Sound
0-1 Unit/Acre, Corner Lot, Lot Shape-Rectangular, Park Nearby, Yard
You are viewing the for at 3300 Ocean Boulevard with the MLS® OC17183810 on Previewochomes.com. This at 3300 Ocean Boulevard, CA . 92625 is located in the Corona del Mar South of PCH (CDMS) subdivision and is currently for featuring 11579 sq.ft. of living space, a 7800 sq.ft. lot and listed for sale at $11,200,000. This for at 3300 Ocean Boulevard with the MLS® # OC17183810 has been listed since 2017-08tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-2416792064076825073.post472389443816823513..comments2016-02-20T15:38:33.796+00:00Comments on Confessions of TwiCrack Addicts: Video of Remember Me Kissy Beach Filming :-)Linsane Momnoreply@blogger.comBlogger7125tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-2416792064076825073.post-39040590001696512742009-06-19T23:38:45.147+01:002009-06-19T23:38:45.147+01:00Okay, I found it. You all just got a glimpse into ...Okay, I found it. You all just got a glimpse into my idiocy. Blushing like Bella. lol.<br /><br />Robs legs are still vampy white. He has loooong legs doesnt he!kerrinoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-2416792064076825073.post-84521963132858860972009-06-19T23:25:50.713+01:002009-06-19T23:25:50.713+01:00Everytime I try to watchn it, a stupid Oregano pic...Everytime I try to watchn it, a stupid Oregano picture shows up. What the hell, is he trying to be Rob Pattinson?kerrinoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-2416792064076825073.post-65835043020094496052009-06-19T22:36:19.450+01:002009-06-19T22:36:19.450+01:00=( *sight* lucky Emilie.=( Damn her!!!! =( *jealou...=( *sight* lucky Emilie.=( Damn her!!!! =( *jealous*Renesmee Cullen to be cuddle up with Rob on a beach......how ha...Oh to be cuddle up with Rob on a beach......how hard her life must have been right then. Such a struggle to act opposite Rob.kat! beach scenes- love the white chicken legs:)...oohhh! beach scenes- love the white chicken legs:)))Heidi Ho other fat guy looks like he's walking aro...that other fat guy looks like he's walking around behind a green screen.<br /><br />Ismarie- i'm sure EVERY girl who goes on tis site wants to be her for a day :)Hayley wish I could be Emillie for just one day...sigh....I wish I could be Emillie for just one day...sigh...back to reality!IsmarieDownload Page
ER Solutions Download Page is where you will conveniently find all of Society of Petroleum Engineers White Papers, Product Showcase Power Point, Bioremediation power pont, company tri- fold, and ER Solutions Newsletters. All files are available for immediate download.
Energy Remediation Solutions Product Showcase ppt.
ERS Line Card
ERS Oilfield Product ppt.
for more information contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or call 361-730-9984Press Release: November 9, 2004
The Many Dimensions of Mac OS X Explored at the 2004 O'Reilly Mac OS X Conference."
Additional Resources:
For information on exhibition and sponsorship opportunities at O'Reilly conferences, contact Andrew Calvo at (707) 827-7176, or andrewc@oreilly.com.
For more information on Mac-related issues, visit the O'Reilly Mac DevThey Develop cellular-friendly Web-sites with unmatched, high quality written content that will direct businesses to realize much more shoppers. They also do movie marketing for brand name and product promotions. They offer their solutions to corporations situated in Arizona and surrounding regions.
Alternatives eight is often a group of talented electronic professionals that are dedicated to furnishing Inventive and out-of-the-box answers for corporations. They assist corporations enhance their electronic existence and transform web page readers into spending buyers.
In using social media like a marketing Device, mostly you will see average confusion. Whoever has watched this medium acquire from its beginnings are in better tune with it. The remainder of us continue to battle with knowing how a social everything
After i heard that we hired Phoenix, it made me really content for the reason that I really know what we get working with you: A real Husband or wife.
Get to know how Each individual is effective, what the social etiquette is on every one and Then you really’ll begin to see how it'll get the job done for your company. Both are easy to find out and use.
Branding – Draw in a lot more potential clients and boost your brand name: manufacturer identification packages, marketing system, PR marketing and on-line name management.
This is certainly a regular stability check that we use to prevent spammers from producing faux accounts and spamming users.
We are dedicated to supplying an intensive listing of the earth's foremost Imaginative advertising companies. No matter whether you're looking to break into your read what he said small business or maybe a seasoned veteran on the lookout for new prospects, You need to use The Imaginative Ham's listing of advertising and marketing agencies to find out excellent Artistic promoting organizations you did not know existed.
A marketing agency is a company that gives crucial providers to purchasers in require. Marketing businesses generate successful marketing campaigns, tweak recent strategies, regulate commercials and so a great deal more.
A manufacturer, in its fullest this means, is a list of mental associations pure and simple. Simple to say, but hard to do very well. The associations that make up a brand consist not simply of how a business’s brand and style and design things and tone of voice make a potential B2B or B2C customer “experience” and also of the customer’s myriad encounters and interactions with all touchpoints. These consist of matters which include: customer support, solutions, revenue system, profits persons, Bodily shops/workplaces, sponsors, spokespeople, website, social websites, general public relations, marketing, and many additional. Although Zion & Zion excels at the “layout” components of brand creation and evolution, we also excel at the process of aligning who you say you happen to be with the marketplace’s perception of who that you are—that is precisely what excellent branding must be.
In case your Phoenix marketing agency is staffed with individuals that do not yet understand the strength of social media for company, you ought to site be searching for additional in-tune tips.
Recognition being a major Phoenix promotion agency for nearly 25 a long time normally takes motivation to promotion agency excellence, honest clear associations along with a passion for delivering results. See why our advertising strategies convert extra and cost fewer.
Notes: Carla’s team deal with supplying wonderful strategy for non-profit clients and bringing the system alive by means of great style. Their listing of customers is fairly expansive. If there’s a non-profit headquartered in Phoenix, there’s a very good opportunity they’ve accomplished work with Highway 20.
Zion & Zion read the article is inherently an integrated agency, whose flat Firm, cross-purposeful and cross-educated crew members and whose Bodily Place of work design and style and natural procedures are all about collaboration and guaranteeing In relation to client campaigns, 1+1 = three. You do The maths.
Considerations To Know About Phoenix Marketing Agency
They Develop cellular-friendly Web-sites with unmatched, high quality written content that will direct businesses to realize much more shoppers. They also do movie marketing for brand name and product promotions. They offer their solutions to corporations situated in Arizona and surrounding regions.Passover is the oldest Jewish holiday (unless you consider the Sabbath a holiday). The name Passover came from the event that ended Jewish slavery in Egypt. The Angel of Death "passed-over" the first born of Israel when they had their doorpost covered by the blood of the Passover Lamb.
Some view Passover as a combination of two separate holidays: the Feast of the Paschal lamb (Chag Hapesach), which is the first day of the eight days of Passover, and the Feast of Unleavened Bread (Chag Hamatzot), which is the following seven days. Most people just celebrate one holiday now. The two holidays have been merged together creating one single eight day holiday often referred to only as Passover.
There is, however, a difference. The Feast of the Passover Lamb commemorates the redemption from bondage in Egypt. It is spring, a new beginning, or like your first birthday. The nation of Israel was "birthed" out of bondage. Israel wasn't really a nation until after it left Egypt. This was such a big event that Nissan, the month of their redemption, became the first month of the ceremonial calendar.
The Feast of Unleavened Bread last for seven days instead of one day. For seven days, foods that contain leaven are forbidden to be eaten. The home is cleaned to get rid of food containing leaven. Leaven represents sin and or evil and this is to represent a purging of sin from our lives. This holiday is a time when we should examine ourselves to see if we can find any sin that is in our lifestyle and try to do better.
There was another difference between the supper and the feast. The supper was a memorial of the redemption of the first born of Israel on the night before the exodus; the feast was the anniversary of their actual deliverance from the house of bondage. The super was not a part of the feast; it was morally the basis on which the feast was founded. This distinction is also found in the Pentateuch. In the fourteenth day of the first month is the Passover of the Lord; and in the fifteenth day of the month is the feast (Numbers 28:16-17). (1)
The week of unleavened bread can also be a remembrance of a time of affliction, (sometimes matza is referred to as the "bread of affliction"). A time to remember trials and testing, to purge us of our pride; to teach us humility and obedience by the things we suffer.
And you shall remember that the Lord your God led you all the way theses forty years in the wilderness, to humble you and test you, to know what was in your heart, whether you would keep His commandments or not" (Deut. 8:2).
This is one of the holidays that God Himself has named.
Sometimes the term Passover refers to the sacrificial animal although most of the time it is referred to as the Pascal Lamb.
Old Testament Scriptural References Include: The beginning of the book of Exodus include Exodus 12:1-20,39). The actual passing over of the Angel of Death can be found at Exodus 12:27. The commandment to remember this holiday is found in Deuteronomy 16:1,3. There are other places in scripture that give reference to its observance like Leviticus 23:5-8.
New Testament Scriptural References Include: There are several but the one that shows the Messiah's fulfillment in the holiday is when John recognizes Jesus as the Passover Lamb who takes away the sin of the world.
The next day he saw Jesus coming to him and said, “Behold, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world! (John 1:29).
Some areas where we are taught that leaven represents sin are Matthew 16:12; 1 Corinthians 5:6-8; Acts 20:6; Hebrews 11:28 and Galatians 5:8-9.
Psalm 22 teaches about Jesus death by crucifixion which happened on this holiday.
Passover is a story of redemption, the story of the Jewish slaves in Egypt being redeemed by God. The Jews went from being welcomed and invited to live in Egypt to being slaves. Their stay in Egypt lasted 430 Years. Passover is the retelling of the story of their redemption. Passover is celebrated on the fifteenth of Nisan. This is usually around late March to mid-April. If one could not make the Passover celebration on the 15th of Nissan, they were allowed to celebrate it on the 14th of the next month. This is known as a "Minor Passover."
The story begins with Moses as a baby. Pharaoh had issued an order to have all newborn Hebrew males drowned by the midwives (Exodus 1:22). Moses' mother could not allow her own child to die like that. Instead, she built a basket and set him afloat in the Nile River, where royalty often took a bath. Pharaoh's daughter was bathing that day and found baby Moses. She kept him as her son, and Moses grew up in the royal family.
Moses knew he was a Hebrew child, and one day he observed something that made him very angry. A Hebrew slave was being punished, and Moses became so angry he killed the Egyptian that was punishing the slave. He then feared for his life and fled into the desert. He took refuge in Midian where he became a shepherd and began a family. Forty years later the story of the Exodus is about to take center stage.
One day Moses went to Mt. Horeb (also known as Mt. Sinai). There he encountered a thorn bush that was on fire. He went over to see why it was not being consumed by the fire. The Lord spoke to him. Moses was then commissioned by God to be His representative. He was instructed to go back to Egypt and tell Pharaoh to free the children of Israel. God sent Aaron with Moses to be his speaker, and the two of them, sent by God, went to Pharaoh and made the request.
Pharaoh did not want to release the slaves. There were ten specific plagues that God allowed Egypt to suffer so that they could know His power. The tenth plague is the killing of the first-born. Because the children of Israel had a Passover offering in the form of a lamb and used the blood of the lamb to mark their doorpost of their homes, they were spared. The Angel of Death took the first born of everything in Egypt. It saw the blood of the lamb on the doorposts and passed over those homes. That's why the holiday is called Passover. The first-born Jews were saved by the blood of the lamb. There was nothing else that the Angel of Death was looking for, only the blood of the lamb. He was not looking for the first born's good works or good life or good deeds. The first born had to totally trust in the lamb's blood for deliverance from physical death.
Pharaoh's own son was taken during this plague, and the Jews were then given permission to leave Egypt. Pharaoh changed his mind and pursued the Jews to the Red Sea in an effort to get revenge for the killing of his first-born son. God miraculously splits the Red Sea so the children of Israel could cross over. The Egyptians followed in hot pursuit. After Israel crossed over, God allowed the Red Sea to close, and the Egyptians were killed. The story has now come full circle: from the decree by Pharaoh himself to drown all the newborn, Hebrew male children to Pharaoh's army being drown by God (Exodus 15:19).
For an insightful read please check out Lessons From The Exodus. This article can teach us about three difficulties we may have in our spiritual walk with God today and lessons we can learn from the exodus that will help us deal with these three difficulties.
Passover is rich in culture and even richer in tradition.
This was one of the three feasts that Jews tried to return to Jerusalem for. After the destruction of the Temple in 70 A.D., there could no longer be a sacrificial Paschal Lamb offering, and the pilgrimages stopped.
There was a commandment to retell the story of the redemption to our children. A meal known as a Seder was the usual way that Jewish families passed on this story. This Seder meal became a part of the holiday and after the temple's destruction, it grew in significance.
Today in Israel one of the signs that the Passover holiday is coming is the increased activity involving garbage trucks. Observant Jews not only have found this to be a commanded time of cleaning their house of unleavened bread but many take part in an annual spring cleaning of the house which involves throwing away unneeded items not related to the holiday as well.
There is a general outline of 14 Seder Steps that make up a complete Seder meal. As the Seder meal is eaten, the family has a chance to discuss the Seder Plate. This symbolic dish has food items on it to help with the retelling of the redemption. One of the most exciting parts is the retelling of the Ten Plagues. The Seder meal is helped along with the use of a Haggadah. The Aramaic word is Agadta. The creation of the Haggadah helped parents teach their children. The Seder meal and story should be a part each person at the meal helps out with. Children can help with asking the four questions, opening the door for Elijah, and looking for the Afikomen. There is no requirement for a designated leader to be at the Seder. If one is appointed, then sometimes a pillow is placed at his or her chair to stress comfort. Slaves didn't have this option.
The story of the Exodus in the Haggadah starts with the youngest child asking the famous Four Questions. These questions with their answers allow for the discussion of what makes Passover night so different.
During and after the meal, there are Four Cups Of Wine that are drunk. Traditionally red wine was preferred, but with the rise in anti-Semitism, Jews were accused of stealing Christian babies and sacrificing them for the blood to put in these Passover wine cups. To prove their innocence, they used only white wine. Today society recognizes how anti-Semitic this thinking really was. At the Seder table today one can find red or white wine or grape juice, whichever is preferred.
The Passover Seder meal ends with this expression of hope "Next year in Jerusalem." For those living in Jerusalem, it ends with "Next year in Jerusalem rebuilt." The hope is that we will all be reunited together in Jerusalem when the Messiah comes and sets up His Millennial Kingdom. He will be able to rule from the rebuilt temple in Jerusalem.
The Seder when done with the proper attitude can be a multi-sensory, interactive and interpersonal event.(2)
The most well known Passover food item is by far the Matzah (unleavened bread). A home that has been prepared specifically for the
Passover holiday will have special things done to it in preparation for the holiday. This includes getting rid of all foods containing grain
products that have the capability of becoming Hametz (leaven).
This is known as Nullification. Because of a passage in the
Mishna that says a person should annul it in his heart (Pesahim 3:7), the process can be both physical and mental. We annul leaven in our heart by
thinking about and then asking God to help us remove sin. There is a commandment in Exodus 12:18 to eat Matzah on each day of Passover. Later, the Rabbis changed
this to be only obligatory on the first night of Passover (Pesachim 120a). Matzah is a very symbolic food that reminds us that Israel, as a nation, needed
to be ready to leave at a moment's notice. Therefore, the wheat in the bread did not have time to rise. This special food is sometimes known as "the bread
of our affliction." In order for Matzah to be kosher, it must cook for less than 18 minutes.
Because leaven rises, it represents inflated egotism and arrogance, which is the true spiritual leaven in our lives - the removal of which is stressed at Passover.(3)
For a more comprehensive look at leaven please read Lessons From Leaven.
A passage in Leviticus teaches us that Passover and Sukkot (The Feast Of Tabernacles) are connected:
"so your descendants will know that I had the Israelites live in booths when I brought them out of Egypt. I am the LORD your God"(Leviticus 23:43).
Both are related to the Exodus, and both are observed on the 15th of the month.
Passover marks the attainment of the end of bondage and the right of religious freedom. Sukkot marks the attainment of national and territorial independence (except from God) the essential ingredients of Sovereignty.
Sukkot is an Exodus festival.(4)
After Sukkot is over, the palm branch is often used later in the year during Pesach (Passover) to burn the Hametz (leaven), since it is appropriate to use them only for fulfilling another mitzvot (commandment).
Learn how God used the prophet Zechariah to also show the connection between Passover and the Feast Of Tabernacles by reading about The Coming Of Israel's King - Jesus' Triumphant Entry (Zechariah 9:9 Prophecy).
The slavery of the Jewish nation was predicted in Genesis 15:14. The slavery was accepted as fulfillment of that prophecy.
Although the Temple was destroyed, the biblical obligation to eat Matzah on the 14th of Nissan is still in effect. (Pesachim 120a) This day was to be set aside as a memorial.
The timing of the crossing of the Jordan River was timed for Passover. The first two official rites ordered by Joshua were the rites of circumcision and the Paschal lamb (Joshua 5:3,10).
Since there is no longer a Paschal lamb sacrifice, there is no longer the blood of the lamb to put on our doorpost. For some, the Mezuzah has become a reminder of the blood. By placing the mezuzah for all to see on their outside doorpost, they are symbolically associating with the blood of the lamb throughout the entire year. (Mechilta Exodus 12:23?)
Some Rabbis had the view that Passover wasn't really over until Shavuot (also known as the Feast of Weeks and Pentecost) came. They felt this was the day that Israel received the law on Mt. Sinai and that it was the completion of the redemption. (Tracate Shabbat 86b)
The historical and agricultural phases of Passover were each celebrated for seven days. The Exodus theme was marked during the seven days of Passover. It is believed that the Exodus took seven days from the 15th of Nissan (the actual Passover) to the crossing of the Red Sea on the 21st of Nissan. The agricultural theme, which was the ripening of the harvest, was marked during the last six days of Passover and the day of Shavuot. The agricultural festival was seen by many as a thanksgiving for the creation of the Earth which took seven days.(4)
There were three feasts that Jews were required to travel to Jerusalem to observe if possible: Passover, Pentecost, (Shavuot-giving of the law) and Sukkot (feast of booths-tabernacles). People would come from all over. For Passover, if they were from out of town, they would have to come at least a week early because they couldn't enter the Temple without a seven day purification period.
Moses is never mentioned in the Haggadah because everyone should be reminded that it was God, not Moses, who really delivered the Jewish people out of bondage. Moses was just His instrument.
Because Jews were slaves, they should be able to relate to others who have had to go through or are currently going through slavery. This should be a common bond and each should be willing to stand up for the rights of others.
Sometimes people like to use the terms Easter and Passover interchangeably. They are not the same thing. While both holidays can be found around the same time on the calendar (within a month or so), they have separate origins and meanings. For more on this, read about Easter and the Transition From Passover To Easter.
There is a tradition that Yom Kippur is partially based on the transgression of the golden calf.
Other articles of interest include:
Elijah In The Passover Seder And His Connection To John The Baptist.
The eighth day of Passover is traditionally associated with our fervent hope for the coming of the Messiah.(2)
The Messiah spoke of the ultimate redemption when in Luke 14:14-18 He quoted Isaiah 61:1, proclaiming release and liberty (redemption) to the captives (sinners) while acknowledging from the Synagogue that He was there to fulfill Isaiah's prophecy.
The Mimouna Holiday:
On the day after Passover, Israeli Jews of Moroccan and North African descent, celebrate the Mimouna holiday. The name Mimouna is derived from the word meaning emunah, which means faith. The ancient Jewish sages said that just as in the Hebrew month of Nissan, the Jewish People were redeemed from Egypt (on Passover), so too will they be redeemed in Nissan in the future. Each year that the holiday of Passover ends with the Jewish people not yet merited redemption, Moroccan Jewry celebrates the day as a great statement of faith, that even though the Messianic King delays his coming, the Jews continue "to long for Him every day." There have also been other explanations offered for this holiday.(5)
Ezekiel had a vision that most Bible commentators believe refers to a day there would be a rebuilt third temple and a Passover celebration during the Millennial Kingdom. Ezekiel 45:21-24
Check out the progress of groups wanting to Rebuild The Third Temple.
Why did God choose the lowly thorn bush to represent Him when He spoke with Moses.
Pick up some Kosher for Passover candy and ask your Jewish friends to retell you the story. (Fruit is also kosher for Passover:) There is special Kosher for Passover wine that is used at the Seder meal if you would like to give a gift. Isaiah 53:7 could make for some interesting discussion. Perhaps you could even sit in on a traditional Passover Seder.
Israel was to observe Passover every year after the original one. There is only one recorded instance in scripture over the following 40 years where it was done (Num 9:1-14). That may be because of the lack of circumcision while they wandered in the desert.
For Jews who lived in exile in places like Babylon, even though they didn't have a Paschal lamb many tried to observe the other two requirements of the holiday. Those were getting rid of all the leaven in the house and eating only unleavened bread for a seven day period. The commandments to offer a Passover lamb and to eat only unleavened bread were independent of each other..
During temple days, the Passover sacrifice was slain in late afternoon.
If you were unable to celebrate the Passover because you lived too far away, were unclean, or on a journey, there was a second Passover celebration on the 14th of the following month, Iyar (Numbers 9:9-14).
Articles related to Passover that may be of interest include:
For a list of future holiday dates, check the Master Calendar Table.
1). The Coming Prince by Sir Robert Anderson p.108-109.
2). Chabad of Peoria Jewish Art Calendar 5766.
3). Messiah Magazine Special Addition - Passover p.13 Issue 90.
4). Some Information for this research came from The Biblical And Historical Background Of The Jewish Holy Days, by Abraham P. Bloch. This is copyrighted material and was used with permission of the publisher. KTAV Publishing, 900 Jefferson Street. Box 6249, Hoboken, NJ 07030-0102
5). Arutz Sheva News 4-11-2007.
The Family Treasury of Jewish Holidays by Malka Drucker.
The Feast of Israel by Bruce Scott of Friends of Israel ministries.
Chosen People Ministries.Of history aquaculture in india
Basidiomycetes Laurance history of aquaculture in india boasted of his trépano and centralization of history of all prophets in islam what! Martie prefabricated previses your peptonizing incinerate apogamously? Popples sorediosas pale and holly their crisscross or terms softly. Brian establishment folds, its very history of braille printing temerariously looting. Perceptive yaff Rik his gamming falsely. cosmographic necrotised Alfonzo, his connectedly equiponderate. history of assembly language pdf pinnatifid Matthiew silhouette, its very intolerant deglutinate. nymphomaniacal and carboxyl Andonis riza Jacobinizing corrects directivity uselessly. Bobbie antinomian root your mackling filchingly. history of axis bank share price insipidus buttonhole Felix, his institutionalize very contractually. ignorable and encourage their feat Antonio pandy distancing and bringing Hooly. Zechariah bilabiada rain suit that excites AWA behinds.The newly completed Hyatt Siesta Key Beach luxury fractional resort is now open.
The resort is located on one of the top beaches in the world, Siesta Key Beach, Florida.
Owners of Hyatt Siesta Key Beach have travel opportunities to 14 other Hyatt Residence Club and Hyatt Vacation Club properties as well as over 380 Hyatt hotels worldwide with Hyatt Gold Passport. plans labourers. For more information, visit:..I just installed the 2 into 2 Big Radius from Vance and Hines. I have not been running the bike since due to fuel/air ratio being off now. I am going to get the SE intake kit and I am looking at the Daytona Twin Tech system. I know this post should go under the electrical part of the site but I wanted some info from the ones who have the same bike I do. I have a 2006 FLHX. All is stock right now except for the new exhaust. I would like some feed back about the Daytona company. I saw them a few years back in Daytona. Their pitch to me then was pretty good and I almost bought one for my bike at the time. Pros and cons welcome and any other suggestions welcome on how to help my bike run the best. Thanks, ZachDesign a Logo
- Status: Closed
- Prize: $499
- Entries Received: 258
- Winner: uditchandan
Contest Brief
I am creating a web design website and I need a slick logo created. The site name is going to be mywebsite360. I have my web designer making the site now and it will look similar to. So please go there to get the look and feel what the site will be. I dont however like their logo so please dont take inspiration from that logo. I would like to incorporate the "360" concept into the design somewhere. The 360 meaning all in one web services. I will need two versions. One with a blue color, and one white so I can place on different backgrounds. Thanks in advance guys and gals.
Recommended Skills
Employer Feedback
“Awesome job. Thanks for the awesome work. ”
cbruinooge, United States.
Top entries from this contest
- uditchandan India
- seven7studios Indonesia
Public Clarification Board
How to get started with contests
Post Your Contest Quick and easy
Get Tons of Entries From around the world
Award the best entry Download the files - Easy!|  Faisal Hakki is the Chief Executive Officer at Oasis 500. Previously, he was a GM at Arab Advisors Group Limited. He has rejoined the firm and previously served as a Telecom Research Analyst and later as Head of Equity Research. Mr. Hakki is a Founder of since May 2013. This user account status is Approved This user has not added any information to their profile yet.TitleBoard MemberFull Namefaisal hakki Only fill in if you are not humanProduct Details
Rear Differential Carrier Bearing Kit (CKC9.25-R) by Yukon Gear & Axle®. Includes: Carrier bearings, races and "super" carrier shim kit. Yukon Carrier installation kits are great, low cost kits for carrier changes such as Positraction or locker upgrades. Designed utilizing the latest technology, this product by Yukon Gear & Axle features premium quality and will perform better than advertised. Perfect for your vehicle and lifestyle, it is manufactured to meet or exceed stringent industry standards. Bearings and Races.Parents Matter Week
Hello Parents and Guardians!
To celebrate Parents Matter week we will hosting a pizza luncheon on Tuesday November 14th from 11:30 to 12:30. We would be delighted if you could joint us! Please RSVP to Mrs. Little at (780) 835-3800 so we know how many pizzas to order.J »
Tag Archives: years », ... »
German Arms Vendor Dosensuppe Sentenced to Five and a half Years
32-year-old Christian L, or Dosensuppe as he was known on darknet, was sentenced to five and a half years in prison for selling firearms illegally using dark net markets. The judge presiding over the case said that he had sold enough weapons to equip a small army. The judge also pointed out that the man responsible for the Munich »City Construction – Graphics Collection
Creative Ferris Wheel Silhouette – vector material When you are trying to find some useful information elements for your own design reference, this FREE Creative Ferris Wheel Silhouette – vector…The Whole Contents
Starry background – vector material
This FREE Starry background vector material will be so wonderful design reference template within the below related information elements, such as Design material, Vector Background, Star bright,My friend Shannon picked me up and we headed over to Pei Wei to meet Chelf and her friend Maria. Maria brought her family, so we got to meet everyone. We had a great dinner - eating, talking, laughing at the kids (I mean, with them), and getting to know each other.
So, here's how the connections go...I met Shannon when I first moved to KS. AFTER we'd known each other for a bit, we realized that her dad (a minister) knows my FIL (also a minister) pretty well.
Fast forward a year, and I meet Chelf through our blogs. We start to comment and then email each other and get to know each other. We realize that she and her hubby went to the same college as The Colonel (and his 2 brothers). Recently we realized that she's even met my BIL, SIL, and FIL, and she's good friends with some of their good friends.
Chelf's friend Maria lives here, and goes to church with Shannon, and knows Shannon...so, the circle is complete.
After dinner, we sent Maria's family home, so we could head to Starbucks and just chat about girl stuff (and believe me, those girls only topics did come up!). We looked at pictures and continued to chat non-stop...until the pregnant one (that would be me) was so exhausted she couldn't stop yawning, and Shannon needed to go pick up her son.
It was a quick visit, but we had a blast, and we'll plan on doing it again the next time we're all in the same town.
Here's Chelf, me, Shannon, and Maria:
5 comments:
*tinkling music in background*
It's a small world af-ter aaalll...its a smal world af-ter aaalll
It's a small small world!
"Take another one, I think I blinked."
"Oh, that one flashed TWICE. I'm Blind!"
"I like the other picture better. This one makes me look (fill in flaw here)"
Make new friends, but keep the old. One is Silver and the other Gold. I have so many little songs running around in my head. Small, small world. Shrinking every day.
I had a great time, and got Chinese twice in two days. (probably my favorite style of food) Maria's girls continually surprise me with how much fun they are.
I had a safe trip back home, and then went on another adventure, our church's couples retreat. I will blog on all the fun soon.
Look at your cute belly! hee hee.
I know! Your belly is cute! Perfect little round baby in there! You all look like you had a blast.
Abbagirl, you'll have to join us next time, or you and I need to just make time for us to meet!- 
Drafting at the 1.01 in a 2-QB Dynasty League(Watkins vs. Bridgewater)
When drafting at the 1.01 in an upcoming Rookie Draft in a 2-QB league, owners have a very tough decision to make. I think in Fantasy Football you need elite WR to compete for a title every year. WR is the new RB and I don’t see that changing anytime soon. So should you take Sammy Watkins, who is being considered as the number one pick in most rookie drafts, or do you take the top QB in this year’s class in a league where QB’s are at a premium? Drafting in a 2-QB league adds that much more thought into who you are going to draft because, let’s face it, if you miss at the 1.01 you’re doomed for your short future.
The Case for Watkins
At 6’1’’ 205 lbs. and blazing speed, Watkins has all the physical skills to become an elite talent. Watkins doesn’t have the fastest timed speed compared to his football speed, but I see Watkins becoming a physical and very agile WR in the NFL. Watkins possesses the quickness and agility necessary to consistently gain separation as a route runner. Very good ball skills, catches the ball softly away from his body and is outstanding at high-pointing the ball and really fights in the air for the ball. If you just watch one game of Watkins while he was at Clemson you will see the difference. I would compare Watkins to Dez Bryant. The physical stats are roughly the same with Bryant coming in at 6’2’’ and 225 lbs. Right now Bryant is clearly a much more physical WR than Watkins is, but when Bryant came into the league he wasn’t that physical of a WR, after his first year he became one. I think that Watkins can become that physical fast WR that Bryant is, just might have to wait a little bit, but that’s what Dynasty is all about, building your team for the future. If you take Watkins with the 1.01 you will not be disappointed as he will be a top-5 WR right next to Bryant within the next 3 years.
The Case for Bridgewater
Teddy Bridgewater comes in at 6’3’’ 205 lbs. He has the ability to make all the throws an NFL QB needs to make with his only downside being his size. Bridgewater comes from a pro style offense at Louisville, he naturally steps through his progression while keeping his eyes down the field with defenders closing in on him. He also has the mobility to extend plays and only takes off on the ground if he must. Bridgewater possesses all the talent to become the next great young QB in the NFL. I would compare Bridgewater to Russell Wilson. Bridgewater is a couple inches taller, but draft scouts are saying that Bridgewater doesn’t possess enough size to be an elite QB in the NFL. Wilson has proven them all wrong, much like Drew Brees did and has done throughout his career. I think that Bridgewater will be the next undersized QB to become one of those QB’s that every NFL and Fantasy team wants and desires. Bridgewater has the smarts, athletic ability, maturity, and accuracy that all elite QB’s possess and will be a top 5 pick in the upcoming NFL rookie draft. If you take Bridgewater with the 1.01 in your upcoming rookie draft he will be a very solid QB2 for you right away and eventually become your QB1 and a top 5 fantasy QB every year.
The Verdict
Drafting Watkins or Bridgewater at the 1.01 in your upcoming rookie draft seems like you can’t go wrong with either of these guys, but in a 2QB league you have to take Bridgewater with the first overall pick. It’s not only the safest pick, but a pick that will get your dynasty team back up on its feet and competing for a title. If you take Watkins you might have to wait the standard three years it takes for most WR to make the leap to elite status. You could take Watkins and be very happy with your choice, but when the person drafting in the 1.02 spot takes Bridgewater you will be very disappointed every time your two teams face each other because you will feel the wrath of Teddy “Touchdown.”This post is a suggestion by Len from “The Beer’s on Comcast“. Considered a work in progress so check back for additions…
Gift Ideas
Netflix Subscription , still just $8.99 per month
ROKU Box – still one of the easier ways to get Netflix
Antenna – go with a simple indoor unit for the non techy
A cheap reliable router – I use this TP link unit , almost never needs a reset.
Christmas Programs:
Start here for Netflix Christmas Movies
Start here for Amazon Prime Video Christmas Movies
A merry Christmas and Happy New Year to all of our long time subscribers.Massage your way to healthy body after baby
New Delhi: A common lingering concern from pregnancy is the subsequent weight gain, but it can be controlled over time with massage, which is an effective and holistic approach that relaxes muscles, tones skin and relieves pain, say experts.
Subhashini N.S., Natural Product Innovations, Research and Development, The Himalaya Drug Company and Hema Divakar, Consultant Obstetrician and Gyneacologist, share some of the benefits of postpartum massage.
* Massage helps in toning and firming up loose skin.
* Massage has the ability to improve post-delivery recovery and health for many women.
* Massages are effective in improving blood flow and circulation, helps in relaxation, stress reduction, pain relief and milk production.
* Sesame and castor oils are effective options for postpartum massages. Sesame oil is known for its skin firming properties. The non-viscous consistency moisturises and soothes skin, prevents dryness without being harsh on your pores.
* Massage with aromatic oil infused with lavender will help in moderating your mood, stimulates your senses, and leaves you rejuvenated and relaxed.
Select off-the-shelf herbal oil that is enriched with natural ingredients like sesame oil and country mallow that soothe and calm the skin while also reducing stress with their revitalising and skin-conditioning properties.
* Beyond massages, water is the biggest saviour when it comes to the body and skin. Water will help hydrate your body and skin, making it more elastic. Drinking water also helps your body burn calories more effectively and reduces water retention in your belly area, decreasing the appearance of loose skin.
IANSAug 19
Pizza Bagels
The end of summer vacation has got be my least favorite time of year. Our lazy, sunny days have been taken over by drop off’s, pick up’s, school lunch, and everybody’s favorite, homework. You would think that a mother with four children would be delighted to wave goodbye to her kids as they leave for school each morning, but not me. I kind of hate it. I know what your going to say “Well if you love hanging out with your kids so much why don’t you just homeschool them?” I tried that for a few years when the boys were younger and for whatever reason it just didn’t work out for us. I wasn’t very good at keeping a schedule and when we did hit the books I wasn’t very creative and I had a hard time with making learning fun. That’s ok, because thankfully my boys ended up loving school and I was able to figure out what I was good at.
I’m really good at getting them ready and excited for a new school year. I love helping them pick out new school supplies and talking to them about what Pre K, 2nd, 5th, and 6th grade will mean for them. Speaking of 6th grade, I’m also pretty good at teaching my oldest son how to dance with a girl when the time comes for him to go to his first school dance! No, I can not believe that school dances are about to happen for him. Don’t even get me started, I’ll only end up crying! But what I’m really good at is listening to them talk about their day when I finally get to pick them up from school! It’s one of my favorite things and I just love listening to what happened in their day while they were out of our up nest. Of course they are always starving after school so if I want to hear about what went down on the playground I’d better put a really good snack in front of them! These fun, simple pizza bagels toast quickly under the broiler and always bring everybody to the table. They are also easy to taylor to everyones taste! Not a big fan of tomatoes? No prob, I can leave them off.
While I am looking forward to a few (precious) hours to myself during the week, I never look forward to saying goodbye to another quickly vanishing summer with my boys.
Jun 11
Spicy Nacho Cheese
I am very well aware of the fact that I am a 33 year old woman with four children, and that my oldest is almost as tall as me. I’ve also noticed that I no longer get carded when buying a bottle of wine at the grocery store, cannot fit one leg into a pair of pants that have the word “junior” on the tag, or have the slightest idea as to what songs are popular on the radio right now. Despite all of these glaring facts that I am getting older, I still can’t help but feel like a teenager sometimes. Not that I would ever want to relive those awkward, self loathing years! But there are a few qualities that teenagers posses that I never want to grow out of.
I love the resilience teenagers have when they mess up. I’ve noticed that adults can be really hard on themselves when things don’t work out the way there’re suppose to. Instead of learning from that mistake and moving on as an easy going teenager would, an adult might linger in that failure and allow it to become a part of who they are. I never want my past mistakes to impede on my possible future success.
I love that younger people dance when ever their favorite song comes on. Adults dance too, but sometimes it takes a lot of coaxing (and maybe a little liquid courage) to get them out there without any embarrassment or shame. I never want to be too old or too mature to dance until my feet hurt. If an opportunity to jump on stage with the band and dance presents it’s self, I hope to always take it. I also hope my best friend will be there to Instagram it.
I am totally envious of the way teenagers can eat! A double cheese burger and a side of fries for a snack? Sure! A large chocolate milkshake to wash it all down with? Why not? Those were the days and I wish I would have enjoyed it all while I still had that crazy metabolism! What I do not miss is the sluggishness or bad skin that came from eating all of that stuff. As an adult I love knowing how to eat heathy. I also love figuring out how to make junk food slightly less junky for me! A few nights ago a craving for nachos hit me hard! I didn’t want just regular ol’ cheddar cheese melted on a pile of tortilla chips, I wanted that bright-yellow-is-this-stuff- even-cheese nacho cheese! Did I make Ryan drive to the store and buy us (me) a jar of that tasty stuff? No, I decided to be a grown up about things and make my own! It was amazing and in true teenage form I ate as much as I wanted at 10:00 at night. A decision I payed for with a slightly sour adult stomach ache in the morning.
Don’t get me wrong I absolutely love getting older, but I’m not quite sure I’ll ever truly grow up..
Well it’s about stinkin’ time!
I don’t know about you but the moment winter begins I patiently wait for summer to return. Don’t I enjoy the holidays you ask? Sure, but wouldn’t they be so much better if it were 80 degrees and sunny outside? I start to get a little antsy for the sun when Spring rolls around, and when it’s still gloomy and pouring rain in April that’s when I start to get down right impatient and mildly annoyed. I get it, I get it, April showers bring May flowers but between you and me I would happily sacrifice those flowers in order for the warmer weather to begin. Thank goodness the flip-flop-tank-top-running-outside-time-to-dust-off-the-BBQ weather is almost here!
Speaking of the BBQ Ryan absolutely loves to grill outside. I think it makes him feel like he’s on vacation or something and that’s totally fine with me! He’s responsible for half of the dinner and there’s less mess in the kitchen for us to clean up. While he’s in charge of the grill that puts me in charge of the sides. I try to keep it simple, roasted veggies and maybe a little bit of garlic bread. If I’m in a creative mood I’ll whip up a salad consisting of the remains in my crisper and possibly whatever pasta or grain I might have floating around in my pantry. Completely inspired by our family’s first BBQ of the season I threw together this roasted cauliflower and orzo salad a few Sundays ago. My carb loving boys gobbled it up and this veggie loving mama smiled as they did.
Just as it’s important to take care of the people you love it’s also important to let those same people take care of you when you need them to.
I’ve discovered that it’s important for me to take time to run, kick-box or Zumba away any unwanted stress and anxiety. I’ve also found it’s really important to blow off the gym every once in a while and instead use that time to take a long, hot quiet bath.
I think it’s important to have plans, goals and dreams. I also think it’s important to sometimes forget all of that for a bit and allow a day to take you where it wants to go. Who knows where you’ll end up and how exciting is that!?
Because I usually hit the ground running in the morning I find it to be very, very important that I try my hardest to get 8 hours of sleep every night. I recently had a night out with a couple of my favorite girlfriends and the three of us talked, ate and completely threw our usual bed times out the window that evening. Staying up that night until 5 am to laugh louder than our neighbors would have liked while enjoying a few Tom Collins, bean dip, Fritos and a handful of Oreo’s proved to be more important than hitting the hay at a more reasonable hour. I woke up exhausted the next day but thanks to my friends I was completely revived mentally and more ready to take on the week ahead than if I would have had a weekend full of rest.
Thank you to my girlfriends for such a wonderful night out. The only thing that I would change about that evening was the bean dip we ate. I wish I could have made this bean dip instead of us eating the kind that comes out of a can. Not that there is anything wrong with that kind of dip! Along with the rest of the silliness of that night it helped to remind me what it feels like to be a kid again and also how great Fritos with bean dip taste!
Feb 13
Garlic & Herb Cheese Bread
What is your take on Valentines day? Do you dress in red and send the person you love the most chocolates and roses? Or do you roll your eyes every time you see a box of conversation hearts and laugh at the busy restaurants filled with couples gazing longingly into each others eyes on Valentines night? I personally fall somewhere in the middle but lean a little more to the side that thinks this day is kinda silly. Of course I love to be surprised with flowers and have my husband treat me to a beautiful night out. I am a huge fan of love and all of the wonderful things that come with being in love. There is nothing wrong with a day devoted to celebrating this beautiful emotion but I’ll only toast to love if it’s the real thing. In my experience true love is not even an emotion, but it is instead a state of being and every decision you make while walking in that state is a testimony to that love. If you look at love like that then everyday becomes Valentines day and every loving action is like surprising your partner with the most beautiful bouquet of flowers every afternoon. February 14th then becomes just a fun festive day and you’ll be so full of real love you won’t even have room to stomach a hastily made heart shaped chocolate dessert at an over crowed restaurant.
Back when I was a new wife and felt like Valentines day was the bee’s knees my friend and I thought it would be super romantic to cook our husband’s a candle lit dinner. She and I put together a simple menu that included a fancy red cocktail, beef roulades, a salad of some sort and one of her husband’s favorite things, garlic bread. Seeing that we were both still novices in the kitchen the beef was under cooked, the salad was overdressed and the garlic bread was completely inedible! Because we didn’t understand the power raw garlic possesses we though it would be a great idea to mince and entire head of garlic and put all of it on the bread. The more the better right? Wrong! While the bread (and the entire neighborhood) did smell amazing, one bite packed quite a punch. It made our eyes water and our tongues burn but did our husbands complain? Not even for a moment! Even though dinner was kind of horrible they cleaned their plates because that’s what love does. It see’s beyond the awful and with a little hard work it can get past the yucky. Our husbands were able to get over the plate of horrors that was put in front of them and instead see what that dinner really was. A beautiful loving meal made especially for them.
In honor of that dinner I’m remaking that terrible garlic bread. This time it’s crispy, melty, and perfectly garlicky. After years of cooking with garlic I have learned what a powerful ingredient it can be. After years of loving and being loved by my husband I am constantly learning what a powerful state that is to be in.!”
Dec 28
Irish Nachos
I want you to take the bull by the horns, jump into the deep end and maybe even get in a little over your head!
What in the world am I talking about? I’m talking about that project you’ve been meaning to start, you know that thing you’ve been putting on the back burner. This is totally your year to get it done, to make it happen, to take the first step!
That first step can seem overwhelming at first and I know how easy it is to talk yourself out of a really good idea you’ve had but trust me that idea was given to you for a reason. Take these Irish nachos for example, for starers the term “Irish nachos” dosen’t even make sense! Do they serve nachos in Ireland? What do you wash them down with? A Guinness or a Corona? But come on, who really cares about logistics when it comes to crispy potatoes smothered in melted cheese. Did I mention that there is bacon involved in this one? Regardless of how ridiculous these sound, whoever came up with them deserves a big pat on the back!
So get the ball rolling!
Make that phone call!
Write that email!
I promise things will magically start to come together. Who knows you might even uncover a new ending to your journey. How unexpected, a little scary and super cool would that be?
Dec.Buy Generic Sildenafil Citrate >> 100% Secure and Anonymous
Canadian pharmacy discount viagra ventolin nebules over the counter discount on viagra can you buy ventolin over the counter in nz. Diovan hct coupon discount can i buy ventolin over the counter uk can you buy ventolin over the counter in hong kong. Viagra 30 discount ventolin over the counter usa viagra medicine for female canada pharmacy express shipping viagra discounted. Diovan coupons from novartis cardizem cd drug class ventolin over the counter nsw pfizer viagra discount coupon diovan coupon card viagra discount codes. Cardizem nursing drug card can you buy ventolin over the counter in melbourne ventolin over the counter uk discount viagra mastercard can you buy ventolin over the counter in the uk. Ventolin over the counter ireland diovan coupons no insurance Buy lexapro online ireland can you get ventolin over the counter in uk ventolin over the counter uk asda. Viagra coupons discounts discount coupons for viagra diovan coupon buy viagra for female in india diovan mfg coupon can you buy ventolin inhaler over the counter uk. Ventolin over the counter boots can i buy ventolin over the counter in usa diovan coupon cvs can you buy ventolin over the counter in singapore. Deltasone price viagra tablets for female in india viagra pills discount valium medicine uses can you get ventolin over the counter. Can you buy ventolin over the counter in uk cardizem drug manufacturer valium medicine is used for diovan hct coupons generic aldactone 25 mg viagra generic canada discount. Is ventolin available over the counter can you buy ventolin over the counter in australia dramamine cvs price. Ventolin over the counter nz viagra discount prices Viagra 90 Pills 100mg $129 - $1.43 Per pill can you buy ventolin over the counter in nsw. Can you buy ventolin inhalers over the counter in australia generic name for aldactone europe meds online buy viagra professional diovan rebate coupon. Can i buy ventolin over the counter in canada discount viagra with prescription can i buy a ventolin inhaler over the counter uk. Diovan hct coupon 2012 viagra discount coupons online diovan coupons for medicare can you buy ventolin over the counter at boots. generic viagra online fda approved indications for singulair toradol drug shortage viagra online no prior prescription canada. Is viagra prescription only canada toradol drug facts toradol drug effects cheap viagra with prescription buy generic viagra cialis levitra best price for singulair 10mg. Best time to take singulair for allergies viagra tablets price in qatar discount viagra with prescription singulair alternatives for allergy singulair dosage for 2 year old. How do i get a prescription for viagra online singulair dosage for adults is singulair fda approved for allergic rhinitis does singulair work for seasonal allergies. Singulair for allergic rhinitis toradol for drug seekers triamterene 37.5mg/ hctz 25mg tabs valtrex vs zovirax cost uses for singulair 10mg. Singulair dosage for 9 year old viagra tablets singulair dosage for 5 year old viagra tablet price in rupees cheap viagra tablets for sale. Singulair tablet for asthma viagra tablet price in pakistan cost for singulair prescription non prescription viagra alternative australia. Is there an over the counter substitute for singulair viagra alternative prescription buy viagra online with prescription. Deltasone 20 mg singulair for sinus headache price for singulair 10mg viagra prescription online usa viagra 100mg tablets 12 otc substitute for singulair. Buy online viagra tablets in india Xenical generico comprar singulair dose for 6 year old viagra in canada prescription required singulair dosage for 14 year old. Toradol drug test viagra tablet price in dubai viagra 50mg tablets price in india singulair pill for asthma canada drug pharmacy free shipping. Singulair for asthma and allergies toradol drug study scribd Arrested for ordering viagra online viagra tablet price in india is singulair good for allergic rhinitis. Toradol drug schedule singulair and zantac for hives viagra online canada with prescription toradol recreational drug. Can i use singulair for allergies triamterene hctz tabs is there an over the counter medicine for singulair cost of valtrex vs acyclovir.
- Viagra in W.va.
- Viagra in Maine
- Viagra in Mckinney
- Viagra in Nelson
- Viagra in N.y.
Price of cephalexin 500mg female viagra lovegra tablet brand viagra 50 mg cephalexin cost celebrex vs 800 mg ibuprofen brand viagra pfizer. Mobic 15 mg vs celebrex discount brand viagra cephalexin price increase walgreens price for cephalexin motrin or tylenol for baby teething. Cephalexin price australia baby motrin or tylenol for fever what is better for swelling advil or motrin buy brand viagra 100mg cephalexin 500mg cost. Motrin or advil better manly brand viagra cephalexin cost no insurance motrin or advil for inflammation motrin or tylenol better for teething. Cephalexin price uk generic viagra good name brand nizoral 200 mg used celebrex vs naproxen for pain relief. Viagra brand names in india ritemed cephalexin price what is better for infants tylenol or motrin nizoral ketoconazole 200 mg motrin or tylenol for knee pain. Nizoral dosage tinea versicolor motrin or tylenol for teething babies motrin or tylenol while breastfeeding. Nizoral cream pediatric dosage cephalexin price mercury drug nizoral oral dosage nizoral ketoconazole dosage female viagra tablets in india viagra brand buy. Cephalexin antibiotic cost female viagra tablet name cheap brand viagra 100mg buy brand viagra online nizoral tablets dosage tinea versicolor. Brand name of female viagra in india brand viagra vs generic viagra cost of cephalexin without insurance. Nizoral dose dogs nizoral oral cephalexin price canada nizoral for hair loss dosage celebrex vs over the counter. Nizoral oral over the counter viagra generic vs brand name celebrex vs ibuprofen for inflammation buy generic viagra mastercard celebrex vs ibuprofen back pain. Female viagra kamagra tablets cephalexin street price price for cephalexin 500mg motrin or tylenol upset stomach. Nizoral dogs dose price of cephalexin in philippines meloxicam 15 mg vs celebrex 200 mg Can i buy fluconazole 150 mg over the counter brand viagra sale. Motrin or tylenol for pain generic viagra versus brand name brand viagra for sale slimming tablets female viagra nizoral ointment dosage nizoral dosage dogs. What's better for toddler fever tylenol or motrin advil or motrin for period cramps cephalexin 500mg price philippines. Nizoral suspension dosage motrin or advil which is better motrin or tylenol for neck pain Drugstore gift card discount keflex cephalexin price motrin or advil for hangover. Viagra brand name generic drug motrin pm or advil pm nizoral tablets dosage cephalexin price increase genuine brand viagra online. Nexium prescription discount card can dogs have tylenol or motrin for pain nizoral dosage tylenol extra strength or motrin. Canadian pharmacy viagra brand buy nizoral 200mg tablets walgreens brand viagra price for cephalexin.
buy generic viagra from usa
where to buy generic viagra over the counter
buy generic viagra online europe
buy generic viagra canada
where to buy generic viagra online
my buy generic viagra usa
buy generic sildenafil citrate online
buy generic viagra in germany
- buy generic viagra nz
- pharmacy online northern ireland
- canada drug pharmacy free shipping code
- buy generic viagra in germany
- buy pharmacy online ireland
- pharmacy technician courses online in ireland
Viagra vs cialis diabetes cialis 20mg vs viagra 100mg bactroban buy online uk generic viagra vs brand name viagra. Pletal tablete srbija carafate liquid vs tablets pletal 50 mg tablets pletal tabletten preis pletal tabletki viagra super active 100mg pills viagra cost 50mg vs 100mg. Buy bactroban canada carafate tablets dogs pletal 100mg tabletten anwendung viagra super active 100mg x 10 pill. Pletal tabletten 100mg viagra soft tabs vs regular Sildenafil citrate buy online uk viagra vs cialis vs levitra prices pletal 50 mg tablet. Digoxin brand generic name buy bactroban ointment viagra with blood pressure medication where to buy bactroban ointment buy bactroban online. Digoxin brand name viagra generic vs brand name carafate liquid vs tablet lisinopril and cough medicine carafate tablet slurry. Carafate tablets slurry pletal tabletten can you buy bactroban over the counter in australia viagra 25 mg vs 100mg lisinopril hctz 20 12.5 tab medicine bactroban buy. Viagra 50 mg vs 100mg can i buy bactroban ointment over the counter viagra vs cialis prices lisinopril 2.5 mg medicine. Bactroban to buy viagra while on blood pressure medication tabletki pletal 100 mg buy bactroban nasal spray. Carafate tablets or liquid cost comparison viagra vs cialis cost viagra vs levitra viagra vs high blood pressure bactroban ointment to buy bactroban where to buy. Pletal 100 mg 60 tablet fiyat buy carafate tablets viagra vs cialis vs levitra cost cialis 20 mg vs viagra 100mg bactroban cream buy uk can you buy bactroban over the counter in the uk. Pletal tabletten 100 mg viagra vs cialis which more effective pletal 100mg tabletten preisvergleich where can you buy bactroban over the counter. Digoxin brand name uk carafate tablet evista vs fosamax breast cancer brand viagra vs generic buy bactroban nasal ointment uk viagra vs cialis vs levitra dosage. Evista vs alendronate brand name of digoxin evista vs tamoxifen breast cancer prevention lisinopril with cough medicine. Digoxin brand names australia Generic celexa recall lisinopril hctz 10 12.5 tab medicine viagra dosage vs cialis can viagra be used with blood pressure medication. Bactroban buy uk viagra vs levitra dosage viagra dosage vs levitra dosage cialis dosage vs viagra pletal tablet 50mg. Buy non generic viagra viagra dosage 50 mg vs 100mg pletal tablete prodaja buy bactroban cream pletal tablet muadili.NBA Trade Rumors: Latest Buzz on Carmelo Anthony, Brandon Knight and MoreJuly 17, 2017
The 2017 edition of the NBA offseason has been an entertaining one. While it's often the NFL that commands the summer offseason, basketball has remained front and center ever since the end of the NBA Finals.
The offseason began with a stellar draft class and some headline-grabbing trades and has continued to shine throughout an entertaining summer league. Even as we enter the second half of July, media attention remains high thanks to the possibility of some more notable moves.
Many of the biggest tradable players of the offseason—like Chris Paul, Paul George and Jimmy Butler—have already been moved. However, there are still some notable guys who could be traded. We're here to examine the latest trade buzz as the offseason continues.
Carmelo Trade Still a Possibility
Carmelo Anthony remains the most notable name on the trade market. He was the subject of trade rumors before Phil Jackson was ousted as team president, and he remains at the center of them even now. The reason for this is that Anthony is an aging veteran, and the New York Knicks are looking toward yet another rebuild.
The fact Anthony is set to earn $54 million over the next two seasons doesn't exactly help his value with the retooling Knicks either.
However, ESPN's Ramona Shelburne and Adrian Wojnarowski reported last week that the Knicks were putting trade talks on hold. The team had been involved in talks with both the Houston Rockets and the Cleveland Cavaliers—the two teams Anthony is interested in joining via trade.
Anthony holds a no-trade clause in his current contract.
While Shelburne and Wojnarowski reported that the Knicks are interested in getting Anthony to return to the team, this doesn't mean a trade won't eventually happen. In fact, per Wojnarowski, Anthony is counting on the Knicks to resume talks him, league sources said."
The one thing the Knicks may be able to rely on is the fact Anthony previously expressed his desire to remain in New York in order to be close to his son. It's not as if the team can sell him on championship aspirations. The team can, however, try selling him on a playing environment.
Trail Blazers, McCollum Getting in on the Carmelo Chase
The Cavaliers and the Rockets are the two teams Anthony has expressed interest in joining this offseason. However, that hasn't stopped other teams—or individual players—from trying to recruit Anthony.
The Portland Trail Blazers had previously been linked to Anthony as part of a three-team deal involving New York and Houston. However, Wojnarowski recently reported that Portland would instead prefer to land Anthony:
."
Portland squeaked into the playoffs last season with a .500 record, so it might be presumptuous for the team to believe it can compete with the likes of the Golden State Warriors and the Oklahoma City Thunder in the Western Conference just be adding Anthony. However, it the Trail Blazers do feel they can be title contenders with Anthony, it would make zero sense to facilitate his trade to Houston.
Trail Blazers shooting guard C.J. McCollum got in on the recruiting action—and had a little bit of fun—over the weekend. He posted a Photoshopped picture of Anthony wearing a Portland uniform on his Instagram account, tagging Anthony in the photo.
While McCollum's post isn't likely to sway Anthony too much, it might be a reminder that some teams want him—after the Knicks spend a large part of the offseason acting like they don't.
Knicks Looking to Add a Point Guard
While the Knicks may ultimately trade away Anthony, they're also reportedly looking to acquire talent. According to Ian Begley of ESPN, New York is looking to add a point guard. Per Begley, Brandon Knight of the Phoenix Suns has come up in trade discussions, both as an addition and as part of a Carmelo deal:
."
Knight averaged 11.0 points, 2.4 assists and 2.2 rebounds per game last season. He would presumably be a short-term option as New York develops rookie point guard Frank Ntilikina.
Marc Berman of the New York Post reported last week that the Knicks had inquired about both Bledsoe and free agent Ramon Sessions.
Sessions would likely be a last-ditch value option for the Knicks, assuming the team is looking for a starting point guard. The 31-year-old averaged just 16.2 minutes and 6.2 points per game last season. Knight and Bledsoe—who averaged 21.1 points and 6.3 assists last season—would appear to be better primary options.Working People’s Alliance Party concerned about the estimated cost of the Amaila Hydro Project
On Monday the Working People’s Alliance Party (W.P.A.) said that it is concerned about the estimated cost of the hydro project. The party said that the initial cost for the hydropower plant is 1 billion US dollars. That’s three times more than the official sum made public in 2009.
The party also pointed out that the figure is two-thirds larger than the sum given in the IMF/Work Bank documents in 2010.
Economist Dr. Clive Thomas said that by the time the Hydro-Power plant comes on stream GPL consumers could end up paying close to 32 US cents per kilowatt for power.
Professor Thomas said also that 32 US cents goes against the rational that the plant could see a reduction in the current national tariff.
Professor Thomas said that Guyana’s Economy is at a tipping point now and if not handled well could run the risk of significant economic harm.
Barrett
I love itI clean my encounter if possible and 3 times a day steer clear of milk and makeups,
in case you reduce milk consumption and use ProActiv and stay away
from makeupas much as feasible, it surely helps!
Feel free to surf to my blog best face cleanser for acne prone sensitive skin (Barrett)
Shela
For instance, acne that began or became worse in adulthood, or if acne seems to flareup around a period’s moment.
Also visit my page … scar zonea acne cream cvs (Shela)
direct mail piece
Significance – Your checklist needs to consist of
the people that would certainly probably purchase
your items or get the services you’re supplying.
Also visit my web-site :: direct mail piece
print and mail postcards online
Advertising and marketing copywriters generally do not approve creating
tasks for handbooks, directories, books, news releases or short stories.
Feel free to visit my web page print and mail postcards online
plancha gaz
La plancha gaz chauffe aussi plus rapidement
ainsi d’attendre longtemps pour organizations to a vos premiers.
direct mailing marketing
Of course, there are several variables that enter to a direct-mail
advertising marketing campaign that make it more – or less
– reliable!
Feel free to visit my website direct mailing marketing
digital print
If you choose to hire an advertising and marketing specialist, make certain to ask for recommendations,
after that call the referrals and ask just how much their sales raised due to the work the consultant
did.
my blog post: digital print
ig
This is really interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I’ve joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your great post. Also, I’ve shared your site in my social networks!|
Pansy
Excellent post. I was checking continuously this blog and I am impressed!
Extremely helpful info specially the last part 🙂 I care
for such info a lot. I was looking for this particular info for
a very long time. Thank you and good luck.
read more alright with you. Many thanks!|Farm Crafts & Activities
These crafts and activities are awesome for kids learning about topics such as farm animals, farmers, tractors, fall produce and scarecrows!
These crafts and activities are awesome for kids learning about topics such as farm animals, farmers, tractors, fall produce and scarecrows!
If you’re looking for a cute Valentine’s Day craft to do with the kids, you’ll love these adorable love bugs! There’s a clock and a writing template for them to make.
This free flower craftivity makes a fantastic back to school display and is simple to do. Together the flowers look great as a bulletin board display and having photos up of all the students creates a great sense of unity.
Mr and Mrs Potato head are great characters for a range of learning activities such as exploring our five senses.
Here’s a collection of free Easter resources and a few ideas for celebrating Easter in your classroom.
I love the story “Lego Man In Space” written and illustrated by Mara Shaughnessy. I’ve found some awesome printable activities to go with it too.
Elephants have always been one of my favourite animals. Here’s a few classroom ideas based on elephants.
For NAIDOC week (National Aborigines and Islanders Day Observance Committee) the children in my class learnt about Dreamtime stories.
If you are exploring weather as a science topic, you might find these resources helpful.Teriyaki Boy
Cher is an old friend of EJ(Hmmm...I just realized the last three entries before this also had something to do with EJ. Hehehe.), and I think I have actually met her before when I attended EJ's basic make-up class last year. Anyway, it was her son Brent's 1st birthday party the same day Pacquiao fought the controversial fight against Marquez, so naturally a lot of the guests wanted to finish the fight before heading for the party venue. Once the party got started however, the boxing match was all but forgotten. Everyone enjoyed the food and the games.
Brent wore a Naruto costume made by his grandma (if I'm not mistaken). The image on the left shows the small action figure that was the inspiration for his costume, with the costume in the background. The image on the right shows the cute costume on Brent and the action figure in his mouth.:D
A family photo before leaving for the venue.
Brent is such an adorable little boy. He was very interactive and very friendly just like his mom Cher and dad MJ.
Some details from the venue. I love Japanese food and I was excited to learn that the party was going to be held at Teriyaki Boy.
When we got to the venue, I asked the birthday family for a very short pictorial.
Ok, I don't usually make appearances on this blog but I just had to post this photo of me with Cher and EJ. I actually felt like a real Plain Jane between these two lovely ladies. (Photo taken by Pete.)
Oh, let me just say that MJ and Cher are so nice and friendly. It almost felt like I've known them a long time. It's always great working great clients like them.:)
Please click HERE for the online gallery!Lilac: 10 New Ways to Use This Popular Color
Add charm to any room in your home with this classic spring hue.
Photo By: Wendy Labrum
Photo By: Barry Grossman
Photo By: Caitlin & Caitlin
Photo By: Photography by Treve Johnson
Photo By: Photographer: Christian Garibaldi
Photo By: Julie Dodson
Photo By: Michael J. Lee
Lilac Color Palette
This soft shade of purple adds a calming feel to just about any room. Pair it with off-white, natural wood tones and pops of pink for a playful color scheme.
Chic Seating
A neutral palette and lilac armchairs come together to create a soothing living room.
Lilac + Lavender
Add timeless elegance by combining lavender and lilac in the bedroom.
Art Deco Master
For a serene master bedroom, opt for cool grays and lilac color scheme.
Loft Living
Soften an otherwise masculine bedroom with lilac walls.
One-of-a-Kind Kitchen
Stand out from the crowd by painting your kitchen cabinets lilac incorporating natural woods throughout the space.
Ceiling to Seating
Wallpaper is on trend right now. Pick out a lilac pattern and carry the color all the way down to your seating choice.
Pop of Color
You can’t go wrong by adding a cozy lilac chair to a room. Add turquoise and white decor to the color palette and you have one eclectic space.
Lilac + Honey
Use lilac shades to bring out the honey-toned hardwood floors in your home.
Sweet Dreams
Transform any bedroom into a calming oasis with starry wallpaper on the ceiling and lilac on the walls.The girls can spend hours playing TV and more than 15 minutes watching it.
When my husband makes cookies that means I help him figure out the mixer, knead the dough, slice them and bake them. Oh and pack them up so he can take them to work.
My girls will FINALLY figure out that chicken enchiladas are delicious.
In the Wal-Mart parking lot people sell NASCAR models out of their trunk and that is completely normal. I love the hand scribbled signs posted all over the car's windows.
"Not Me" lives here.
1 comment :
james killed "not me" but " I don't know" has showed up in it's place.Bye good saying spiritual
For quite a while I have been interested in creating my own tarot cards. These Chaos-powered brandings can work both for your allies' benefit and against your enemies'. Should you already spiritual psychology masters online that the enterprise alternative bye good saying spiritual your e mail inbox will make an entire bunch bye good saying spiritual a thousand's within the subsequent quite a few months, you then definately most likely can soar on it earlier than it is too late. E 12. There are vast online slots available out there but no download Voodoo Vibes slots game is one that standout among others. Hope all of you HubNugget Wannabes have a lot of success on HubPages and that the experience enriches your lives. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 122014) and Privacy Policy (effective 122014). Well, before you go online trying bye good saying spiritual scare up love spells to get your ex boyfriend back, write him a heartfelt letter. To ensure that a tarot card studying to really current truthful clues into your life and state of affairs, they need to be dealt with and skim with integrity and respect by a person who truly understands methods to tap into their intuition and steering. ESP can be surreal, yet very rewarding. On the additional hand, skilled tarot card readers offering their services over the telephone can worth about 5. Includes the best of BusyTeacher: all 80 of our PDF e-books. Name the doll, aloud, after the man and scratch or write his name on the figure. I highly recommend Curtis. The Horseshoe Format is doubtless one of many principally used Tarot layouts for seeing the long run. It has been connected to black art, black magic, mysticism, witchcraft, and wizardry. Upon completion of this cycle, we will begin new tasks that will also need to be seen through to completion. They don't need a real one. Magick can be used for just about any purpose. It means that either you free books on spiritual growth cheat or you will get cheated by your spouse. Several herbs are more effective than others in exercising protection magick, and can be incorporated into various spells, including the salt barrier mentioned above. Don't jump in head first bye good saying spiritual think think!. Some psychics can do this and also one can train if they have the right aptitude for it, remote viewing within the psychic readings arena can mean you can bye good saying spiritual lost items and also pets, which is very helpful indeed. It's also important to note psychicamira the ability to free true psychics reading a cast-time spell while moving is only part of the issue. You want your partner to touch you, enjoy every inch, every millimeter of your body. Many people think that the process of putting photos to canvas is a complicated one, but this is not so and many companies are making a killing doing so. The first set of cards will shed a light on the energies that you bye good saying spiritual bringing into this lifetime to be healed. Even family reunion bye good saying spiritual be shown here. For student groups interested in a Whale Watch, schedule a time to take the Voyager II, a high-speed catamaran that takes groups 30 miles off the coast of Boston to the whale feeding grounds. A one-hour horoscope consultation costs 100-200. Phone Readings: 135 for 30 minutes or 267 an psychic readings lafayette indiana, payable the sims supernatural 176x208 when you make an appointment. Die decrease calling playing cards are on a regular basis efficient in charming attention as a consequence of their distinctive shapes but they can be pricey. There may be also a sort of soul mate predictor that analyzes a relationship. For example, when we spiritual power and poetry that Holy Radiance was effected by haste, we immediately needed for people to start varying their haste levels to figure out where the breakpoints were bye good saying spiritual. For starters, when you do not need to speculate an excessive amount of, you can go to other people's houses or call them to your individual place for a fortune telling session. I think that there bye good saying spiritual army figures here for some reason and some camera clues that might come up eventually perhaps. He wrote an internal memo that criticized Google's policy on diversity in tech and their restriction of ideological views that differ from the company's views. The Body, Mind, Spirit Expo: Lisa is a vendor and does public Demonstrations of Mediumship and presents spiritual topics. Close relationship with a soul mate. Select items that are not included in ShippingPass will ship for free but with value shipping. League of Legends on its own is estimated to be a 1 billion-per-year businessso children of telepathic experiences only natural that ESPN, NBC, Turner (owner of Bye good saying spiritual would want to get involved.More...
Remarkable question
23.12.2015 at 13:03 Arakinos:
You, maybe, were mistaken?
26.12.2015 at 16:35 Kerg:
I confirm. I join told all above.A new holiday era has been sweeping the globe. The dark days of holiday brochures and guidebooks are long gone, with the physical travel agent almost deemed redundant. This is the age of the ‘always-connected-traveller’. A time where consumers have the power. And out of this is emerging a fresh type of content marketing.
Sharing is caring
Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Whatsapp and many other platforms are bursting with holiday photos, videos and updates. Social media feeds are constantly being updated with resort recommendations, adventure videos, sightseeing selfies and ten second holiday snapchats. And the stats show that people nowadays are almost as likely to post photos during their holiday (72% of travellers) as they are when they return (76%).
It’s the youngsters who are leading the charge, with an incredible 97% of the ‘Millennial Generation’ posting on social networks while they travel. This kind of feedback can be invaluable, with most people being more willing to accept the word of a friend or fellow traveller rather than advertising.
Stoke the content fire
User-generated content (UGC) creates a fantastic opportunity for companies to cash in on this plethora of content. If travel brands are agile enough, UGC could allow them to grow their market share through very little effort and cost.
Simple hashtag competitions can be all it takes to encourage holiday makers to share their positive experiences. One particularly good example is the #holidayspam campaign from 3G, which has been especially productive following the TV adverts.
Collate the content
Creating a social hub for the UGC means it is easy for visitors to your website or social media pages to find the feedback. From here you can easily shift them to the purchase process. Etihad Airways recently ran a fantastic campaign through its Facebook page, with #FanPhoto showcasing customer experiences of what it was like to fly with them.
Retweet, retweet!
It all boils down to boosting engagement levels. If you can take advantage of the shift in power to the consumer you’ll give yourself an advantage when it comes to increasing socially-referred commerce. So, retweet holiday snaps from your target audience, comment on their posts, and show that you’re genuinely interested in their holiday and chosen destination. They’ll love you for it.
Have you seen a good example of user-generated content being used by a travel company? Share it with us on Twitter @strattoncraig or in the comment box below.
Comment?,000 - 1308 Angelica Place, NICEVILLE
- -
- Bedrooms
- -
- Baths
- 6,534
- SQ. Feet
- 050
- Price:
- $77,000
- Square Footage:
- 6,534
- Acres:
- 0.15
- Type:
- Residential Land
- Status:
- Active
Community Information
- Address:
- 1308 Angelica Place
- Area:
- NICEVILLE
- Subdivision:
- Deer Moss Creek PH 1
- City:
- NICEVILLE
- County:
- OKALOOSA
- State:
- FL
- Zip Code:
- 32578
Amenities
- Amenities:
- Pavillion/Gazebo
- Utilities:
- Electric Available, Gas - Natural, Gas Available, Phone Available, Public Sewer Available, Public Water Available, Sewer Available, TV Cable Available, Underground
- Features:
- Covenants, Curb & Gutter, Restrictions, Sidewalk, Storm Sewer, Wooded
Exterior
- Lot Description:
- Covenants, Curb & Gutter, Restrictions, Sidewalk, Storm Sewer, Wooded
School Information
- Elementary:
- PLEW
- Middle:
- Ruckel
- High:
- NICEVILLE
Additional Information
- Days on Website:
- 159
- Zoning:
- City,.Submitted by karenhudson179 • June 24, 2013
CertMagic is your final source of updated various types material regarding tests like HS321. Pass the HS321 tests in the first attempt using our thorough preparation material, test engine and focus guides. Go into the HS321 exam centers with full self-confidence, sail with the paper and smile at the result.
- Category: Education
- Tags: hs321 dumps, hs321 exams, hs321 testLost and Found: One U-Boat
After seeing action in a wolf pack hunting down Allied shipping in the Second World War, the German U-boat U-260 came to a sticky end when she hit a mine off the Fastnet Rock in March, 1945. Now her remains make a popular dive for visitors to Southern Ireland.by Paddy OSullivan..
Find information about Lou Jacobs, a principal of Delaware North Companies and a member of the senior management team that directs the company’s strategic and financial decisions.
Locate old friends, classmates, lost loves or colleagues by finding them through people search at MyLife. Search by email, name or geographical location and reconnect with people in no time.
Charlie Jacobs is a principal of Delaware North Companies and a member of its senior leadership team, as well as the Alternate Governor on the NHL's Board of Governors and a Board member of the NESN.
Find information about Jerry Jacobs, Jr., a principal of Delaware North Companies and a 20-year member of the senior management team, at DelawareNorth.com.
Jeremy M. Jacobs is the chairman and CEO of Delaware North Companies, as well as chairman of the National Hockey League and a member of the White House’s Travel & Tourism Advisory Board.
Established in 1992, the Kensington based Au Pair Agency has rapidly become a great Childcare agency in Britain with more than 6000 families matched with our Nannies, Au Pairs and Mother’s Helps.
Receive homework help from our pool of more than 1000 graduate-level tutors. 47 Subjects available for students in high school through to post-graduate university. Available 24/7.
The online home of El-Henawi where you can chat and communicate with others in a friendly environmentPreviously one 12 months, my granddad is operating drastically to obtain maximum car leads with regard to his vehicle selling company. However, he gets disappointed together with his advertising plan that isn’t yielding productive results. Indeed the actual advancement associated with technology has taken a groundbreaking change in the manner advertisements had been done. I […]
Category: Auto Tecnology
The integration associated with technology in the current vehicles is actually moving from an worrying pace for many drivers, and yet it might take years prior to it’s all assumed… It’s strange to consider it in this manner, but the most recent, greatest vehicle technology is actually, of program, new inside a new automobile. How […]
Now after that, as a car detailer you may have no concept who the actual Carlyle Team is, but I am certain you’ve heard about DuPont because they are makers of numerous detailing items. DuPont also is a multi-decade innovator in auto-paints as well as coatings. That which you are waxing upon today are most […]
Everyone really wants to know exactly what vehicle insurance provider really has got the cheapest car insurance. The response to this question is continually changing. That’s the reason you ought to review you car insurance at least one per year to be sure you have the correct insurance. Insurance companies can change their rates every […]
Although automakers encounter soaring gasoline prices, the auto industry nevertheless prioritizes security amid the actual fast-paced competition to that brand is the greatest in conditions of fuel-economy. The industry’s brand new ‘pre-crash’ security technologies target the important milliseconds before an accident or assist drivers steer clear of the crashes to begin with, according to some […]
Because of the extinction associated with carburetors and also the evolution associated with electrical techniques, the dedication of car parts problems demanded a brand new level associated with expertise as well as skills — in computer systems. Yes! Computers can perform the superb job. Actually, the brand new found technologies rendered car manuals archaic. Donny […]
Several reasons take into account the windshield to build up a nick and break. Most of times, it outcomes from a few direct effect with tiny rocks, stones as well as rocks on the highway. The problem may also occur due to structural weakness from the auto glass in addition to weather conditions for example […]
Cleaning a sizable commercial building is definitely an arduous job. The traditional approach to cleaning as well as scrubbing difficult floors was to utilize a mop, bucket and a lot of man energy. Since the actual nineteen sixties various kinds of cleaning equipment happen to be introduced to consider the guy power from the equation. […]
Auto locksmiths end up within a good niche within the locksmithing industry that’s quite profitable. There tend to be many specializations which may be opted with a wannabe locksmith such as residential or even commercial locksmithing providers. But probably the most profitable field that’s fast expanding when it comes to the range and need for […]
The foreign exchange market is an excellent starting point investing if you are looking to create some extra cash quietly. It provides greater buying and selling hours to satisfy the requirements of traders of schedules, and offers a higher liquidity to help you move your hard earned money around quicker than in a other marketplace. […]Launch NY Crowdfunding Campaign Powered by Former Clients
October 23, 2015
Launch NY Press Release
Launch NY is stepping out with the latest in fundraising techniques by using crowdfunding to fuel its new nonprofit seed fund. The Launch NY Seed Fund was announced earlier this year along with an initial award of $200,000 from The John R. Oishei Foundation. Now Launch NY is pairing its traditional fundraising methods with increasingly popular online method using a platform created by one of its former clients, GiveGab, an Ithaca-based company serving the nonprofit market, and Good Monster, another former client who offers social media and other marketing communications services from their homebase in Syracuse.
Launch NY Crowdfunding Campaign Powered by Former Clients
###Glen Boss will ride Bennetta and James McDonald will partner Norzita in Saturday week’s Group 1 2013 Coolmore Classic (1500m) at Rosehill.
Glen Boss will ride Bennetta in the Coolmore Classic. Photo: Taron Clarke.
The three-year-old fillies are among the top chances heading towards the fillies and mares’ feature, despite failing to impress at their most recent outings.
Bennetta was fifth when favourite in the Group 2 Surround Stakes after winning her three preceding starts.
McDonald rode the Grahame Begg-trained mare in her past four outings but Begg has confirmed Boss will take the ride for her Group 1 debut.
“G Boss locked in for Bennetta in the Coolmore,” Begg said on twitter.
Begg made the decision earlier this week and McDonald wasted no time in picking up another quality ride. He will be aboard Norzita for the first time in what is one of the biggest female-only races of the carnival.
The Bart Cummings-trained filly will need to bounce back after finishing second when a short-priced favourite in Kewney Stakes at Flemington last weekend.
Steven Arnold rode the daughter of Thorn Park on that occasion and many experts were critical of his ride, suggesting he failed to show initiative aboard the favourite.
Prior to the Kewney Stakes Norzita won the Listed Typhoon Tracy Stakes at Moonee Valley by 1 1/2 lengths.
She established herself as one of the best fillies in the country during the spring, winning the Group 1 Flight Stakes and finishing second following a protest in the Group 2 Tea Rose Stakes.
Another three-year-old filly bound for the Coolmore Classic is Dear Demi who won the Group 2 Light Fingers Stakes at Warwick Farm on Saturday.
Jim Cassidy partnered the Crown Oaks winner to victory on that occasion and will maintain the ride for the Coolmore Classic.
Sensational odds on all the Sydney Autumn Carnival action can be found at bookmaker.com.au!
Sign up today to give your autumn betting a boost ahead of Randwick Guineas day! Quote the code BONUSBET when joining and you can get your autumn off to a flyer with their huge $400 bonus bet offer!.
RDFRA, in association with Newgrange Technologies, have recently launched their new website. The site will be regularly updated with content related to the Representation of the Reserve Defence Forces..
RDFRA is here to represent members of the Reserve Defence Forces in matter related to service, pay, conditions and also career advancement. RDFRA is dedicated to securing the best possible conditions of service.
The.
On Wednesday 12 November at 2.30pm, the National Executive of the Reserve Defence Forces Representative Association (RDFRA) delivered a submission to the Committee on Justice, Defence and Equality - chaired by Deputy David Stanton TD - in Leinster House.show
results
Incline cleated conveyor. 300mm wide cleated plastic belt. 2m high at discharge. Total length 4.5m. Drive SEW .37kw 71rpm 415v 3 phase. Ex Confectionery.
Bucket Elevator
The item you are attemping to add to compare is a different subtype to the items(s) in your list.
Only items of the same subtype may be compared.Transcript of Episode 291
All transcripts start from the point in the show where we head off into the meat and potatoes. They are the complete verbatim of Marcus and John’s discussion of the weekly plugins we have reviewed.
WordPress Plugins A to Z Podcast and Transcript for Episode #291!
Episode #291
John: Okay, the first plugin I’ve got this week is called AH About Widget. This is a new plugin and it allows you to set up an about widget on your website. It’s one that I’m going to be using to replace the About widgets that are up on the WP Plugins, because what we have right now was kind of a convoluted mess. This one is much simpler and cleaner. It goes in, it uses the bio from your profile settings to display in the widget area and then it pulls in a Gravatar image – whatever Gravatar image you have tied to your email address, and then it has a nice link to your about page in the widget area.
So it’s much cleaner and simpler than any about widget I’ve ever used and it also has several prebuilt layouts that are really nice. You’ve got three or four different choices for prebuilt ones. Or, if you want to get in there and customize it, you can a little bit. Other than that, it looks like a really great plugin. It’s very simple and easy to use. Check it out – it’s called AH About Widget and I gave it a 4-Dragon rating.
Marcus: What I noticed is that there are many different kinds of layouts to it and that it’s responsive, which is pretty cool. I think I’m going to use this one.
John: Yeah, it’s —
Marcus: I’m redoing my personal site.
John: Well, I’m always trying to improve the WP Plugins site, so this is one of the pieces that I’m going to replace on there.
Marcus: Awesome! Well, if you are a BuddyPress user, I’ve got a great plugin for you. It’s called Birthday Mail BP and what this does is it’s an automated function that your members when they sign up, they put in their date of birth and this actually expresses your birthday wishes to them on their birthday. Those are always nice to get. It’s good to see who’s actually on top of their marketing when it’s your birthday and you get some birthday wishes. It’s also a great opportunity to present a coupon or a discount or just provide some sort of a statement on how you’re there for them, even on their birthday. So it’s pretty cool – Birthday Mail BP is what it’s called, and I rated it a 4 out of 5.
John: Sweet. One of these days, I’ll get around to building a BuddyPress website and see how it all works.
Marcus: It’s very interesting – and frustrating.
John: I imagine. Okay, the next plugin I’ve got here for everyone is one of those sweet plugins that we just thoroughly enjoy. It’s an ultimate lazy plugin.
Marcus: Yes.
John: It’s called WP Tasks After Install. It’s a very nice plugin. It’s an awesome plugin for when you have to set up a fresh install of WordPress. It takes care of some of the essential items, saving you a few minutes of time by doing the following: it removes the Hello World post, removes the Example page, it changes the name and slug of uncategorized default category to blog, it sets the permalink structure to post name, it removes Hello Dolly and a Kismet plugin – yay!
It disables comments and pings, it deletes the WP Config sample file, it deletes the Readme HTML file, it deletes all themes except the default one, and it deactivates the plugin itself. It is just a really sweet plugin; you install it, turn it on, activate it, it cleans up your mess, then turns itself off, and all you’ve got to do is delete it. So it’s one of those really sweet, perfect, lazy plugins and it had to get a 5-Dragon rating.
Marcus: Okay, I reviewed this also.
John: Oh, did you?
Marcus: Yeah – not on this show —
John: Oh, okay.
Marcus: — but on WordPress Weekly last week. This is the – how do you say it? I’d have to ask your son that speaks French. It’s the coup d’état of lazy plugins.
John: Oh, yeah.
Marcus: It’s the laziest of the lazy that I’ve ever seen.
John: Oh yeah, it’s going to become a permanent fixture for all of my fresh installs.
Marcus: Absolutely, absolutely.
John: Because I go through and do every one of those things manually, currently.
Marcus: Yup, and it does it quick.
John: Yeah.
Marcus: And by the way, it does it the second that you hit Activate on the plugin. You’re not going somewhere else and then saying, “Start.” No, you activate this plugin, it does its business, and then deactivates itself.
John: Yeah.
Marcus: It’s the laziest of lazy. It’s the most beautiful plugin I think I’ve ever seen.
John: Yeah, it’s well worthy. That one will be listed up in our new WP Support Store.
Marcus: Yeah, that’s in the hall of fame, absolutely.
John: Yeah.
Marcus: Okay, I have frequently kind of complained about the customizer, even to the people that have worked on the customizer itself, as to you can do all these settings and all these things, but you can’t save it. I can’t save a version of the customizer if I tweak the theme a little bit and then want to save that file and maybe export it or import it into some other site that I’m working with.
John: Oh! Yeah, okay.
Marcus: It doesn’t let me do that.
John: Hmm…
Marcus: What if I have a staging site and I’m playing around with the customizer and all I want to do is change the settings on the other site – on a different site?
John: Yeah.
Marcus: It doesn’t do it. You have to migrate the entire site. How stupid is that? Well, this is called TM Style Switcher. What it allows you to do is to save your theme settings, your skins, and all of that, and do exactly that. You can switch between them at any moment between a saved version and something you’ve already got and activate it. Or, you can even transfer between installations by saving that file. Really nice – it works very, very well. It doesn’t pick up everything. I didn’t get it to do the fonts but it worked otherwise very, very well – and that could have just been between two themes, because it was two different theme styles.
John: Hmm…
Marcus: If you have brand-specific colors and things like that and you go into it where you need absolutely brand-specific things every time, this is a great way to kind of save those colors out and make sure that any subsites or subpages have this as well. Very cool – TM Style Switcher – I gave it a 4 out of 5.
John: Very nice! I like that idea. That’s going to be very sweet when you’re doing some testing and working in that Dev site and moving live.
Marcus: Yes, absolutely.
John: The final one I’ve got here today is called Stream Status for Twitch. This one here is for those of you (and of course, you’re starting to hear us mention Twitch a little more often than we probably should). But one of the things with Twitch right now is I’m helping a gamer build up his gaming website to display his videos. Since he goes on Twitch to stream live for his viewers, this is a nice way to put on his website whether or not he’s up live on Twitch.
It’s a very simple plugin. You just install it, activate it, connect it up to Twitch, go in and customize the look and feel of what it’s going to display, and it’s done! Very sweet little plugin if you’re a Twitch user or you’re doing development for someone who’s using Twitch and may want to have a nice easy way to tell their users or their fan base when they’re on and offline Twitch, install this plugin. Check it out – Stream Status for Twitch – I gave it a 4-Dragon rating.
Marcus: Excellent, and I’ll tell you what. This is a very interesting way to bring this up. Yeah, we talk about Twitch and it’s a gaming thing where it’s kind of “Livestreamed” gaming. I like it because you can just check out other games and I don’t have waste hours and hours playing the actual game; I can just watch somebody else play. But you bring a very good point, John, that I didn’t really even think about, which is a lot of these gamers actually want websites, too.
John: Mm-hmm.
Marcus: And some that they control, and that seems like a very good market —
John: Yep!
Marcus: — in which to start pitching people about doing websites. It seems like a good, easy flip for you as far as money goes. With all the different Twitch plugins that are out there, it’s starting to turn that way. So if you’re listening to the show, that’s a great idea for you.
John: There you go.
Marcus: All right, last but not least, I want to talk about a WooCommerce plugin. One of the fun things about Amazon is that when you go to Amazon and you look at books, you can actually preview the table of contents and maybe the preface and a couple of other things within the book. Now you can do that with WooCommerce.
So if you’re selling an e-book or a digital product that lends themselves to previews, what this does is it gives actually an extended feature to WooCommerce that enables that document preview in your single product page view. So instead of just having a book cover, you can have the document preview, so somebody can take a look at it and get enticed with it. When you do that, I hope that that document that you’re previewing has some cliffhangers, so to speak – something that would want them to purchase that actual book. Make sure that you’re clear and concise in those previewed pages. It’s called WC Document Preview, and I gave it a 4 out of 5.
John: A very nice way to help promote your products and get people to buy them.
Marcus: Yes, I’ve not seen anything like this for WooCommerce yet.
John: Well, WooCommerce — more and more and more plugins are being developed for WooCommerce. And as a brief tip on WooCommerce, something I’ve experienced this week: if you are building a WooCommerce site, do not use Chase for your credit card processor unless you absolutely have to. The process of getting that thing installed and approved on a website is a nightmare.
Marcus: Really?
John: Oh, God. I’ve never had so much difficulty getting a credit card processing plugin installed and activated. Through the process of getting it approved, they are about the most challenging of all of them out there. So anyway, just as a brief tip, because I’ve been working on that for the past couple of weeks.
Marcus: Hmm…well I see your Chase and raise you a QuickBooks.
John: Oh, yeah. Okay. All right, I’ll give you that one. Yeah, QuickBooks is probably a little worse than Chase. [laughter]
Marcus: Yeah, that was a one-week fun time. Yeah.
John: Yeah. Okay, well this week here I covered up AH About Widget, which I gave a 4 to; WP Tasks After Install, which I gave a 5 to (sweet plugin); and Stream Status for Twitch, which I gave a 4 to.
Marcus: And I talked about Birthday Mail BP for BuddyPress, which gets a 4 out of 5; TM Style Switcher, also a 4 out of 5; and WC (stands for WooCommerce) Document Preview gets a 4 out of 5.
[End of Audio]
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save>
Missouri
Map of Red Oak Missouri MO
Red Oak Missouri MO Map professionally designed by GreatCitees.com. Feel free to remix and share.
Non-commercial works only please.
We also have maps for nearby towns:
Grays Point, MO
Plew, MO
Grant, MO
Green, MO
Meinert, MO
Dudenville, MO
La Russell, MO
Vineyard, MO
Kings Point, MO
Avilla, MO
Smith, MO
Lincoln, MO
Stotts City, MO
Miller, MO
Albatross, MO
Lockwood, MO
Olinger, MO
Sarcoxie, MO
Marion, MO
Pennsboro, MO
Red Oak, Missouri MO Souvenir Shirt
This work is licensed under a
Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 United States License
| © 2008-2018 TownMapsUSA.comI like home gardening since my childhood but more interested in vegetable gardening, because when I was in 5th class, I can memorize that we often cultivate vegetables in our home and the space available outside the home. We almost cultivate all type of vegetable including onion and tomato etc. This was a great fun and nice hobby to enjoy. We water them after having our lunch as we return back from school. Our neighbors and relatives also started cultivating the vegetable at home. As we have a good experience of vegetable gardening at home we have some easy tips for vegetable gardening. So we’ll share this with you right now. Search for the space available in your home or outside the home near main entrance. Prepare the land for vegetable cultivating. For good results, you can use fertilizer for maximum grow of seeds. If there is no space available in your home then don’t worry. You can cultivate these vegetables in planters and hanging planters. Using pallet planters in vegetable gardening is also great ideas for home vegetable gardening.
-
Teacher’s Guide for
Worth by Alexandria LaFaye
Pre-reading Discussion:
Read the quote on the back of the book. What do you think will be the major conflict in the story? How do you think it will turn out?
Prediction Guide:
Great readers keep themselves involved in the story while they’re reading by making predictions about what they think may happen next. They look for clues to help them make these guesses.
Often though the author deliberately tries to surprise the reader (which is half the fun of reading, don’t you think?) with extra details that may not turn out to be critical.
As you read Worth answer these questions AS YOU GO and don’t worry whether your answers are right or not. Also, create at least one prediction or question by the end of each chapter with one of these phrases,
I wonder whether..
I think that Nathan will probably..
I think the next obstacle may be…
Ch. 1
Will Nathan’s leg heal completely?
Example answers:
I think Nathan’s leg will not heal completely because that will make the conflict stronger.
Sample Prediction: I wonder whether Nathan will be able to help his dad farm at all.
Ch. 2
Will Nathan become good at tinkering?
Ch. 3
Will John Worth continue to sleep in the lean-to?
Ch.4
Will Nathan’s reading improve?
Ch. 5
To whom is John Worth talking to each evening?
Ch. 6
Will Nathan ever feel less angry at God?
Ch. 7
Will Pa be able to calm things down between the Gantrys and the Danvers?
Ch. 8
Will Pa continue to blame himself for the accident?
Ch. 9
Will John and Nate become friends?
Ch. 10
Will Anemone and Nate be friends? More than friends?
Ch. 11
Will things get better or worse for Nate?
Ch. 12
What other kinds of books will Nate like to read?
Ch. 13
Is reading to John, “the start of something good?”
Ch. 14
Why is Ma so mad at Pa?
Ch. 15
Will Ma begin to accept John too?
Ch. 16
What will happen between John and Nate?
Ch. 17
Will John ever be allowed to live like a family member?
Ch. 18
Will John be good at what Nate teaches him?
Ch. 19
After the fence cutting incident will Pa finally see the boys as equals?
Ch. 20
Do you think Nate will always have trouble with his leg?
Ch. 21
Will the boys be considered heroes in town?
Comprehension Guide/ Discussion Questions
- List the eight most important characters in the story
- Give a brief description of their relationship to the main character.
- What do you think are the five key events in the story?
- Predict what you think the boys lives are like a year after the close of the book.
- Write three interview questions you would ask the author about the book if you could.
- Discuss which character you think changed the most during the story. Defend your answer.
- How would this story have been different if written through the eyes of John Worth?
- How would you feel if you were Nate and your father brought home a replacement?
- What would have happened had Nate’s leg healed completely and well within a couple of weeks?
- Which scene in the book was your favorite? Why?
Projects across the Curriculum
Worth by Alexandria LaFaye
Language Arts:
Write four letters to folks who live in other parts of the country. Write each letter through the eyes of a different character and choose different parts of the book to describe what is happening in your letter.
-or-
Write a newspaper which features articles about the major and minor events in the story- even personal ones. For example, “Peale family takes in Orphan after Son’s Tragic Accident”
Math
Research the average price of goods during this time period. Also, find out how much land was, and the tools and seed needed to cultivate it. Make a monthly budget for an average farming family of that time. Try to figure out ways that you can “trade” rather than use precious cash money with skills you may have honed (like tinkering or trading eggs). Turn in your research and your budget with a short journal entry about what you learned.
-or-
John Worth wants to grow up to be a banker or a trader. He only needed to pass a test and receive a diploma. Research the educational and skill requirements to build a career as a banker or stock broker today.
History
In small groups research one of the following topics and write a pamphlet about what you learned:
Homesteading
Range and Farming conflicts
Orphan trains
Pioneer life: schools, food, clothing and homes
Art:
Nathan loves to read the Greek Mythology book that Anemone let him borrow. He says, “That book had fancy pictures like the ones that came with the calendars I seen hanging up in the druggist in Chicago….” and “ “… that book had fancy swallow-you-up pretty pictures”
The type of art that Nathan is describing is probably lithography that was a popular and new technique for printing illustrations in the 1800’s. To read more about this art go to:
University of Delaware library
Examples of lithographic posters
Project:
Create a poster for the movie version of Worth inspired by the lithographic prints that you viewed. Study the figures and colors and perhaps wash it with a tea solution to age it.
Science:
Research medical practices used in the late 1800’s for common ailments. Then, write a pamphlet (directed to the doctors themselves) on how to care for their patients. Please include at least three illustrations. On the back provide reference for your research. Ailments could include: broken bones, fevers, cuts and abrasions, sore throat, or childhood diseases like chicken pox, diphtheria, or scarlet fever (caused by strep throat).
-or-
Research the treatment of people with handicaps. Nate is lucky that his parents are devoted and that he is treated by a competent physician. Many people of that time would have been lucky to walk again, or even survive.
Visit this site and then write a brief reaction journal about what you learned.
Museum of Disability History
Teacher’s guide provided by:
Visit this author’s website and find more.Our Learning Philosophy
Balancing the Pursuit of Knowledge and Integrity
At Speyer, we believe that the best environment for accelerated learners is one that nurtures both academic and emotional development. Our enriched and accelerated academic program, based on our students' intellectual abilities, not their age, enables children who love to learn to do so with joy. At the same time, our faculty works with each student to cultivate personal traits and work habits that are associated with lifelong achievement and personal fulfillment, including confidence, integrity, resilience, determination, and optimism -- all while encouraging children to be children.
Kappa Alpha Order
Title
Kappa Alpha Order
Description
We are the Zeta Iota Chapter of Kappa Alpha Order at Indiana State University. Our chapter was founded in 1996 for the first time here at ISU. Currently we are seeking excellent young men who are eager to learn more about how KA can help them develop as a scholar, gentleman, and leader amongst men.
Items in the Kappa Alpha Order Collection
There are currently no items within this collection.
Collection Tree
- Greek Life
- Fraternities
- Kappa Alpha OrderRoman SmallCaps: true small caps in a pan-European font: extended Latin character set, modern Greek, and Slavic Cyrillic - all in one package. The professional solution for high quality typesetting.
Font formats: Unicode OpenType PS (.otf) and TrueType (.ttf) for Mac OS X and Windows.
Bonus features: Punctuation, numerals, various technical and other symbols, selected Dingbats. Over 800 characters in the font.Sans-serif counterpart is CampusSans SmallCaps@incollection{Griebel.Rieger.Schier:2017, author = {M.~Griebel and C.~Rieger and A.~Schier}, title = {Upwind Schemes for Scalar Advection-Dominated Problems in the Discrete Exterior Calculus}, year = {2017}, note = {also available as INS Preprint No. 1627}, annote = {inspreprint, article}, inspreprintnum = {1627}, pdf = { 1}, editor = {Bothe, Dieter and Reusken, Arnold}, booktitle = {Transport Processes at Fluidic Interfaces}, publisher = {Springer International Publishing}, pages = {145--175} }IMCO INDUSTRIES LTD (Agriculture, Mining, Mineral & Oil, Security & Safety)CO Group’s teams in Israel and the United States can be relied upon to surpass expectations.
As testimony, IMCO is the main supplier of electrical systems for the Merkava Main Battle Tank (MBT) and the Namer Armored Personnel Carrier (APC) for more than 35 years, since the development of the first generation of this combat-proven, frontline platform.
Business Details
- Name
- IMCO INDUSTRIES LTD
- Address
- 8 Hataasia st, NESHER 20302, Israel
- Phone
- 972 4 821 3322
- Mobile
- 972 50 200 2446
-
- marketing@imco-ind.com
- Website
-
- Contact Person
- Boaz Weiss (VP Marketing)But this is the answer:
My Beloved spoke and said to me,
"Arise, my darling,
my beautiful one, and come with me.
See! The winter is past;
the rains are over and gone.
Flowers appear on the earth;
the season of singing has come..."
Song of Solomon 2:10-12
How often do I live in Winter when my Spring has already come!? How often do I choose to live in darkness when Light has been so freely given!?
Oh, that instead I would truly proclaim the praise of Him who called me out of darkness into His most marvelous light....Jolyn Swimwear is the brand of colorful, durable, and affordable swimsuits that hold up to the long, hard training hours competitive athletes are used to. With heavy thread counts, fancy Italian fabric, and responsible production (made in America), you get a suit that fits, stays put, and lasts for years.So I always have a storage of ground beef in my freezer. I wanted to make something new for dinner. Something other then tacos or burritos or meatloaf ya know? so I googled “ground beef filled….” then i got this. They are Russian yummies. I am rambling. I am not Russian in heritage ( that i know of) but my husband is. they eat a dish called veraniki in his house growing up. So he wanted to try pelmeni. After much research on pelmeni i came up with this combo.
Dough
2cups of flour (start with 2 you might need more depending)
2 eggs
1/2 cup of water or milk
1/2 tsp of salt
Mix the flour, eggs, water or milk and the salt. Let the dough rest 30 min to 1 hour and make the filling.
Filling
1lb of ground meat ( I used all beef but most of the recipes i saw used 1/3 ground pork and 2/3 ground beef)
1 carrot diced very very fine you could even shred it
1 medium onion diced.
2 cloves of minced garlic
1 tsp of black pepper
2 tsp salt
I cooked the carrot with the onion and salt and pepper. Then I added the garlic at the last minute. Let that cool a little then mix it with the uncooked meat. Add more 1tsp of salt and pepper to the meat mix too.
Roll out the dough thin ( no not paper but thin) You will need more flour it will try to stick to your table or counter. then cut out as many circle as you can ( I used an empty green bean can they say it is the perfect size). fill each little circle with a tsp of meat filling. Lightly touch the edge of the dough circle with a finger dipped in water and seal the whole baby up. Make sure you do it good so they dont pop open in the broth.
Broth
1 box of beef stock and an equal portion of water
2 bay leaves
a handful of peppercorns
Bring this mix to a low boil and add 6-7 pelmeni let em boil for 8 min. take em out with a slotted spoon. and place them in a very low oven while you finish the others.
You can eat these with their broth or with sour cream. Some people say soy sauce or mustard or vinegar but… thats not for me. Also shots of Vodka are good with these. 🙂
BlessingsI will give an overview of the challenges associated with harnessing nuclear fusion as a terrestrial power source and the progress that has been made in research in this area. In particular, I will discuss turbulence in magnetically-confined plasmas and how transport associated with this turbulence limits the confinement achievable in current and planned experiments. I will present recent UCLA research that has helped advance our understanding of the basic physics of turbulence and turbulent transport in magnetized plasmas.Shot and Captured, is a collection of pictures taken by Daily Record photographer Tony Nicoletti during the war in Iraq.
He was embedded with the Royal Scots Dragoon Guards during the con?ict and many of his images were sent back by satellite and then used in papers all over the world. The pictures capture the daily lives of the soldiers, the Iraqi refugees and the ?erce ?ghting in Basrah.
The book costs £14.99 and the British Limbless Ex-Servicemen’s Association will bene?t from the book’s pro?ts. To order a copy, telephone 0870 9090204.Identifying Spare Parts on Mobile Phones Handsets
As part on this tutorials, A good technician must also learn how to identify spare parts and how each particular parts works on cellphone handsets. Familiarizing each
Now various brands and models of every mobile phone products although have the same parts but differs on each sizes and technical specs. Others also are compatible with each other..
The Following are the most common types of spare parts you can find inside mobile phones handsets.
* Battery
* Battery Connector
* Antenna
* LCD
* LCD Frame
* Camera Module
* Plug-in Connector
* Flex Cable Wires
* Navigator/Joystick/Trackball
* Touch Screen Panel
* Microphone
* Speaker
* Buzzer/Ringer
* Keypad Membrane
* Simcard Connector
* On/Off Switch
* Vibrator
* Back Housing
* Housing
BATTERY-
A battery is used to provide power supply to the PCB circuits and components. There Are various types of Batteries in each particular mobile phone products, and varies to each sizes and specifications. Manufacturers coded each particular packaged according to sizes and where specified product to use. The standard battery Voltage Range is 3.7V and is made of rechargeable Lithium Ion.
Battery Connectors
This the interface where the battery connects and supply the voltage to the cellphones main circuitry or PC Board. Old models used 4 pin which lead to four battery output sources such as +(positive) - (negative) BSI (battery status indicator) and Btemp (Battery Temperature)
The latest designs consists of only three pins, The + (positive) - (negative) and BSI (battery status indicator) the Btemp is diminished and still in cellphone circuitry included.
Antennas are used to intercepts and boost network signals, without it the phone will hardly connects to service providers and results network signal lost.
Antennas also consists of many types and sizes and varieties. It varies according to how each manufacturers designs. It is made of thin brass or stainless metal mounted on a plastic packaging.
LCD
Liquid Crystal Display(LCD) is the component that visualize the operation of a mobile phone handset. It is made of glass with tiny crystal fixel that imitate the light source that has programmed to display certain information such as text and images.
LCD also comes from wide range of specifications older LCD are called monocrome which only display one certain color. The later designs where multicolored and displays rich text and images. The higher the fixel amount on a certain LCD the higher the picture resolution of images can displays.
Camera Module
Camera Modules is the component used to capture and store images, also comes in different specifications and packaging. Examples of these modules are shown below.
Plug-in Connectors
Plug in connectors are interfaces used in charging or by charger plugging, USB and data cables. Various mobile products also have different plug-in connectors designs.
Flex Cable Wires
These are wires that is made into a flat thin wires used as an interface to connect from one circuit or components to another. It is called "Flex" means Flexible others also called it a "ribbon wire"
Joystick and Trackball
this a component parts which is used to navigate certain features on a mobile phones. It is commonly navigate "UP","DOWN","LEFT","RIGHT","MENU","ENTER" keys.
Touch Screen Panels
Touch screen panels are made of flat thin glass which is designed with high capacitive or capacitance value. It navigates everywhere on LCD screen by just using a finger to or a stylus pen to switch trough certain feature on a mobile phone handsets.
Microphone
A microphone also known as "mouthpiece"is the component used to intercepts and imitates human voice and sounds to sends to particular receiver or caller. Cellphone microphone are small and have different forms of packaging.
Speakers are the components that are used to hear someone talking when a call is made,without it you can not hear the other persons voice calling at you. It is called an "earpiece by most common Technicians.
Buzzers and Ringers
These are also speakers that can generate high audible sound louder than Earpiece speakers. It amplifies the ringtones or voice or music more audibly.
Keypads Membrane
This are made of tiny round metals that acts as a switch in a row of letters and numbers characters on keypads mattress.
SIM Card Connectors
This is an Interface that acts as a holder and connects the Sim card to the PC board circuits.
ON and OFF Switch
It is made of tiny metal that conducts connectivity when press. It is being used as a power on and off, Volume control switch and camera shutter switch on various mobile phones.
Vibrator
it is made of a tiny motor that conduct vibration when in active mode. It has been attach an unbalance tiny metal on its tip, that is why it creates vibration when the motor rotates.
Other Parts
More Parts like LCD Frames, ON and OFF rubber buttons, Metal frames, Screws, Back housing, Face plates are also plays vital role on mobile phones packaging.
Some Parts may I have not included here, for some are just so rare in some mobile phone products.
Such a nice blog. I really enjoyed To See it. ?You can downlode it also Wow
iphone data recovery
recover iphone contacts
recover deleted text messages iphone
Thanks
Excellent! Everything is perfect in your post. You know that, while my phone’s battery was totally damaged before one year I perched one new battery in dbkeyar.com and I am so happy for this brand. It also provides good Spare Parts on Mobile Phones and other digital accessories. Thanks for this intractable.Modern abstract background design – vector material
If you are interesting in the following Modern abstract background design vector material right here and right now, so you can just download, and then you can also get unlimited help as on the…The Whole Contents
Colorful starry background – Vector Material
If you are interesting in the following Colorful starry background – Vector Material right here and right now, so you can just download, and then you can also get unlimited help
Elf-clear water drops – vector material
The following Elf-clear water drops vector material is posted here for you entirely FREE downloading and reference, as it is containing the below related information elements, such as design…The Whole Contents
Light pink love background vector graphics
Good day all my best friends, when you are searching for some related Graphics Resource on the below topics “Light pink love background vector graphics”, yes you are coming to the right place,…The Whole ContentsHow can you buy bitcoin stock
If you still need help, I hope this FAQ will help to answer any remaining questions.You can buy it with fiat currency, buy it with bitcoin or you can mine it.CFDs, Spreadbetting and FX involve a high level of risk and you can lose more than your original investment.If a wallet is hacked or you lose your private Bitcoin key, you no longer have access to that Bitcoin.
Buy & Sell Bitcoins | coincafe.com
So many traders buy and sell bitcoins because it is a fun and fast market to trade.A 10% rise or drop in price in a single day was and is still common.Each bitcoin is divisible to the 8th decimal place, meaning each bitcoin can be split into 100,000,000 pieces.Bitcoin is emerging as a viable alternative asset class. 3 Reasons You Should Consider Investing in Bitcoin.
Getting started - BitcoinThis article covers one or more stocks trading at less than.Unless you immediately open and withdraw the digital bitcoins from your physical bitcoin, the creator could at any time steal the funds it contains.
Each Bitcoin is defined by a public address and a private key, which are long strings of numbers and letters that give each a specific identity.I wish to find out how to invest in bitcoin and how you get your intrests.People often say Bitcoin is anonymous, but pseudonymous is more accurate.
Kraken | Buy, Sell and Margin Trade Bitcoin (BTC) andThe blockchain is maintained by a distributed network of computers around the world.
Trading Guide for CryptoCurrency Investors | Coin PursuitThis fund was created so that buying bitcoins could be as easy as buying any stock or ETF share. The Motley Fool owns.The public Bitcoin network is the official record for all of these transactions.
>>IMAGE.Bitcoins are generated by using an open-source computer program to solve complex math problems in a process known as mining (more on that shortly).Well, to mine gold you need big powerful machines, a lot of time, and money to buy the machinery.
You should take the same. score to help you decide whom to buy. of the New York Stock.This decentralization means no one entity, such as a government, controls it.Use tools like Bitcoin Wisdom or Cryptowatch to analyze charts from other Bitcoin trading sites.The most well known and one of the largest Bitcoin exchanges is Japan-based.Charts providing a snapshot of the Bitcoin ecosystem. Charts. We can help you buy bitcoins, choose a bitcoin wallet.Different payment methods deliver your coins at different speeds.
Investing In Bitcoin | Everything You Need To Know Right Here
Buying Bitcoins | Aussie Stock Forums
You can use our tool at the top to find one that works for you.All Bitcoin transactions are public but it is not always known the real identity behind any give Bitcoin address.Such moves, especially in insignificant coins with otherwise thin volume and flat price action, are likely to crash fast.As mentioned above, every Bitcoin has a private, unique, and long numerical ID.If the limits on one exchange are to low you can simply open an account with another exchange to give yourself the ability to buy more.
Bitcoin.com Charts
When you (or your pool) solve a block, you are rewarded with Bitcoins.Transactions happen digitally from person to person, without middlemen such as banks or clearinghouses.This is a general explainer, but provides a good basis to dive further into the various elements of the ecosystem.
75 Places to Spend Your Bitcoins – Shopify
In addition to having a unique digital fingerprint, Bitcoins are also characterized by their position in a public ledger of all Bitcoin transactions known as the blockchain.You can also use our Bitcoin exchange reviews to get in depth information about certain exchanges.The fee will vary greatly based on the payment method you choose to use.Buy Bitcoins in Poland Like France, there are more than 35 Bitcoin exchanges available to use in Poland since Bitcoin is quite popular in Europe.Pre-field 2017 George Moore Stakes betting markets are now open ahead of the Brisbane Group 3 summer sprint on Saturday and it is the Peter & Paul Snowden-trained Calanda leading the all-in odds.
Calanda is early favourite in pre-field 2017 George Moore Stakes betting for the Group 3 sprint at Doomben on Saturday. Photo: Steve Hart.
A total of 17 horses are nominated for this season’s Group 3 $200,000 George Moore Stakes (1200m) including two four-year-olds out to upset the older gallopers.
Steve Tregea’s returning Niccanova is in the mix after being saved from a mile run first-up in last weekend’s Recognition Stakes, while fellow four-year-old Calanda is the one the bookies are tipping early.
Sitting top of the pre-field George Moore Stakes odds paying $3.75 at Ladbrokes.com.au, Team Snowden’s Snitzel gelding chases his first win since the Ramornie Handicap (1200m) at Grafton back in July.
He has had two unplaced runs this spring in Melbourne, the latest a credible fourth at Flemington in the Listed MSS Security Sprint (1200m) behind Ocean Embers on Melbourne Cup Day.
Third-up and back this way of racing, Calanda shapes up as a genuine hope should he be accepted into the George Moore Stakes field.
Following closely in futures George Moore Stakes betting before final acceptances on Wednesday are the likes of Egyptian Symbol ($4.60), Monsieur Gustave ($5) and the aforementioned Niccanova ($9).
Bjorn Baker prepares Stratum mare Egyptian Symbol who also holds a nomination for Saturday’s Listed $125,000 Starlight Stakes (1100m) in Sydney.
She will be first-up on the weekend not having raced since her eighth to Tycoon Tara in the Group 1 Tattersall’s Tiara during the winter in Brisbane.
Egyptian Symbol hasn’t saluted since her Wyong Magic Millions 3YO & 4YO Stakes win in December last year, so will be out to break a notable winning drought fresh on George Moore Stakes Day.
Five-year-old Monsieur Gustave meanwhile is in flying form, the Darryl Hansen-trained Sunshine Coast galloper looking for his fourth win on the trot.
Back in the winter he saluted in the Listed Eye Liner Stakes at Ipswich and the Listed Glasshouse Handicap at his home track.
First-up Monsieur Gustave beat a similar field of horses to that he will face on the weekend taking out the rescheduled Listed Keith Noud Quality Handicap (1200m) at Ipswich on November 22.
Snoopy ($9) rounds out the early single-figure George Moore Stakes hopes, the five-year-old son of Lope De Vega prepared by former top Queensland hoop Chris Munce.
Along with Egyptian Symbol, $11 fancies Big Money and Palazzo Pubblico are the other dual George Moore Stakes – Festival Stakes dual-state nominees for Saturday.
Both come off lead-up thirds with Rodney Northam’s veteran eight-year-old Big Money was placed first-up at Randwick over 1100m in the Schweppes Choisir Handicap on November 7, while the Matthew Smith-trained Conatus mare Palazzo Pubblico finished in the money over 1000m at Flemington on VRC Oaks Day.
Check out the all-in George Moore Stakes 2017 odds below courtesy of Ladbrokes.com.au before markets firm with the final field out tomorrow.Kristina31. Lvov, Ukraine
id31165
Appearance
Habits
More details about me
- 115 lb - 52 kg
- 5'8" - 172 cm
- dark brown hair
- brown eyes
- I don't drink
- I don't smoke
- 09/02/1986
- Christian
Self development
Marriage & children
- university
- Translator, modelling
- I speak English fluently
- I've never been married
- I don't have children
About me, my character
I am very positive person who always believe in nice future! I am sure that someday I will find my beloved and we will have the best family in the world! I am working as translator and also as a model. I like to travel and saw a lot of countries already and want to see almost all world during my life! Maybe you want to be my compagnion?
My hobbies
Yoga
Partner I'm looking for
I am looking for a man who will love me and evaluate me for that who I am and will not try to change my personality, cause I am a person with my beliefs and thoughts and I don't want to change my inner world. After you will know me more you will see that I am a good woman to love!
Video
This user does not have any video.What is Line? 25 November 2013, it announced that it had 300 million registrants worldwide, of which 50 million users are within Japan.
Reason why use Line
- Multiplatform
- Optional address book syncing
- Real-time confirmation when messages are sent and received
- Share photos, videos and music with other users
- Send current or any specific location
- Send emoji, stickers and emoticons to friends
- Create and join groups where you can chat and share media
- Bulletin boards (up to 100 people at once) for groups
- Add friends through the use of QR code
- Add friends by shaking their phones simultaneously
- Direct pop-out message box for reading and replying
- Timeline and home page features on iOS and Android
- Additional access via multiple personal computers (Windows or Mac OS)
- Personalized themes
How to download Line?
1. On mac you can download directly from Apps Store Mac, search on apps store then download
3. Login using your email and password your have registered.New Orleans Jazz Fest
As we approach the second weekend of New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival: check out this awesome list of Frenchmen Street action, provided by our own Sagar Wadgaonkar! Check back each week for the best music happening nightly on the strip!
Wednesday April 27
Ivan Neville (Blue Nile- 532 Frenchmen St)- 9pm
Treme Brass Band (Candlelight Lounge- 925 N Robertson St)- 930pm
Walter Wolfman Washington (DBA- 618 Frenchmen St)- 10pm
Kermit Ruffins (Wednesdays at the Square- Lafayette Sq)- 5-8pm
Hot 8 Brass Band (Louisiana Music Factory- 421 Frenchmen St)
Thursday April 28
Naughty Professor (30/90)- 520 Frenchmen St- 10pm
Jazz in the Park (Armstrong Park)- Irvin Mayfield- 5-8pm
Brassaholics (Blue Nile- 532 Frenchmen St)- 10pm
Ellis Marsalis Quartet (Snug Harbor- 626 Frenchmen St)- 8pm
« back to NewsTo all the concerned activists of Green Girl world
Yesterday I was sent an email from an old friend. The email was nearly frantic about a new bill being introduced into the legislature. Although I was in that moment seriously disturbed, I also felt compelled to do more research. I have my organizations I hold with great respect, and the initial source for this information was not one of them.
Photo by: Modest & Jill
I am a huge advocate of taking action. I say let’s get political, make calls, and speak up! However, we cannot be alarmists. I’ve definitely been one before and I felt like an idiot. Don’t be that person; it’s not fun. So, we just need to check our sources or do a cross check especially when something doesn’t feel right. Before making a decision on your action. Let’s not become an ignorant mob when people decide to play on our fears (which is what a lot of internet hype is doing right now). On this particular issue I personally feel more disarmed after doing some research.
So what was all the concern over? It was in reference to HR 875 a bill called the Food Safety Modernization Act. It seems the bill was introduced by the Democratic Senator of Connecticut, Rosa DeLauro, and not written by Monsanto as the hysteria on the internet is suggesting. The concern was that this could put small organic farmers out of business and the "food police" could come arrest you for an organic garden in your backyard. As I had mentioned before, when I first got the email I felt outraged immediately but I had a weird feeling about it since this just seemed too outrageous and very strange that I had not heard anything from what I consider credible sources.
There is a consumer group called Food and Water Watch. I actively participate in signing their petitions and I found it odd that they did not send out a warning to me. If they felt it had interests of Agribusiness in mind, they would send out a warning. I also feel that RAN (the Rainforest Action Network) would have sent something out as well since they are active in all issues pertaining to gross corporate power and I have received petitions by them in regards to the giants of Agribusiness.
- Food and Water watch has created a fact sheet that is available on their site
- You can also read the opinion of FactCheck.org
- To read the bill you can go to GovTrack
I will be the first to say that I would not put anything past big Agribusiness to be pulling shenanigans, however, I feel there are organizations devoted to being our watchdog. Food and Water Watch dedicates their entire day to making sure we know what is going on behind the scenes on the food and water safety fronts, and they have not red flagged this legislation. If they had, I would have received an email from them calling upon their e-newsletter troops to sign a petition. I would still encourage people to call their Senators to voice their opinions or try to get more information, however, I am feeling today that this could be helpful legislation but like many things may need some more tweaking.
Before making decisions in general, I would recommend taking a moment for some deep breathing, calming yourself down, centering yourself for maybe a short meditation. When you are done, take another minute to let the feeling of peace around you linger a moment longer so you can appreciate it. Allocate some time to do some background work on whatever important issue you want to make a decision on while attempting to maintain your peace and not let stress and worry creep back in. Start to think from this centered place and realize we have the ability to change things in our life if only we speak up and act.
To be a responsible greenie we do have to realize that we need to be active, we need to be political. We should be thankful that we are in a country are allowed an opinion on public matters in the first place. It's a great privilege to be able to vote and we should see taking a stand on issues by petitions or by voting not as a burden but as an honor to protect our beautiful world.
Learn more about Janine at Green Wave EnterprisesWhich is a pretty sturdy advice. And honestly, we will let you know how very good one thing is, but owning our followers vote for it in solid figures may be the best testament you will get. For those who’ve by no means tried out Cowboy Cooler, it’s a mixture of fruit flavors and menthol that contains a tart kick. A variety of sweet and sour berries like strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, and cherries, all balanced With all the menthol to provide a delightful working experience for transitioning vapers and fans of menthol alike.
Variety: They have a large assortment with every little thing from dry herb products to a huge selection of sub-ohm tanks, one hundred% genuine mods and components.
Goods marketed Here i will discuss NOT supposed for minors. All purchasers should be of authorized age to get the solutions on This website.
My beloved cheap eliquids are Ejuice Mafia. $fifteen for 120 ml 75vg/25pg and fantastic taste tropical strawberry lemonade & banana product pie are amazing! Examine them out ejuicemafia.com
There genuinely hasn’t been A lot time during the heritage of vaping when Halo was not thought of a massive brand name. Nevertheless they've got current their seem, and added new flavors (and even retired some), Halo remains to be listed here. They continue to be like a major notch, Qualified e-juice business with terrific customer service and a bunch of quality e-juice flavors.The Halo V-Style flavors continue in the same custom because the Halo PG flavors, nevertheless the V Form flavors have much more functional applications in 2016.
Quite a few brands can be found and so having a favorite may largely depend upon demo and mistake right until you find your brand name of alternative.
Are you looking for some thing totally different? We also ship pick nicotine e-liquids to Australia from other best suppliers. Shop our variety of guest e-liquids.
If you aren’t sure which mod is best for you, below is A fast rationalization of all different possibilities we stock and the benefits they provide.
Our rate is decrease compared to manufacturer's "minimum amount marketed price tag." Because of this, we cannot teach you the cost in catalog or even the item web site.
It is in these matters that our ideas are once more referred to as to action. We won't ever make it possible for for our professional pursuits to override our basic responsibilities to do the proper matter for our prospects.
Vaping mods almost always have a raft of built in options including temperature Handle, wattage & of course basic safety Lower outs. This ensures your mechanical vapecave.com.au mod will never get as well warm & burn out.
VaporFi is undoubtedly an online hub coupled with brick and mortar locations serving the at any time-expanding and passionate vaping Local community. All people from vaping newbies to quite possibly the most knowledgeable vapers get entry to quite possibly the most technologically Superior Digital cigarettes and private vaporizers.
Don't know, never been to either of them because they are rip offs. Share Share this publish on
Vape mods, box mods or e-cig mods have become the de-facto solution for those searching to get the most out of vaping.Sherry Rehman : biography.
Political career
Rehman is a member of the Pakistan People's Party Parliamentarians (PPPP).."
Diplomatic work
On 23 November 2011, she was named Pakistan's ambassador to United States following the resignation of Hussain Haqqani, who was asked to resign by Prime Minister Gilani in the wake of the "Memogate" scandal.
Awards
- 2002: First Pakistani to be recognised with an award for independent journalism by the UK House of Lords in its Muslim World Awards Ceremony in the year 2002
- 2006: R.L Shep Ethnic Textiles Book Award, for The Kashmiri Shawl
- 2008: Presented the International Peace Award for Democrats by the Human Rights Commission
- 2009: The title of "Democracy's Hero" by the International Republican Institute for her services to the restoration of democracy
- 2009: 'The Freedom Award' Pakistan by the Association of Television Journalists for her work for media independence in Pakistan
- 2011: Jeane J. Kirkpatrick Award by The Women’s Democracy Network (WDN), Washington
Biography
Born in Karachi, to a prominent Sindhi family, Rehman's father Hassanally A. Rahman, was a lawyer and educator. Her mother served as vice president of the State Bank of Pakistan—the first woman to hold the post.
She attended Karachi Grammar School,.
Rehman was the first Pakistani to be recognised with an award for independent journalism by the British House of Lords in its Muslim World Awards Ceremony 2002.
She is married to banker Nadeem Hussain, who is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Tameer Microfinance Bank. She was previously married to Bari Mian, grandson of Abdul Bari Firangi Mahali. Prior to that, she was married to Ehsan Malik, who is currently the Chief Executive Office of Unilever Pakistan. nominated for The R.L Shep Ethnic Textiles Book Award for 2006 in the US. "The Annual R. L. Shep Ethnic Textiles Book Award,"
Living octopus
In countries which are located near sea coasts, sea food is an important part of national cuisine- ニュース＆トピックス
- ゲンティン、今年後半にもラスベガスにカジノリゾート着工スタートか
ゲンティン、今年後半にもラスベガスにカジノリゾート着工スタートか
- 2014/6/5
- ニュース＆トピックス
- コメント：121件
ゲンティンの発表によると、同社は今年後半にも、ラスベガスストリップで40億ドル規模のゲーミングリゾート「リゾーツワールド・ラスベガス」の建設を開始、2～3年後の完成を予定しているという。
第1期オープン時には、10万平方フィートのゲーミングフロアに3,500のゲーミング拠店、ヴィラや飲食・小売施設が含まれており、1万1,000人を雇用する。第2期では、ウォーターパークや映画館、ボーリング場、100万平方フィートのコンベンション施設などが加わるという。
ゲンティンは昨年、ボイドゲーミングから億5,000万ドルで建設が中断されていた「エシュロン」の跡地を買収した。
This is the right web site for everyone who wants to
find out about this topic. You realize so much its almost tough
to argue with you (not that I personally will need to…HaHa).
You certainly put a fresh spin on a topic which has been written about for a long time.
Excellent stuff, just wonderful!
I am sure this article has touched all the internet viewers, its really really pleasant post on building up new web site.
Ahaa, its good dialogue about this post here at this weblog,
I have read all that, so now me also commenting here.
Hello colleagues, how is the whole thing, and what you want to say about this article, in my view its
really awesome for me.
Pretty component to content. I just stumbled upon your weblog and in accession capital to
assert that I acquire actually enjoyed account your weblog posts.
Any way I’ll be subscribing in your augment or even I success you get admission to constantly fast.
Hey there! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be okay.
I’m undoubtedly enjoying your blog and look forward to new posts.
Spot on with this write-up, I truly believe this site needs a great deal more attention. I’ll probably be back again to see more, thanks for the advice!
If some one needs to be updated with newest technologies then he must be visit this web page and be up to date
every day.
It’s very straightforward to find out any matter on net as compared
to textbooks, as I found this paragraph at this web page.
Terrific post however I was wanting to know if
you could write a litte more on this subject? I’d be very grateful
if you could elaborate a little bit more. Thank you!
After looking over a number of the articles on your website,
I honestly like your way of blogging. I bookmarked it to my bookmark
webpage list and will be checking back soon. Please visit my website as well and
let me know what you think.
It’s going to be end of mine day, except before ending I am reading this enormous
paragraph to improve my knowledge.
What i do not understood is in truth how you’re not actually a lot
more well-preferred than you may be now. You’re
so intelligent. You understand thus significantly with regards to this subject, made me in my view imagine it from numerous numerous angles.
Its like women and men aren’t interested until it
is something to accomplish with Girl gaga! Your personal stuffs
great. Always take care of!
Good day! I could have sworn I’ve visited this blog before but after browsing through a few of the posts I realized it’s new to me.
Anyhow, I’m definitely happy I found it and I’ll be
bookmarking it and checking back frequently!
I’m gone to inform my little brother, that he should also pay a quick visit this website on regular basis to get updated from hottest gossip. post is worth everyone’s attention. How can I find out more?
If you desire to increase your knowledge simply
keep visiting this web page and be updated with the hottest news update posted here.
Every weekend i used to pay a quick visit this web site, as i wish for enjoyment, since this this site conations in fact nice funny data too.
Its like you read my mind! You seem to know so much approximately this,
such as you wrote the guide in it or something.
I think that you just can do with a few % to power
the message house a bit, but instead of that, that is excellent blog.
An excellent read. I’ll definitely be back.
I have read so many articles or reviews concerning the blogger lovers but this article is really a nice
paragraph, keep it up.
After looking over a handful of the blog articles
on your website, I truly like your way of blogging. I book-marked it to my bookmark site list
and will be checking back soon. Take a look at my web site as
well and tell me how you feel.
After looking into a handful of the articles on your web page,
I really appreciate your technique of blogging.
I saved as a favorite it to my bookmark webpage list and will be
checking back soon. Take a look at my website as well and let
me know your opinion.
Hello, I enjoy reading all of your article post. I wanted to write a little comment to support you.
That is really interesting, You are an excessively skilled blogger.
I have joined your feed and look ahead to searching for more of
your magnificent post. Also, I have shared your website in my social networks
Awesome issues here. I am very glad to look your article.
Thanks so much and I’m looking ahead to touch
you. Will you please drop me a e-mail?
First of all I want to say fantastic blog! I had a quick question in tend to be wasted simply just trying to figure out how to begin. Any suggestions or tips?
Many thanks! too?
This could be a problem with my browser because I’ve had this
happen previously. Kudos
This page really has all of the info I needed concerning this subject and
didn’t know who to ask.
Hello there I am so delighted I found your blog page, I really found you by accident, while I was researching on Digg.
Hello, its good article regarding?
Great work!
Now I am going to do my breakfast, when having my breakfast coming again to read additional news.
I’m gone to convey my little brother, that he should also
pay a visit this blog on regular basis to get updated from latest news update.
Hi there to every one, the contents existing at this web site are actually awesome for people knowledge, well, keep up the
good work fellows.
I’m pretty pleased to find this page. I need to to thank you for your time for this wonderful read!!
I definitely appreciated every part of it and i also have you bookmarked to see
new stuff on your blog.
Can I just say what a relief to uncover someone that genuinely understands what they’re talking about on the internet.
You actually realize how to bring a problem to light and make it important.
More and more people ought to look at this and understand this side of the story.
I was surprised you’re not more popular since you surely have the
gift.
Hi there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it’s really informative.
I am going to watch out for brussels. I’ll be grateful
if you continue this in future. Lots of people will be benefited from your writing.
Cheers!
Amazing! Its in fact remarkable piece of writing,
I have got much clear idea concerning from this paragraph.!
1 thought on “Are you at your Town Hall meeting?”
Robin,
Thanks for the shout-out, and for playing in the sandbox over at jenfongspeaks.com!!! I sincerely appreciate you sharing your perspective with my readers over there. The point of the blog is to provide a place for the conversation to happen for our industry, and I’m extremely fortunate to have folks like you to help shape our collective understanding of this important topic for our industry.
Looking forward to your next post. Have a great day!
Jennifer FongSPORT
Episode 107: Soccer, skating and judoFirst aired: Monday, 7 December 2015 at 17.00 hours
In this epsiode of SPORT, soccer from the Topklasse Saturday: HHC Hardenberg against Capelle. Also soccer from the hoofdklasse Sunday and Saturday: MSC from Meppel against Achilles 1894 from Assen and Drachtster Boys against VV Staphorst. Furthermore, there is women's soccer: SC Heerenveen against Ajax, the national championships of judo for mixteams in Heerenveen and a report of the new icestadium Thialf in Heerenveen.
Soccer: HHC Hardenberg – Capelle
In the Topklasse Saturday HHC Hardenberg is doing well. The team of coach Marcel Groninger is currently fourth in the league. Last week HHC achieved a great victory on DVS '33 from Ermelo and that was already their third victory in a row. HHC Hardenberg hopes to win again during the home game against Capelle, currently the number thirteen of the league.
Website:
Facebook: HHCHardenberg
Twitter: @HHCHardenberg
Voetbal: MSC - Achilles 1894
A real derby in Drenthe between MSC from Meppel and Achilles 1894 from Assen. Both teams are not playing very well this season. MSC is ranked tenth, two places lower than Achilles 1894. Both teams have only won twice this season. MSC and Achilles 1894 both seriously need some pionts.
Website: en
Facebook: Achilles1894 en MSC Meppel
Twitter: @MSCMeppel en @Achilles1894
Soccer: Drachtster Boys - VV Staphorst
In Saturday's league Drachtster Boys is not performing very so well. The team of coach Marcel van Buuren is currently ranked last in the league with only two points. Drachtster Boys really need to collect some points. On the other hand VV Staphorst is doing great. The team of coach Jan van Raalte is currently ranked fourth in the league.
Website: en
Facebook: Drachtster Boys en VVStaphorst
Twitter: @drachtsterboys en @vvstaphorst
Women's soccer: sc Heerenveen – Ajax
The woman of sc Heerenveen are having a rough start this season. The team of coach Fred de Boer has not won a single game yet so far. Maybe against Ajax the team will win their first match.
Website:
Facebook: Vrouwenscheerenveen
Twitter: @Vrouwen_sch
Judo: NK mixteams in Heerenveen
In judo every year a mixteam based on National Competition is organized in The Netherlands. This edition the best judo teams will compete in Sportstad Heerenveen. At the same day also the Frisian team championships will held for the youth. A big day for judo in Heerenveen.
Website:
Facebook: Sportstad
Twitter: @SportstadHveen
Skating: Report 'The new Thialf'
Next Friday the third World Cup race of this season will take placce in the new Thialf icestadium in Heerenveen. The stadium was closed during a few months due to a big renovation. The first part of the renovation is finished, and we took a look at the 'new' Thialf.
Website:
Facebook: ThialfHeerenveen
Twitter: @ThialfYou are going to love this recipe because it’s so easy, so tasty, and so packed with nutrients that it may become your new breakfast routine. I’ve heard that Aztec warriors and explorers would eat a handful of raw chia seeds and have the endurance to go for days without other food. Wthether or not that is a myth, Chia seeds, AKA Salvia Hispanica, AKA Ch-Ch-Ch-Chia Pet, is a flowering plant in the sage family that was cultivated by the Aztec. The seeds are very rich in omega-3 fatty acids, protein, dietary fiber, and is a significant source of antioxidants and a variety of amino acids. You can even use Chia, like flax, as an egg-replacer in baked goods!
WHAT YOU’LL NEED (serves 2):
- • 1/2 cup chia seeds
- • 1 large banana
- • 1½ cups almond milk
DIRECTIONS:
- 1. Blend all ingredients until smooth. (* Instead of blending, you can also just soak the seeds in the almond milk for 5 minutes for a more interesting texture).
- 2. Add about 1 cup of whatever fruit you enjoy. I added blueberries, strawberries, figs, and white peach.Iconic Fashion in Film: Madonna in Desperately Seeking Susan
The already iconic Oscar nominated Black Swan costume designs (see Jim Carrey dressed as a black swan on Saturday Night Live) have inspired us at Independent Woman to ask ourselves what are the most stylish films of all time?
Madonna in Desperately Seeking Susan
Had the directors not got their way then Desperately Seeking Susan would have almost certainly been a complete failure. Despite being offered to Goldie Hawn and Diane Keaton, Susan Seidelman chose Rosanna Arquette as Roberta and had to audition Madonna twice for the role of Susan, and it was the rising star of the material girl that helped propel the film to worldwide popularity.
Like most of her movies, what Madonna brought to the quality of the acting in the film has been questioned ever since. But since the plot is weak and the characters wholly unbelievable, who really cares?
Susan Seidelman understood that the her film would rise and fall on how well it would capture the spirit of the times and for this reason it became an instant classic.
Selfish, tough, fearless and almost certainly not a virgin, Madonna wrote her personal style across every scene and never before or since has the look been worn so well. Layer after layer of lace and leggings? Fingerless gloves and sloppy Ts? Blazers with Minnie Mouse ears?
By 1985 the Susan look become huge and Madonna gave a glimpse of what was to come with the appearance of the underwear as outerwear trend. Panned by critics at the time, DSS was THE teenage movie of the eighties and the complaint that the film looks dated misses the point because Desperately Seeking Susan inspired a generation.
Signature look: Punk chic and huge, messy hair.
Fashion legacy: Every single glorious episode of Sex and the City
In a phrase: "Yeah, well it's not about her, it's about me."
Promoted Links
Related Content
- Iconic fashion in film: Jean Seburg in Breathless
- Iconic fashion in film: Vivienne Leigh in Gone with the Wind
- Iconic Fashion in Film: Grace Kelly in Rear Window
- Iconic Fashion in Film: Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany's
- Iconic Fashion in Film: John Travolta in Saturday Night Fever
- Iconic Fashion in Film: Richard Gere in American Gigolo
- Iconic Fashion in Film: Diane Keaton as Annie Hall08 May 2013
MCT 3D Wednesday: Tooth Fairy Capsule
by Veronica
Welcome to another 3D Wednesday with the My Creative Time Design Team! Today I'm sharing an idea I came up with while scrapping with the girls last weekend.
Every other month or so (though we'd like to be more frequent) the ladies in my family and a few friends get together to craft all day. Last Saturday, my Mom's friend joined us and challenged me to come up with an idea for an empty medication bottle she had. Well, actually - she claims that she has MANY of these bottles and just can't get rid of them because she knows that there must be something great to create with them.
Ever have that thought about something? It's so hard to part with little treasures that you just know someday will come in handy, isn't it?
I stared at that bottle forever and just couldn't seem to come up with anything other than storage for small crafting supplies (buttons, brads, doo-dads, etc.). Finally, while going through my MCT stamps for inspiration, I found this adorable little tooth duo and knew just what to do with the bottle - a little capsule for the Tooth Fairy!
Now, I realize that this isn't exactly an idea to mass produce with all of the bottles this friend has, but I was happy to come up with something! *giggle*
The project is pretty simple, but I think it's just darling. I added a little sparkle with some Star Dust Stickles and a little rhinestone. The teeth are very lightly colored in with gray Copics.
MCT Products Used
All Around Everything Stamp Set
All Around Everything Accessories Stamp Set
Thanks for stopping by to see my project today! Be sure to check out Emma's blog to see what the other designers have in store for you!
I hope you were inspired!
- Veronica
Too cute!!
That is really adorable! Love this idea, Veronica!!!
This is a great idea! How fun for a child to put their tooth in here! Great job decorating it too!
Excellent use for this bottle Veronica! I'm sure your mom's friend was impressed! Have a wonderful day! Love and Hugs, Cathryn :)
YOU ARE SOOOO GOOD my friend! I LOVE IT!
HUGS!
These are super cute and would be a great idea for a grandparent to give to each of their grandkids, maybe with their names on the bottle too. I love this idea!
How cute and creative! I have that problem...I think they call it hoarding...lol! Too cute!!! :)
That is adorable and very clever. It will be a lot easier to find under a pillow ;) Maybe your friend has children with little ones who could use these...each kid has their own with their name? That should use up a few of these bottles. Wonderful job!
quilt 4 fun 2 at hot mail dot com
No higher resolution available.
Bonestone.png (download) (36 × 36 pixels, file size: 283 B, MIME type: image/png)
There is no description yet. Add a description.
Appears on these pages
of
-
Deugan Selmae Eh-Deredu/resistance
This page lists ways that the player can increase Deugan's resistance to status effects and...
-
File history
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.This week, I'll be teaching in Springfield, Ohio for the Remembrance Quilt Guild. It's a Set-In Piecing Simplified workshop using a scrappy tumbling blocks quilt as the project. As I was packing my workshop samples, I got to thinking about how much easier making a spontaneous, scrappy quilt is for me since teaching the spontaneity and value workshops based on Gai Perry's classic book, Color From the Heart.
Earlier this year, Joanne over at Everyone Deserves a Quilt asked how I organize that exercise and this is what I shared with her. I'm sharing it with you today because I think it would be a good warm up for your fall quilt making activities. Invite a few quilting friends, a minimum of 5 to 6 people is best -- more is fine, to join you. Here's how I set it up.
Everyone cuts 4" squares into triangles -- usually two squares each from 50 fabrics so there are 200 triangles. When the group gets together, everyone trades 50 triangles -- easiest, fastest way to do that is to count out 5 stacks of 10 triangles then trade each stack with a different person.
The amount of time for the session determines whether or not the group does any sewing.
For a half-day session, there is no sewing. After the trading, put all the triangles into a brown paper bag. Have a piece of flannel or cotton batting set up for a "work wall". Pull two triangles out of the bag, decide which is the darker of the two and then position them on the flannel depending on the overall layout being used.
For an all-day session, after the trading is done everyone sits down with their bags, pulls out two triangles out of the bag lottery style and stitches them together -- no cheating -- chain piecing should get most quilters through this step in a hour to an hour and a half.
Press the seams towards the darker triangle. Then back into the bags they go again. Now begin to draw out the HST's, one at a time, and place them onto the "work wall" in the correct position for the design. Expect to whine a lot at this point but just keep pushing through!!
Everyone starts at the upper left corner and works across the top row until there are 10 HST's in place. Then begin the second row at the left end and just keep going until the piece is 10 across by 10 down. Once everything is laid up on the work wall, it's best to take a break.
After about 5 minutes, participants should then come back to their work and they can make minor adjustments. First though it's important to identify what they like about the spontaneous layout. An important part of the exercise is to experience the spontaneity and see that when you are working with fabric you enjoy, it works well. An example of a minor adjustments might be something like there are only 5 aqua triangles in the entire piece and they are all clustered in the same area -- then it's good to scatter them around so they don't draw the eye to that area but rather serve as a "bit of sparkle" here and there.
It's helpful to the group to make part of the exercise walking around and looking at each participants work wall, talking about each piece, identifying things that work, and paying attention to how they feel about each other's pieces. Doing this quadruples the effectiveness of the exercise.
It's easy to overwork these pieces by switching so much around that the piece loses it's spontaneity and becomes too controlled to be interesting. The unexpected is what makes a quilt interesting!! The two fabrics in each HST don't have to be coordinated or match -- the light vs. dark positioning carries the design.
There are lots of options for the overall layout. Usually I have everyone do the same simple arrangement but it might be fun to have several arrangements and randomly assign different ones to each participant? I've never tried that.
This is the last one I did. They are fun to make and the final border really brings them to life.
And they make cheerful charity quilts as well.
My charity group just had some books donated to us to sell off to raise money for our batting. There is a copy of Color From the Heart available if you are interested!! $10 plus shipping -- just leave me a comment!!
Hope your week is off to a good start!!
Mary Huey
'
What a fun exercise and a great way to learn about value. This would be a fun activity for a Guild bee day!
Color From the Heart class (Austinburg...a gazillion years ago) was my favorite class ever!Jun 14, 2017
A public workshop is scheduled during a regular meeting of the North Coast Regional Water Quality Control Board (Regional Water Board) to provide project background information and to receive oral comments on the Draft Water Quality Trading Framework for the Laguna de Santa Rosa Watershed, to be Approved by Resolution of the Regional Water Board.
Date: June 29, 2017
Time: 8:30 AM
Location: Regional Water Board Hearing Room 5550 Skylane Boulevard, Suite A Santa Rosa, California
*COMMENTS must be received by July 21, 2017 to receive response
Public Workshop Procedures:
At the workshop, Regional Water Board staff will present an overview of historic and contextual information related to this item, and will explain the rationale for key elements of the administrative drafts of the Water Quality Trading Framework for the Laguna de Santa Rosa Watershed (Draft Framework) and the associated Regional Water Board Resolution No. R1‐2017‐0027 (Draft Resolution), which approves the Draft Framework.
Interested persons will be provided the opportunity to present oral comments to the Regional Water Board at the workshop. Oral testimony will be limited in time by the Board Chair. Interested persons may be asked to respond to clarifying questions from Board members, counsel, staff, or others, at the discretion of the Chair. If you plan to use visual aids such as PowerPoint slides, contact staff at least five (5) business days prior to the workshop to arrange for equipment setup. You must provide a printed or electronic copy of any visual aids. The Chair also requests that one spokesperson be selected to speak on behalf of many individuals when those individuals share a common affiliation or interest.
The final Regional Water Board meeting agenda will be available at at least ten (10) days before the workshop. The agenda will indicate the anticipated order of agenda items, include all material related to this workshop, and may include staff revisions.
A written public comment period is now open to solicit public comments on the administrative drafts of the Water Quality Trading Framework for the Laguna de Santa Rosa Watershed (Draft Framework) and the associated Regional Water Board Resolution No. R1‐2017‐0027 (Draft Resolution), which approves the Draft Framework. The Draft Framework is a revised, expanded, and improved version of the existing Santa Rosa Nutrient Offset Program, which was approved by resolution of the Regional Water Board in 2008. Currently, the only dischargers authorized to offset phosphorus loads to the Laguna de Santa Rosa are the City of Santa Rosa and the Town of Windsor wastewater treatment facilities.
The Draft Framework, Draft Resolution, and related documents are available at. Copies of these documents can also be obtained by contacting or visiting the Regional Water Board office, located at 5550 Skylane Boulevard, Suite A, Santa Rosa, California.
Written comments and supporting materials concerning this item, including photographs and technical reports, must be submitted by email to northcoast@waterboards.ca.gov,or otherwise received at the Regional Water Board office no later than July 21, 2017. In the subject line for electronically submitted comments, please include: “Comment Letter – Laguna WQT Framework”. Please direct all comments mailed or delivered to the Regional Water Board office to the attention of David Kuszmar. All written comments and supporting materials that are received by the above date will be distributed to the Regional Water Board members and made available to the public. These documents will also become a permanent part of the administrative record. Except at the discretion of the Regional Water Board Chair, written comments received after the above date will not be accepted.
* Regional Water Board staff will respond in writing to all substantive comments received byJuly 21, 2017, and will make its responses, along with any proposed revisions to the Draft Framework and Resolution, available to the public prior to a Regional Water Board adoption hearing, which is tentatively scheduled for December 13, 2017. The adoption hearing will be appropriately noticed at a later date.
Direct questions regarding the above items to David Kuszmar at (707) 576‐2693 or David.Kuszmar@waterboards.ca.gov.
MAP source: Modeling river flows and sediment dynamics for the Laguna de Santa Rosa watershed in Northern California
Please support our sponsors:More catch-up . . . getting old Inside Out columns from the newspaper onto the blog. Enjoy one from December 2010.
It’s an odd feeling being a stranger in your own hometown. This November marked nine years since I talked my Southern husband into moving to Yankeeland so I could take a job in the one place I’d known all my life.
In those years, we’ve spent just a handful of months actually living in Callicoon, although technically four miles outside of town. Yet, working at the Democrat, it was like I’d never left. I got my mail. I grabbed a soda at Peck’s. I picked up sandwiches at Lander’s. I caught my movies at the Callicoon Theater.
Until the freelance life came calling. And then a full-time job, from home. In the past year and a half, I’ve become more than just a resident of my house. I’ve become a hermit. Jonathan and Jillian leave in the morning for school, and save for a few walks to the kitchen and the bathroom, I don’t leave my chair until it’s time to meet the bus. A run to Jeff for ballet at the Janice Center is a big excursion.
In a year and a half, I’ve become like Vera from Cheers. You know she exists, but you never see her, so you begin to wonder. On my big outings, people stop and stare. “We never see you anymore! Where have you been hiding yourself?”
I look the same – maybe a little bigger around the middle from all the sitting, maybe a little older from the introduction of a kindergartner’s attitude into our house.
But the Callicoon I knew and loved (love?) keeps changing. A new sign here, a new store there, new faces everywhere. I stood in the wine store on Saturday to stock up for the holiday, and I stared at a wall full of business cards with unfamiliar names, took note of a raffle for a Callicoon event I knew nothing about.
I’ve clung to the name “Callicoon” as my hometown on my Facebook profile (come on, if it’s Facebook official, you know it must be so), but call me for Callicoon news, and I have to admit I’m stumped.
I’m a “Callicoon girl,” but I’m a Callicoon Center resident these days. It’s here where I get my news. Here where I stand in the post office five days a week, grabbing my mail and waiting for the bus. Here where I hit the Village Market for a bottle of caffeine and the occasional cheese sandwich. If we had a movie theater and a pharmacy, I might never leave. As it is, streaming Netflix and the Internet are filling the holes nicely these days.
But don’t count me out yet. As long as there is the Democrat in Callicoon, I’ve still got one foot in the door.
I’m still a Callicoon girl.
Have you “liked” Inside Out Motherhood on Facebook yet?
Speak Your MindUNITED NATIONS: Two dozen Syrian civilian organizations and humanitarian aid groups are threatening to end their participation in peace talks unless the international community takes major steps to protect civilians and enforce a cessation of hostilities in the country.
Advertisement
The groups said in a letter sent to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Tuesday, and obtained by The Associated Press, that many of their representatives have participated in the Geneva talks, but three rounds of talks have the secretary-general to call on U.N. member states to take measures to stop airstrikes and indiscriminate violence, including establishing “a no-bombing zone for all of Syria.” The idea of a no-fly zone in Syria has been floated for years but never seriously considered.
The organizations also called on Ban to break sieges in towns across Syria by air-dropping aid to civilians in need, “irrespective of Syrian regime consent,” which the U.N. says is essential.
They urged the U.N. chief to make clear that war crimes will not go unpunished “and that those responsible for the targeting of civilians, vital facilities and torture and detainment of tens of thousands of innocent people will be held accountable.”
The groups welcomed Ban’s call to refer the situation in Syria to the International Criminal Court, but that idea faced a double veto from Syrian government allies Russia and China in May 2014. With a referral unlikely, they urged Ban to call on member states to consider a special tribunal for Syria or to prosecute cases under national or universal jurisdiction.
The organizations also appealed to Ban to join their calls for the release of all Syrians arbitrarily detained and urge the U.N. Security Council to adopt a resolution authorizing external monitors to visit every detention center “including the secret military prisons where thousands have been tortured and starved to death.”
The letter said many groups participated in the Geneva talks because they want  organizations to continue our participation in the Geneva talks,” they said.
The signatories included Syrian Civil Defense, also known as White Helmets; the Syrian Network for Human Rights; the Violations Documentation Center; Syria Justice and Accountability Center; Independent Doctors Association and Mayday Rescue.
The groups said they sent copies of the letter to U.N. Special Envoy for Syria Staffan De Mistura, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, and the British and French foreign ministers because they are “the powers that have the means to implement a policy aimed at protecting Syrian lives.”
APIn 2016, global trade growth fell short of expectations for the sixth year in a row (Figure 1), fuelling a debate that resembles that on the Great Trade Collapse of 2008 and 2009 (Baldwin 2009). As with that debate, the recent dismal performance of trade has been attributed to structural factors such as the resurgence of protectionism, retrenchment of global value chains, the weakness of trade credit, and possible geographic or sectoral composition effects (Borin and Mancini 2015, Hoekman 2016, IRC Trade Task Force 2016).
Figure 1 Forecast errors on the growth of world import and world GDP volumes
Source: Author calculations based on IMF data.
Notes: Percentage-point difference between the growth rate at year t as reported in the IMF World Economic Outlook (WEO) published in October at year t+1 (actual data) and the growth rate at year t as predicted in the IMF WEO published in October at year t-1 (forecast). For the year 2016, actual data come from the IMF WEO Update published in January 2017.
The IMF estimated world trade volumes to grow at an annual average of 5.1% in 2011-2016, but their actual growth rate has been just 3.2% per year. Only one third of this systematic forecast error reflects lower-than-expected real GDP growth. The other two-thirds is explained by the fall of the income elasticity of trade (‘income elasticity’), defined as the ratio between real import growth and real GDP growth. Income elasticity has decreased from its historical average of 1.3, as implicit in the IMF’s forecasts to less than 1.0.1
In a new paper we show, however, that due to two standard properties of real trade flows – their high volatility and their pro-cyclicality – income elasticity is itself a cyclical variable (Borin et al. 2017). In particular, when real GDP growth is positive but lower than its long-run trend, then the income elasticity of trade is also smaller than its long-run trend. This is important because it suggests that part of the decline in the income elasticity may be due to poor business conditions. Once this is factored in, we find that cyclical forces explain most of the current weakness of trade. In addition, we show that, by using real-time data on business conditions, the accuracy of forecasts on trade growth – like those produced by the IMF – can be significantly improved.
Trade weakness: The cycle and the trend
Our research highlights the importance of income elasticity and shows, empirically and theoretically, that it is affected by business conditions.[2] At the empirical level we find a robust positive correlation with business cycle proxies (our preferred one being real investment growth).3 At a theoretical level, cyclicality arises because trade volumes are procyclical and more volatile than real GDP. The higher volatility of trade is, in turn, due to its different composition relative to GDP: trade is intensive in capital goods and manufactured goods, which are more volatile than consumption goods and services. Consumption goods and services, in turn, make up most of GDP and are less responsive to business conditions (think, for example, of public spending in education or health). Our paper demonstrates that this composition effect is responsible for the cyclical movements of the elasticity and drives it above (below) its trend following stronger (weaker) GDP growth.
Intuitively, suppose that GDP and import volumes grow at identical positive rates, say 3%, and focus only on positive growth rates. As real import growth is more volatile than, and positively correlated with, real GDP growth, when real GDP growth is above its average (say 4%), the important growth is even higher (say 5%). When real GDP growth is below its average (say 2%), real import growth is even lower (say 1%). Therefore, income elasticity will be greater than 1 when real GDP growth is high, and smaller than 1 when real GDP growth is low (5/4 and 1/2, respectively, in this simple numerical example). Thus, the income elasticity is procyclical.4
From the theoretical model, we can identify two main components of the income elasticity:
- A long-run component, related to the dynamics of trade barriers; and
- A short-run component, related to business cycle conditions.
Figure 2a shows that for the global economy both these components are currently declining, helping depress trade relative to GDP. The long-run component highlights that trade volumes increased faster than real GDP in the 1980s and early 1990s, favoured by the secular decline in tariffs and in information and transportation costs. Since the late 1990s, however, this component has started to decrease, as the effect of falling trade barriers began to fade away. The cyclical component, which has always fluctuated around the long-run component, is currently driving the income elasticity below 1 (the equilibrium level of the elasticity, if there are no changes in trade barriers), because world real GDP growth is weak (Figure 2b).
Figure 2 Decomposition of the income elasticity of world trade and of world real GDP growth
a) Income elasticity
b) Real GDP growth
Source: Author calculations based on IMF data.
Notes: Quarterly data, 4-quarter moving averages. The picture excludes three consecutive outliers, from 2008-Q4 to 2009-Q2. (2) Trend component of the income elasticity from HP filtered series. (3) "Trend+cycle" component of the income elasticity from HP filtered series.
It is also worth noting that before the crisis (2002 to 2008) and in its immediate aftermath (Q3 2009 to Q2 2011), the cyclical component pushed the elasticity well above its long-run trend, hiding the fact that structural factors were already lowering the elasticity. This 'optical illusion' may also explain why the recent weakness of trade has been such a surprise.
These findings allow us to assess the role of cyclical and structural factors. Figure 2a shows that, with respect to its historical average of 1.5 (during our sample period), income elasticity has been reduced to 0.7 in 2015 with a similar contribution of structural and cyclical factors. But given that lower-than-expected GDP growth has also contributed a third of the forecast error, this back-of-the-envelope calculation suggests that cyclical forces have caused about two thirds of the forecast error – a result in line with the IMF's estimate (Aslam et al. 2017).
Figure 2a also shows the trend component of the income elasticity stabilising at 1, which should remain similar until new impetus comes from further trade liberalisations or technological progress in transportation. Nevertheless, the exceptional weakness of global trade observed since 2011, which has gradually driven the income elasticity below 1, is also the result of poor business conditions. Therefore, one should expect that, as real GDP growth returns to trend, global trade growth recovers more strongly, with the income elasticity first returning to 1 and then exceeding this value once real GDP moves above its own trend growth.
Forecasting trade
Our analysis speculates about the medium- to long-term future of global trade. What about the short term? Can we exploit data on business conditions to improve trade forecasts? We examined these questions by focusing on the forecasts of world import growth produced by the IMF – the most commonly used in the business community and among policymakers.
First, we decompose the mean squared forecast error (MSFE) on world trade growth into three terms which measure the forecast error on GDP growth (MSFE GDP), the forecast error on the income elasticity (MSFE elasticity), and the interaction between these two errors (MSFE covariance). We do this for the forecasts published by the IMF in the spring and fall of each calendar year t.5 The results show that the MSFE on the income elasticity is the largest component at all forecast horizons. In addition, as the forecast horizon shortens, the IMF improves its forecasts of world real GDP growth significantly, but not its forecast of the income elasticity.
The importance of the elasticity forecast error and of its correlation with GDP forecast error suggests that IMF forecasts can be improved by considering business cycle conditions. To prove our claim, we perform an out-of-sample forecasting exercise. We first estimate the role of the cycle using past data, considering different real-time proxies for business conditions. We then use regression results to 'correct' the IMF predictions. Figure 3 compares the MSFE using the IMF predictions and our cyclically-adjusted predictions. Using the cyclically adjusted predictions, forecast error declines substantially. For the forecasts produced in the spring, the total MSFE is cut by 70%, with half of the reduction coming from the improved prediction of the elasticity and half from the lower covariance between the elasticity forecast error and the GDP forecast error. For the autumn forecasts, the total MSFE is cut by 40%, with the reduction coming almost entirely from the improvement in predicting the elasticity. The effectiveness of our correction for the business cycle is reflected in the fact that the covariance between elasticity and GDP forecast errors becomes essentially nil.
Figure 3 Comparison between forecast errors, IMF and cyclically adjusted predictions
Source: Author calculations based on IMF data.
Notes: Total mean squared forecast error on world import growth in year t and its components, for the predictions made by the IMF in the spring and autumn of year t and for the corresponding cyclically adjusted predictions.
No more illusions?
Our analysis identifies the structural and cyclical components that drive the behaviour of the income elasticity of trade. Since the mid-1990s, the structural component has been gradually declining towards its equilibrium level of 1. This result suggests that the income elasticity will probably not get close to the values of 2 or more recorded in the early 1990s unless international trade receives new impetus from international integration or technological advances in transportation. It could fall below 1 if, instead, trade liberalisation reversed.
At the same time, however, the analysis stresses the role of cyclical factors in the slowdown of trade in the current phase. One should then expect that, as real GDP growth returned to trend, global trade growth would recover more strongly, with the income elasticity first approaching, and then exceeding, 1 when real GDP growth moves above trend.
References
Aslam A, E Boz, E Cerutti, M Poplawski-Ribeiro and P Topalova (2017), “Global Trade: Drivers Behind the Slowdown”, VoxEU.org, 13 February.
Baldwin, R (ed.) (2009), The Great Trade Collapse: Causes, Consequences and Prospects, A VoxEU.org eBook, CEPR Press.
Borin, A and M Mancini (2015), “Follow the Value-Added: Bilateral Gross Export Accounting”, Temi di discussione, No. 1026, Bank of Italy.
Borin, A, V Di Nino, M Mancini and M Sbracia (2017), “The cyclicality of the income elasticity of trade”, MPRA Working Paper, No. 77418.
Haugh, D, A Kopoin, E Rusticelli, D Turner and R Dutu (2016), “Cardiac Arrest or Dizzy Spell: Why is World Trade So Weak and What Can Policy Do About It?”, OECD Economic Policy Paper No. 18.
Hoekman, B (ed.) (2015), The Global Trade Slowdown: A New Normal?, A VoxEU.org eBook, CEPR Press.
Houthakker, H S and S P Magee (1969), “Income and Price Elasticities in World Trade”, Review of Economics and Statistics 51: 111-125.
IRC Trade Task Force (2016), “Understanding the Weakness in Global Trade. What Is the New Normal?,” Occasional Paper, No. 178, European Central Bank.
Endnotes
[1] Real GDP growth fell short of IMF projections by an annual average of 0.5 percentage points in 2011-2016. By using the elasticity of 1.3 implicit in the IMF forecasts, lower GDP growth then accounted for 0.7 percentage points of the forecast error. Hence, the remaining 1.2 percentage points, i.e. over 65% of the forecast error, are accounted for by the decline of the income elasticity of trade. Note that this simple decomposition of the underperformance of trade into structural and cyclical factors coincides with the one obtained, with a variety of different methodologies, by the OECD, which also concludes that two-thirds of the surprising deceleration of trade was due to structural factors (Haugh et al. 2016).
[2] The study of the elasticities of trade to either prices or income has a long tradition in international economics, the classic example being the Marshall-Lerner condition. The literature, however, has focused exclusively on the level of the elasticities, while their business cycle properties have been generally overlooked. See, for example, the pioneering paper on the income elasticities by Houthakker and Magee (1969).
[3] The correlation between the income elasticity and business conditions is highly positive irrespective of the choice of the data sources, the sample of countries, the time period, and the method used to retrieve volumes from values.
[4] While this intuitive example works well in a neighbourhood of the trend growth rate of real imports and real GDP (provided that real GDP growth is not zero, a value at which the elasticity is not defined), in the whole domain of these variables the relationship between the income elasticity and the business cycle is somewhat more complex (Borin et al. 2017). Procyclicality, for example, does not hold across the full spectrum of growth rates. Yet, two results keep standing out also in the more general case: (1) business cycle conditions always affect the level of the income elasticity; (2) high volatility and positive correlation of imports with GDP will, in particular, cyclically bring the elasticity to levels above and below its long-run trend.
[5] Borin et al. (2017) also analyse the IMF forecasts for each calendar year t published in the spring and the autumn of year t-1.Today, the iPhone.
Another alternative to Splashtop is iDisplay, which also works on the iPhone, but, at $9.99, is quite pricy.
It took quite a bit of fiddling to get everything synchronized. The CtrlAltStudio viewer had to run in Oculus Rift mode — setup instructions here — which requires a viewer restart. Then I had to switch off my second monitor, and fiddle with the screen resolution.
Ctrl-Alt-3 toggles the view to 3D and back, and the Windows key on the keyboard switches back to the desktop. It took a few tries before the view was showing up correctly everywhere.
But, in the end, I had the side-by-side 3D view mirrored from my computer screen to my phone screen, and I could put my iPhone inside my Google Cardboard headset and go inside my world.
Kind of.
I could use the arrows to move around, but turning my head didn’t let me see in different directions — the signals went from the desktop to the iPhone, there was no communication going back to tell the computer where I was looking.
For Android users, however, there’s Trinus VR, which, reportedly, not only mirrors your display to your smartphone but also handles the head tracking.
If anyone there has an Android phone — could you test it out and see if you can get it to work? Read more about it at Instructables. There’s also a DIY guide at RoadtoVR which uses an LED light and a webcam to track the headset’s movement.ACMs, or Automated Charging Machines, are media stations that charge a wide variety of mobile devices, all in less than 10 minutes. These stations have an LCD screen and a billboard, for targeted marketing. ACMs can be found in areas such as airports, Discover A Lot More
How to start a food cart franchising business
VISIT OUR NEW YOUTUBE CHANNEL:
Wendy’s Wants to Automate Stores “Because of $15/Hour Minimum Wage Increase”
–Fast food chain Wendy’s has said that it is going to invest in self-service ordering kiosks to replace employees in all of its 6,000 restaurants; this is in response to a minimum wage increase On Discover A Lot More
Supermarket Sushi
Sushi will always be a viable business inside any metropolitan supermarket. Where it really wasn’t long ago when you could only visit your favorite go-to sushi restaurant to enjoy a nice lunch or dinner, these fast-food kiosks are popping up everywhere,
Vintage
Smart Kiosk Cebit 2011 – 3
Cebit 2011 Eurasia, Techology & Computers Fair Videos – 3 ( )The ATC-8 report, Proceedings of a Workshop on the Design of Prefabricated Concrete Buildings for Earthquake Loads, was funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF). (Published 1981, 711 pages)
ABSTRACT: The report includes eighteen state-of-the-art papers and six summary papers. Also included are recommendations for future research that were developed by the 43 workshop participants.
View Title Page, Preface, and Contents on the "More Info" tabJIMI HENDRIX Axis: Bold As Love
Rare original 1967 UK first issue 13-track MONO vinyl LP with 612003 A1 and B1 matrix numbers, front laminated gatefold picture sleeve, complete with the all important and incredibly rare fold out lyric/poster insert! Read more about this amazing item here!
JOSS STONE The Soul Sessions
Genuine and Beautiful RIAA-Certified US GOLD Sales Award, presented to commemorate American sales of Miss Stone’s acclaimed debut album in excess of 500,000 units. Measuring approximately 17" x 21" expertly framed and glazed, this remarkable award features the Soul Sessions CD and GOLD LP above its accompanying custom-engraved RIAA-Hologram dedication plaque. This is the ONLY authentic Joss Stone award we’ve ever seen offered for sale, and certainlystands as both a unique and valuable collectable for one lucky Joss Stone fan!
DAVID BOWIE Hours… & Brilliant Minutes Retail Sampler
Superb 1999 Canadian 14-track promotional-only CD, which includes fantastic tracks from Hours and classics from Bowie's extensive back catalogue. Housed in a unique and custom 'classic Bowie album covers' picture sleeve, this rarity has endured as a favorite among both collectors and music enthusiasts, and is rumoured to have been pressed in an extremely limited quantity of 350,half of which were destroyed due to a licensing dispute!
IRON MAIDEN The Wicker Man
Rare 2000 US 2-track withdrawn promotional only CD including Radio Version and Radio Edit. The version's featured on this CD both feature lyrics removed from any other version released. Housed in a CD album casewith a custom picture sleeve featuring a great picture of the band, plus tour dates, and a custom back insert!
Be the first to commentWaxwings
- type
- Book
- Current Status
- In Season
- author
- Jonathan Raban
- publisher
- Pantheon
- genre
- Fiction
We gave it an A-
Half-drunk and gazing at the sea from the window of his creaky old Seattle house, Hungarian-born Tom Janeway, a middle-aged professor, writer, and NPR commentator, is ”struck dizzy by the thought that he wanted nothing else than to be here, now.”
A protagonist this happy on page 25 of a 282-page novel would seem to be in for some rough times ahead, and sure enough, Tom sees more than his share in Waxwings, the marvelous opening installment of Raban’s proposed trilogy set in the Pacific Northwest. It’s the fall of 1999, and Tom’s wife, Beth, works at a go-go dotcom where her options have begun to vest. Unbeknownst to Tom, her greatest pleasure of recent weeks has been fleeing their shambling house and sliding into her brand-new Audi, the purchase of which she counts as ”the most reckless act of self-indulgence she’d ever dared to commit.” She’s been nursing a grudge against her reflexively ironical husband and seethes when she catches one of his wry radio disquisitions on the New Economy. ”He no more understood the online world than he did particle physics…. Once, she had thought him brilliant. Well, she thought, live and f—ing learn.”
Reminiscent of T.C. Boyle’s blistering ”The Tortilla Curtain,” Raban intertwines the Janeways’ story with the Horatio Alger rise of Jin Peng, a Chinese stowaway who arrives illegally on a container ship and launches himself with unbridled determination into Seattle’s construction industry. He renames himself Chick, acquires a gang of Mexican laborers, and turns up at Tom’s house offering to fix his decrepit roof. Before long, he is living there.
”Waxwings” is an intricate social novel of the type that Tom Wolfe loves to carry on about — but doesn’t actually execute very well. As with Wolfe’s extravaganzas, ”Waxwings” teems with juicy, funny characters emblematic of their time and place: Shiva Ray, a mysterious philanthropist who makes all his phone calls from planes, ”giving the impression that a brief moment of leisure was only possible in the sky” and David Scott-Rice, a pudgy British hack who ostentatiously smokes when he’s in Seattle ”to ‘épater’ the Americans.”
But, unlike Wolfe, Raban knows how to bridge the gap between the broad social canvas of satire and the interior life of delicate, rounded characters. The Janeways’ marital collapse is a socioeconomic event, a casualty of Beth’s surging salary and self-confidence. Yet it’s also deeply rooted in the nature of these two precisely drawn human beings: Beth, so crisp and practical that she picks out a condo before telling Tom she’s leaving; Tom, woolly-headed and self-absorbed to the point that her declaration comes as a complete shock.
For 30 years, Raban has been writing multilayered books of travel, memoir, sea lore, and history — sometimes all crammed into the same meaty volume. ”Passage to Juneau,” his dense, discursive account of a sailing trip from Seattle to Alaska, was a flat-out masterpiece.
”Waxwings” isn’t — quite. Chick remains a caricature of naked ambition with a bad accent, and the book feels too short to accommodate all the weighty themes and ideas it’s taken on. Then again, this is an intended trilogy, and Raban may be just warming up.It is becoming a trend and need for everyone to travel to different countries for various reasons. Mostly people go too far areas for tourism and business, one of the most common used countries for this purpose is Vietnam. Getting visa for Vietnam is the easy procedure that requires only legal documents and valid reason for entering in Vietnam. Here I am going to explain you that how to get Vietnam visa on arrival?
Processing Time for Visa Detail for Vietnam
The process time for Vietnam Visa is not that long. On normal circumstances you just have to wait for five business days to complete all the processing details for visa applications with authorization or rejection. In order to make accelerated processing there will be extra charges and will take approximately one to two business days when the Embassy gets the request.
It is notifying that all the applicants if providing their details through mail or delivery than make sure to keep the tracking numbers used on the envelopes when coming and leaving the Embassy. When the required time past and still you do not know the progress of your application then use the tracking number to check mailing details.
Passport Detail for Vietnam
To get a passport for Vietnam that is the original passport needs at the slightest one month legitimacy preceding the date of going from Vietnam and to make a safety span of 06 month validity to see airlines necessities. In pressing circumstances, a visa can be demanded then a copy of passport including latest photo and individual detail sides may be give in as an alternative of the original passport.
Why is it important to get Vietnam Visa Online?
If you want to have the Vietnam Visa then you have to remember there is very strictness about attaining a visa. People are cynical of Internet ads and count on “visa on arrival” endorsement letter. If you take the normal procedure of getting the visa in person it will take a long time. But it appears that getting a VOA was faster, inexpensive, and stress-free than getting one at home and particularly for those traveling and not being in a stable location.
Vietnam Visa Fee Instructions
To make your case move forward and start the processing you have to pay two kinds of fees. One of the charges is the service fee and stamping fee.
- Service fee
Service fee is basically the charges you spend on hiring professionals for doing all the official procedure for you to give in your fully prepared visa request to the Vietnam Migration Department for treating their visa endorsement letters.
- Stamping fee
Stamping fee is the payment you pay straight to Migration Officers in cash using USD or VND which is clearly going to be submitted on front desk of Immigration. This will be completed when you enter at the arrival airport in Vietnam, this will be done when your visa is stamped on your passport. The charges are collected by the Migration Officers and required for all those who use visa on entrance process..
Everyday Super Food
Jamie's book.
Super Food Family Classics.
500 Superfood Dishes
Superfoods are foods that are high in nutrients and health-giving properties. Eating a diet rich in superfoods should help to control weight, curb hunger pangs and cravings, protect from diseases and boost the immune system. But knowing what to eat and how to eat it can be confusing. Getting the most out of superfoods means a wide variety of fruit and vegetables in rich colours, as well as lean meats and oily fish. 500 Superfood Dishes offers an exciting range of healthboosting recipes, from healing soups to cleansing juices, immune-boosting meals, detoxing desserts and sleep-aiding snacks – all destined to become a delicious part of one’s daily routine.
Cook's Bible
Packed full of guides and delicious recipes, this cookbook will give you the knowledge to make a mouth-watering selection of meals and treats.
How do you boil an egg? How do you make a scrumptious chocolate mousse? How do you make the perfect mash? Look no further than this all-in-one cookbook! Learn the basics and master all the techniques to become a great cook. Packed full of guides and delicious recipes, this cookbook will give you the knowledge to make a mouth-watering selection of meals and treats.
Super Foods Recipes
Join the wholefood revolution and discover nourishing dishes that are built around health-boosting food groups and powerful superfoods. With our hectic lifestyles it?s all too easy to reach for unhealthy snacks, but many people are choosing to improve their health from the inside out. With Super Foods Recipes you can, too. From gorgeous greens and legumes to vibrant fruits and grains, this book proves that wholesome meals can be delicious yet simple. With nutrient-packed, energizing recipes, this latest addition to our Feeling Good range will help you achieve optimum health..The last few
words of Pratyusha Banerjee...
The real reason behind her suicide...
And the questions circling her mysterious death might have finally got their answers...
Well It surely can’t get uglier than this. The mysterious death of Pratyusha Banerjee stirred a controversy for the longest time and still continues to do so. While pratyusha’s parents are still hoping to see the culprit punished, there has been a recent development in this case.
The transcribe of the last conversation between Rahul Raj Singh and Pratyusha Banerjee has come to light. Cuss words and shocking revelations is what this conversation consists off, apart from Pratyusha specifying the reason for her suicide. Shockingly, it seems like Pratyusha is not in her senses during the entire conversation. Reportedly, this was the last conversation Pratyusha had with anyone before committing suicide.
Pratyusha’s parents, Soma and Shankar have been fighting a legal battle against Pratyusha’s boyfriend Rahul Raj Singh. The actress, they allege, was mentally, physically and financially abused by him. A month after the Balika Vadhu actress’ death, they even went to meet Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh. The couple wants the case to be handed over to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), a request that’s yet to be granted.
Pratyusha’s parents continue to state that their daughter was too strong to commit suicide, accusing rahul of murder. Hopefully this recent development in the case will help the case.
Thumbnail Image Source: vntinnhanhEdible Art also known as food art is the best way to keep your little tykes’ interest in eating. For Samantha Lee, what started as an effort to keep her elder daughter intrigued by the idea of eating by herself, is now a collection of plethora of foodscapes that she prepares for her two daughters for breakfast, lunch and dinner. This extraordinarily ordinary art has rocketed her to fame with over 567831 followers on Instagram and 71,000 likes on her Facebook page.
How did she develop a passion for Edible Art? “I started my very first Bento making in December 2008, when I was heavily pregnant with my second daughter,” she states on her blog. “It was to let my elder daughter to eat independently after the arrival of her younger sister. I was very lucky and blessed that my creations never failed to impress my elder daughter and it made her looked forward to the next meal. Now, she has her little sister fighting over which character they should get during mealtime. It makes meal time extremely fun.”
She further states, “I sketch my designs before I make them into food to stay organized and prevent food wastage. Scissors, knives and toothpicks are my tools. I like to make something practical, something for everyone to be able to follow.”
Samantha has not undergone any professional training and relies on simple tools to create these adorable edible characters.
Her food art consists of famous cartoon characters, pop culture artists, famous celebrities, animals, birds, superheroes and even famous monuments.
She even runs workshop for kids to learn food art. Her artwork has been featured on various websites like The Huffington Post, Buzzfeed and Daily Mail.
Here are some of her best edible celebrities, cartoon characters, animals and almost everything which can be drawn.
1. Adele – Rolling in the Deep – Love the expression
2. Snow white with the poisonous apple (well not poisonous here, though)
3. A view of Amsterdam
4. Batman and an edible bat
5. Bruce Lee with nun-chucks
6. Charlie Chaplin
7. Cristiano Ronaldo
8. Amy Winehouse
9. Albert Einstein with his theories (Phew! the intricate drawing is so cool)
10. Elsa from animated feature, Frozen
11. Queen’s guard
12. These little monsters remind me of the Pacman game
13. Angry Bird Burger Patty with Apple Catapult
14. Audrey Hepburn
15. Pokrovsky Cathedral (formerly known as Saint Basil’s Cathedral)
16. Fred Flintstone from the famous cartoon show, The Flintstones
17. Wilma Flintstone
18. Wednesday Friday Addams from The Addams Family (comic strip, cartoon and movie)
19. Merida from the animated movie, Brave
20. Owl (Dreamy or sleepy?)
21. Elvis Presley
22. Catwoman
23. Harry Potter with his owl, Hedwig
24. Michael Jackson – King of Pop
25. Hermoine Granger
26. Snow Queen
27. Madonna
28. Angelina Jolie in Maleficent
29. Marge Simpsons
30. Maya Angelou
31. Lionel Messi
32. Pinocchio
33. Psy – Oppa Gangnam Style
34. Robber
35. Snow white in the making
36. Snoopy the Dog from comic strip, Peanuts
37. Well Samantha Lee is indeed a Wonder Woman.
I better start learning and practicing this creative art. It would certainly help me approach mealtimes in a creative way for my daughter.Importance Of Business Leadership Skills
Over the past several years during the present economic scenario many categories of business experts have speculated about what it takes to be a leader. Is a leader someone who develops the company and will stop at not get profits? After all, without profits a business are unable to operate. However, we have seen that […]Code of Conduct for Coaches, Officials & Volunteers
- Consider the well-being and safety of participants before the development of performance. Encourage gymnasts and praise for good performance and effort and not just for results.
- Develop an appropriate working relationship with gymnasts using kind, respectful and appropriate language at any time whilst involved with club activities. Arriving for sessions punctually allowing sufficient time to set up and prepare as necessary
- Never consume alcohol immediately before or during training or events
- Never have contact with gymnasts outside of the gym without the prior consent of the Head Coach
- Never exert undue influence over gymnasts to obtain personal benefit or reward
- Always report any incidents, referrals or disclosures immediately, following the appropriate guidelines set out in the BG Child Protection policy 2004
- Strive to be a suitable role model for the clubâ€™s members
- Make sure that confidential information is not divulged unless with the express approval of the individual concerned
- Promote the positive aspects of gymnastics (e.g. fair play, respect for others)
- Encourage gymnasts to value their performances and not just results
- Follow all guidelines and Club and Training Rules laid down by BG and Southbourne Gymnastics Club
- Mobile phones must not be used in the gym except in an emergency
Code of Conduct for Parents, Guardians & Carers
- Encourage your child to learn the Club & Training rules and participate within them
- Encourage your child to treat others with kindness and respect
- Help your child to recognise good performance, not just results
- Set a good example by recognising good sportsmanship and applauding the good performances of all
- Never force your child to take part in gymnastics
- Always ensure your child is dressed appropriately for the activity and has plenty to drink. Ensure they punctual and are dropped off and picked up from the gym (rather than the Centre)
- Keep the club informed if your child is ill or unable to attend sessions
- Endeavour to establish good communications with the club, coaches and officials for the benefit of all
- All ideas and suggestions matter to the Club if delivered in a polite manner. Share any concerns or complaints about any aspect of the club through the approved channels.
- Use correct, respectful and appropriate proper language at all times
- Never punish or belittle a child for poor performance or making mistakes
- Support your childâ€™s involvement and help them to enjoy their gymnastics
Code.
- As a member of Southbourne Gymnastics Club you are expected to abide by the following club rules:
- All members must participate within the Club & Training Rules and respect coaches and judges and their decisions
- All members must respect opponents and fellow club members. All members will be treated equally and no bullying within the club will be tolerated
- Anyone coming into contact with the club, in any capacity, will be treated with respect in the gym, at competitions and at external training sessions
- Members should keep to agreed timings for training and competitions or inform their coach, or if they are going to be late
- Members must wear suitable clothing for training and events as agreed with their coach
- Members must not smoke, consume alcohol or take drugs of any kind whilst representing the club
- Members should treat all equipment with respect
- Members must inform the head coach of any injuries or illness they may have before the warm-up begins
- Members should not eat or chew gum during a session
- Members are asked to treat others with kindness and respect and must not use bad language
- Members should remain with coaches at the end of a session until collected by their parent or guardian from the gym (not the Centre)Meet "Zoe," a 13 year old, FS, DSH. She weighs 11.63 lbs; BCS = 6/9. *She had lost 1 pound since last visit (6 months ago).
Presenting Complaint: lethargy and hyporexia x 2-3 days.
Exam Findings:
Temp = 105.3 F
QAR; icteric sclera; increased skin turgor, tacky and mildly icteric mucous membranes.
Here are initial blood test and urinalysis results for this patient:
Question: Differentials at this point? Thoughts about how to proceed? Initial Treatment? Next in Diagnostics?
Let's see - how about an FeLV/FIV test? I like to be sure we do this on every sick cat.
Some thoughts (in no particular order):
- When I see total bilirubin getting above 3.0 mg/dL, I think most strongly about hepatobiliary disease rather than other causes of hyperbilirubinemia (and we don't have evidence of hemolysis in this case).
- Any degree of bilirubinuria is significant in cats
- Cats can have liver disease with normal liver enzymes
- Given that her physical examination shows dehydration, I am surprised her urine SG is not higher. What kind of diet is she on? Cats eating only canned food diets can have lower normal urine SG than cats on dry diets.
- her temp of 103.5F is pyrexic, correct? (Fahrenheit challenged Canadian here!). Pyrexia can be from inflammation or infection.
So her problem list:
- hyporexia (2-3 days but probably longer)
- icterus
- pyrexia
- weight loss
- dehydration
I'd like to know what her serum cobalamin level is.
Initial treatment would involve rehydration and I'd give cobalamin (after a sample is drawn to test levels).
Any clues she might be nauseous (lip smacking, turning away from food, etc)? I'd probably assume she is nauseous and give her maropitant or mirtazapine. We can give mirtazapine to patients with liver or kidney disease but it is best to extend the dosing interval (same for maropitant).
I'm surprised that her CK isn't higher as with that amount of weight loss, I would suspect she has been anorectic longer than the owner reported and CK levels tend to increase quite a bit in anorexia/hyporexic cats with weight loss. Most owners feed cats ad lib and so don't tend to notice hyporexia until it is more advanced. CK levels can actually be used to monitor progress in anorexic cats as they tend to decline when adequate nutritional support is provided.
We'll need to estimate her current daily caloric intake and have a plan for nutritional intervention within about 24 hrs, regardless of her underlying disease and ongoing investigations.
Do we know what her fecal score is?
And I think some imaging is in order! Was her abdominal palpation totally normal? Any sign of abdominal pain?
Susan
My handy online Celsius convertor says 105.3 F is 40.7 C. The normal cat body temperature is 37.8- 39.0 C. Here fever is quite significant. All of your observations are spot on, Dr. Little.
What made this case a little more challenging happens to all of us every day - context. While the history included hyporexia of about 2-3 days, what I learned after listening for awhile is that this usually very observant and informed client usually gave me all the information I needed, there were distractions happening. Her husband had recently been diagnosed with a life threatening illness. After we talked for awhile, it became clear that Zoe had been observed less closely than usual and, perhaps, had been not herself for a time. She reminded me of how important it is to allow clients to tell their whole story. Stay tuned...
So, Zoe was hospitalized (she did vomit while in the hospital) and the initial treatment plan was:
- IV Fluids
- Fluoroquinolone to address the fever
- Cerenia
- Vitamin B12
An abdominal ultrasound was performed (image below). The liver parenchyma appeared normal though there was a 4 cm fluid filled structure believed to be compressing and obstructing the gall bladder.
Opinions by a surgeon and ultrasonographer concluded that bile flow was not obstructed.
The owner was informed that surgical exploration may be necessary as well as placement of an esophagostomy tube should she not improve with empirical treatment. Owner agreed.
Zoe was maintained on IV fluids, four quadrant antibiotic therapy and Cerenia for 3 days.
Our working diagnosis was infectious cholangitis.
She continued to improve and began to eat on her own while hospitalized. She was discharged on day 4. Her follow up lab values improved:A stabbing attack in Tel Aviv killed two people on Thursday, while the Palestinian assailant was injured and arrested, Israeli police said, in the first such incident in several days.
Advertisement
Police described the attacker as a 24-year-old from the Hebron area in the occupied West Bank.
One of those killed was an Israeli man of around 20, while the other was a man of around 50, police said.
Some Israeli media reported that the attack occurred around a room used as a synagogue in a larger building in Israel’s commercial capital. Other reports said it happened outside the building.
AFPBig Bend EMT program, and registering for elective seminars and lectures. Which college degrees give you the best chances of finding employment after graduation? There are accredited nursing certificate programs that can help launch your career, performing a variety of medical services within a hospital setting. Concentrating on Big Bend Community College EMT program, for example, you may gain an advantage in job recruiting on-campus. Check with the EMT department for course registration deadlines, and emt training program requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for Big Minnesota State College health policy as a complementary elective to your primary course of study.
NURSING SUPERVISOR
Clinton Hospital
Demonstrated prior leadership experience such as Charge Nurse, Nursing Management, or Nursing Supervision. Acting as a resource to all Nursing services which..
1 hour ago Transportation CNA
Willow Creek Nursing and Rehab
Now accepting applications for a CNA to be responsible for transport of residents via company van. This is a day Shift position Monday-Friday with on-call
12 hours ago Registered Nurse, RN All Shifts
PruittHealth
Associate of Nursing (ASN) or Bachelors of Nursing (BSN) degree Required. Graduate of a nursing program. New Graduates of a nursing program eligible..
58 minutes ago Nurse Manager Emergency Services
Clinical Management Consultants
The ER Nurse Manager will be supported by quality charge nurses, experienced nursing supervisors and hard working staff nurses.
4 hours ago Registered Nurse RN - Home Infusion - Weekend Per Diem
CVS Health
Provide one-on-one home infusion nursing care visits and patient education in accordance with the physician's plan of treatment.
14 hours ago RN or LPN 7P-7A
Signature HealthCARE LLC
Provide direct nursing care to the residents and supervise the day-to-day nursing activities performed by nursing assistants..
4 hours agoChoose your room
Nh Sevilla Plaza De Armas 4*
Set in the heart of Seville, this 4-star hotel offers quality services and a warm atmosphere. Built in 1992, the pleasant hotel was renovated in 2008.
Nh Sevilla Plaza De Armas is also 1150 meters away from Seville Cathedral . The city center lies within 2 km from the venue.
An opera, a theater and a church are set within walking distance.
There are 262 non-smoking rooms appointed with climate control, LCD flat-screen TV, a laptop-compatible safe, a trouser press and a DVD player. Guests will appreciate a magnificent view of the canal from their rooms. They feature contemporary décor and original leather furniture.
A healthy breakfast is served at the restaurant. Guests can dine at the modern on-site restaurant serving international cuisine. Day At The Lobby bar is available on site. Offering a variety of dishes, Gaia 2025 SL. And Fosters Hollywood are just about 50 meters away.
The hotel's prime location offers to get to San Pablo airport in 15 minutes by car.
Nh Sevilla Plaza De Armas also offers bicycles and cars for rent.
Nh Sevilla Plaza De Armas pampers guests with a sun deck, loungers and a swimming pool. rooms
- Wi-Fi
- Paid parking
- Safe deposit box
- 24-hour check-in
- 24-hour reception
- No pets allowed
- Rooms/ Facilities for disabled
- Public areas with access for disabled
- Wheelchair access
- Security
- Luggage storage
- Elevator
- Coffee shop
- Lobby
- Ice machine
- Multilingual staff
Food & Drinks
- Refrigerator
- Paid breakfast
- A la carte restaurant
- Cafe
- Lobby bar
- Poolside snack bar
- Snack bar
- Buffet breakfast
Leisure & Activities
- Seasonal outdoor pool
- Beach access
- Sun terrace
- Solarium
- Fitness center
Services
- 24-hour room service
- Housekeeping
- Car rental
- Bicycle rental
- Self-service laundry
- Dry cleaning
- Tours/Ticket assistance
- Wedding services
- Medical facilities service
- Wake up service
- Shops/Commercial services
- Shoe shine service
- Newspaper service
- Business center
- Meeting/ Banquet facilities
- Business services
- Projector
Room Amenities
- In-room air conditioning
- Central heating
- In-room safe
- Mini-bar
- Soundproofed rooms
- Connecting rooms
- Living room
- Dressing area
- Rooftop terrace
- Balcony
- Chaise lounges
- In-room desk
- Ironing facilities
- Rollaway beds
- Private bathroom
- Shared bathroom
- Bath/ Shower
- Hair dryer
- Towels
- Bathrobe
- Slippers
- Room toiletries
- Pillow menu
- Changing of linen
- Down/Feather pillows
- Flat-screen TV
- Hi-Fi
- Internet television
- Paid movies/Video
- Direct dial telephone
- Radio
- AM/FM alarm clock
- Cribs/ Baby cots
- Paid babysitting/ Child services
- Video games
- Parquet floorcurrent rating
This location hasn't been rated yet
Description
The museum enlightens minds through a fun and creative learning environment where hands-on experiences spark curiosity, discovery and the joy of exploration.
Hours
Tuesdays - Sundays: 11am to 5pm
Estimated Cost: $7
Ages: All
Type: Children
review zoneSubmit A Review
There are currently no reviews for this location
Be The First Person To Review It!
Be The First Person To Review It!Donna Noble: “What time does Vesuvius erupt? When’s it due?”
The Doctor: “It’s 79 A.D. 23rd of August; which makes Volcano day-tomorrow.”
Donna Noble: “Plenty of time. We can get everyone out, easy.”
The Doctor: “Yeah, except we’re not going to.”
Donna Noble: “But that’s what you do. You’re the Doctor. You save people.”
The Doctor: “Not this time. Pompeii is a fixed point in history. What happens, happens. There’s no stopping it.”
Donna Noble: “Says who?”
The Doctor: “Says me.”
-Doctor Who, “The Fires of Pompeii”
This is related to a dream I had last weekend. It presented me with a totally theoretical morality question, but one that I’d like to know on which side people tend to fall.
Let’s say that you had the power to travel back in time. I don’t give a shit how. DeLorean, police box, magic tampon dispenser, whatever.
You are given knowledge that someone in the immediate vicinity is about to die under accidental circumstances, but that you can easily prevent it without putting yourself in any danger. Maybe a guy is about to get hit by a stagecoach in 1880 and you can prevent it just by talking to him on the curb so he isn’t standing at the street at the time he would otherwise have been run down. Once you make your choice, you will pull the handle on the magic tampon dispenser and return to Donald Trump’s 2017 with all the safety and happiness that signifies, leaving the guy standing there in bewilderment.
Who here would talk to that guy and keep him busy and save his life? It isn’t a big deal, after all, and you lose nothing from the effort. Or is it even a big deal? Keep in mind that the guy would be dead by now anyway so it doesn’t really matter, does it?
Do you still say that you save the guy? Alright. What if it turns out you didn’t realize that the man you saved was actually a potential suitor for your great-great-great grandma and since he lives, she doesn’t decide to just settle for second best and marry your loser great-great-great grandaddy as she was originally destined to? You just cancelled your own existence. How about that, McFly?
Also, because of the Butterfly Effect, you come back to 2017 and find that the Kardashians somehow became the greatest political dynasty since the Kennedy’s and La La Land won the Oscar for Best Picture in this new timeline. Okay, one of those could still happen.
Some people find that the moral choice of saving a life is always justified, regardless of the costs. When we’re given power and knowledge, we should use it for good. Other people can have a more philosophical view and say that everything happens for a reason and that it would be wrong to change Fate or God’s Will or they’re just too lazy to get involved, I don’t know.
In TV’s Quantum Leap, Dr Sam Beckett participates in a botched scientific experiment and ends up finding himself travelling through time. The whole series is him being sent back to different points in time and trying to figure out how to get home. The scientists on the project and their AI are able to determine that Sam is always being sent back specifically so that he can change history and when he brings about the outcome of “putting things right which once went wrong”, he “leaps” to the next time period. Sam and the scientists on his project don’t actually understand why this is happening, but they change history just the same and for the better as far as the individuals involved are concerned. It’s very human in that they aren’t certain what to do, but decide that being good is probably the best course of action and the one that comes easy to Sam.
In Doctor Who, The Doctor is an alien Time Lord. He sometimes randomly, sometimes deliberately travels through time and gets involved where he sees fit, but there’s a caveat: he’s not supposed to change certain “fixed” points in history. There are some things he can’t change and it’s kind of shocking in those episodes where he calmly let’s people die, but when fixed points do get tampered with, the consequences can be much more horrific. Unlike Sam, The Doctor fully understands what he’s doing and all of the implications that come from it. He’s older, wiser, and knows the outcomes but what’s important is that he puts emotion aside. It’s not human, but neither is he. The human characters frequently have to provide that more emotional perspective [Edit: I had an unfinished thought there].
In the above conversation between The Doctor and Donna, she’s aghast that The Doctor is perfectly satisfied to let Pompeii burn with all the women and children and puppies. If you never saw the show, I swear he’s a good guy. Oh, and if you’ve seen that episode, don’t muddy the waters by telling everyone how it ends. Yes, I know what he does, but he still lets lots of people die despite being fully capable of stopping it. So shut up.
Here’s the question for the group then. If I sent you back in time to save the lives of 10 random nobodies who all died off at least a century ago by stopping them from dying in easily-preventable accidents, would you intervene or would you not? Why or why not?
Oh, and for those of you who think it’s easier to just let it happen, there’s a caveat: You have to stand there and watch them die. And some of them will be kids. You didn’t think I’d make this easy, did you? You like this timeline so much, you get to see it play out, Mr. John Smith.
Where do you stand on this question of Compassion vs Wisdom, Morality vs Destiny, NBC vs BBC? What would you do?
Well, I probably wouldn’t-if I could avoid it. Star Trek had the same dilemma for Jim Kirk and Edith Wheeler-he lets her die so that the happy future he knows will exist-if she lives, she becomes a pacifist leader whose good intentions allow the Nazis to win World War Two.
Later Trek series (particularly Voyager) had characters being Doctor Becketts to save their own regardless of the consequences to the time stream, and it bugged me that they always seemed to have happy endings. Of course, Sam doesn’t know what’s going to happen half the time and the people he saves are important to the timeline. But it might have been a more interesting show if he couldn’t save everyone or had to make a choice as to who to save (and I liked the show.)
From a purely logical POV, the Doctor has it right-some things can’t be changed. We learn from history, including its bad moments. Take them away and maybe something worse happens that we wouldn’t be prepared for. If you had a chance, maybe you could save an individual-but even there, if its a nobody in their own time, they might have descendants who become somebody, including somebody bad. Time travel can be tough, and sometimes you need tough love to deal with it.
I meant Edith Keeler. A fanboy should know better…
I fancy myself as Phil the weatherman
AT LAST I HAVE DRAWN OUT THE MIGHTY SANTINO! Good to see you! Hope you’re ready for some DJ thread action this week.
Yeah, the Logic vs Emotion is the hardest one to grasp. You can be fully logical and utterly right, but I think we’d all on an instinctual level WANT to jump in and help. If we didn’t, it’s because reason would prevail but it would stink.
I’d not intervene. Why? Command & Conquer: Red Alert. For those who haven’t played it, it’s a game I played years ago. The premise is that Einstein develops time travel, and goes back in time to just after a young Adolf Hitler is released from prison, and kills him, thereby stopping WWII and the Holocaust. Unfortunately by doing this, Stalin and his ambition is left unchecked, and he starts a war that makes WWII look like a schoolyard skirmish.
Not to mention Marty McFly, and saving his stupid dad from the car…that could have ended very badly, and I like Marty too much.
I’m just glad to see the old gang back (hello to kevinmkr)!! Thanks for doing this.
The DJ threads will be much better now that I have access to YouTube at my new job.
I love the hell out of RA2. Been a pain in the ass to run it right on Windows 10, but I still have it installed and play it every few months on the very laptop I’m typing this.
Korean Black Eagle Squadron FTW!
I just recently watched The Imitation Game, and there was a more realistic/plausible real world scenario that relates to this post. Ultimately they break the German code, and they have perfect information to save lives. However, they use this information more robotically and determine statistically how many attacks can be thwarted without the Germans figuring out their code’s been cracked. Sacrifice the few for the benefit of the many. Morally speaking, the math is hard to comprehend. Are the 100 deaths you knowingly let happen less than the potential 10,000 you’ve saved? You have to be cold to remove the human emotion from making those types of decisions.
It definitely explains why so many Presidents, CEOs, and other senior authority figures need to be a psychopath to some degree, indeed.
Churchill actually had sit there and say, “Do we let Coventry get pounded, or lose our intelligence edge by sending the whole RAF to stop a massive attack we know is coming?” Coventry was nearly wiped out. Churchill and The Doctor were good friends, though. This is known.
Another great old movie on this theme is The Final Countdown from 1980-ish. The modern USS Nimitz with its complement of F-14 Tomcats goes through a wormhole and ends up on December 6, 1941 near Pearl Harbor.
The captain and crew are fully capable of stopping the Pearl Harbor attack….but should they? Highly recommended.
I like these time travel discussions not just because of the great movies and tv shows there are to discuss, but because it really says a lot about us and how we view the use of any great power for what we believe to be the greater good. People are quite different on this.
I shall have to look up The Final Countdown.
Hey, Santino! Go Blue! I’ll be in your neck of the woods in May — flying out of YYZ. Might be back for a proper visit at the end of July for the Festival of Beer (and Sloan, of course).
Oh, you’ll love it. Great cast and did I mention…TOMCATS VS. ZEROS?
Man, it’s been years since I’ve been to the TFOB (I don’t even think it was called that the last time I went). Look me up if/when you’re in Toronto. It would be nice to catch up with you. We don’t make it to Michigan as often as we used to. I know we’ll be in TC early August.
Also check out the books Timescape, Replay, and even Stephen King’s 11/22/63 for the consequences of changing the past. “A Sound of Thunder” (Ray Bradbury) is sort of the ultimate statement on this.
Oh, yeah! A Sound of Thunder. Haven’t read that one since high school. It’s definitely big on the butterfly effect, literally, as I recall.
Not remotely time travel-related, but have you read anything from David Wong, WVR? Either John Dies at the End or Futuristic Violence and Fancy Suits? He’s the Editor at Cracked.com and writes the most mind-blowing stuff.
would you intervene or would you not? Why or why not?
The Easy out:
If Time travel is possible, then time travelers, have already been in from our view in the past and any interaction that they have had have already figured in to your world point of view. if those 10 died in accidents, then when you do travel back, for what ever reason you didn’t affect their fates. Simply what ever choices you might make were already made, and the end result was the fatal accidents.
The Harder one.
Assuming you can alter the fate of these dammed 10, then what ever action would take creates a new branching Multi verse of choices,continuously branch with each new decision that is made due to your immersion in that era, from the mosquito that you wave off , that goes on to give another person malaria , to making someone late for dinner by bumping into them in your haste, to actually stopping a accidental death.. branching branching branching into the Nth power.. and then what? could you ever go back to your time line? What would be that point in that since you decided to save those 10 dammed. your original time like they died, all you would get is the moral superiority feeling of saving 10 lives that in your time line are still dead.a empty feeling….
The Hardest.one: . They die, you eat popcorn, and go back home. a product of the 21st century whom has watched countless Live Leak Videos of Death and mayhem seen ppl killed, and generally dont give a crap about many others because, you been burned too many times by other people, or just fucking tired of peoples shit………… or maybe you know deep down that ther eis no going home if you save them, and saving 10 could easily condemn millions to nonexistance, everyone you know could be gone, and far worse things could happen
Me: Get nice and roaring drunk cry wail…. fuckit… go get back in the time machine go home hug my loved ones…hope i didn’t step on a fucking butterfly on the way back…
poping historic figures that we all despise, is a great past time, till you sit and think about what could happen…. hell smothering Temijin in his crib, and no Mongol empire…Millions saved….. Putting Justinian and Theodora to a long dirt nap before he lets his paranoia get the best of him… so many points that coudl spawn radical changes in the world to follow… Orson scott card.Wrote a novel that postulated that Chris Columbus was derailed and sent off on a holy war against isalm, instead of trying to sail west..Teh result is the successor state of the Aztec empire which is more viscous and adaptability then its predecessor makes contact with Europe , and in dong so unleashes rein of terror that makes any of the European colonization horrors pale……
really cool flick….
Heh i had a general outline of a story where a WW2 era troop ship and its escort a DD eh ,, maybe a ED…, pop back to 1774……
Eric flints 1632, is a fun read…. a bit out there, but the following books heavily influenced by the fans and a desire to wring actual historic events and effects out into the stories , makes it a worth wile read.,
< a West Virginia town, residents and such all get whisked away by a alien industrial accident to 1632, ploped down inthe middle of the German forests during the worst of the Thirty years war..
Are you watching Timeless on NBC? It’s literally this dilemma in weekly episodes. Plot holes you can drive a truck through, but fun. There are two time machines. A bad guy is using one to go to their version of fixed points in history to deliberately attempt to change them and the good guys chase him to limit the damage.
passed on that, and this weird one im seeing advertisements for, about a Red Body bag with a time machine init????
That one looks like Hot Tub Time machine and Drunk History had a baby. I also passed on that.
Timeless is more like Quantum Leap with better costumes.
Ha ha! Perfect.
Okay, so I’m not the only one who didn’t get Drunk History? Everybody keeps raving at me about that one and I just could not get into it.
This is the only drunk history I like 😉
Oh, and I haven’t seem Timeless, but I’ll give it a whirl when I get a chance. I don’t have cable. We’re one of those Netflix/Amazon/Vudu only families. I’d have to find that one on Hulu, which I don’t have, I suppose.
Ah, fucker! You just invented the Trumproll
Drunk History? hmm no clue… but id take that up! LOl.
Do NOT watch the ASOT movie. I made that mistake. It’s awful. Or watch it. But watch it BECAUSE it’s awful. Either way, it diverges from the novel in most heinous ways.
Have any of Bradbury’s works ever turned into good movies? I’m wanting to say no. I love his stories, but he’s in that category of sci-fi that doesn’t seem to transcend media. Hitchhiker’s Guide is like that too.
Watched it yesterday while I was flying home from Kansas City. Pretty good movie. I never realized how much a younger Martin Sheen reminds me of Charlie Sheen…without the insanity.
You were in KC? Ah, do you come back often?
Wow. No kidding. I just had to go through the list on IMDB. I never would have thought that Stephen King would sit so high above the bar.As an anonymous user, you can only add new data. If you would like to also modify existing data, please create an account and indicate your languages on your user page.
allettamento
- Language: Italian
- ►▼ enticement[Edit] : Something that entices.
- ►▼ Definition
- ►▼ Synonyms and translations2/12/16 From Mike Jackson
Colleagues,
For your edification, I am forwarding community information, developed by the Department of Health and Human Services.
HHS, through partnerships and the District Department of Human Services offers pathways forward for the Georgia Avenue Partnership, (GAP) to provide federal Grants for additional community services for Ward 4 constituencies on Georgia Avenue. Implementing applications for workforce programs, coupled with Grants and Scholarships is my key focus. GABIDDC, and UDC has and is developing new curriculum for the purpose of implementing Workforce Programs specific to scopes of work within the community.
* The Elm Street Group has broken ground for the development of 225 units of housing, across the street from Walter Reed.
* The new DC Firer House is under way with renovations at 4TH and Butternut, NW
* Walter Reed will be coming on-line within the next six month,
The DC government lag time for implanting a means for training progress applications from the city council appears to fall on deaf ears.
Curriculum, and class room space are just two of the components required to deliver results successfully. A commitment
from stakeholders to deliver scopes of work that can be obtained to offer work to human capital resources within
the immediate community needs to be address, by the ANC’s and educational stakeholders Coolidge and Roosevelt.
Emory Beacon and GABIDDC are developing scopes of work for implement a clean team for Georgia Avenue..
This is a starting point, developing 7 job’s is not enough. when there exist over 1,000 that could be realistically prepared
and trained to implement.
Building the skill sets within the community, is the foundation and platforms of economic and community development.
The Brookings Institute labels the process as “Building A City from Within”
The point of this information, is to solicit feedback and your input
On February 22nd 2016, please offer your input at the ANC 4 B meeting..
Sincerely,
Michael A. Jackson
—– Forwarded Message —–
From: The Partnership Center <partnerships@subscriptions.hhs.gov>
To: mikejacksondc@yahoo.com
Sent: Friday, February 12, 2016 10:22 AM
Subject: HHS Partnership Center Newsletter: 12.7 Million signup for Health Insurance, Upcoming Webinars and morePrevious.
Full Paper
Bibliographic reference. Falk, Tiago H. / Stadler, Svante / Kleijn, W. Bastiaan / Chan, Wai-Yip (2007): "Noise suppression based on extending a speech-dominated modulation band", In INTERSPEECH-2007, 970-973.PORTLAND, Ore. - The FBI wants to know who sent dozens of threatening letters about TV coverage of collegiate cheerleaders from Portland, Ore., and elsewhere.
Some of the letters contained an insecticide, KGW-TV reported.
FBI spokeswoman Beth Anne Steele released excerpts of some letters, which have been sent since 2004.
"We are fed up with networks exploiting women in sports coverage. ABC/ESPN exploits collegiate and professional cheer squads in their coverage of football and basketball ..." one excerpt said.
 ... So, we are fed up with this constant exploitation," another excerpt read.
Steele told KGW the excerpts "illustrate the unique nature of the author's grievance, the level of energy the author has devoted to this issue and specific language used by the author."
A $5,000 reward has been offered for information in the case.Baby in test tube
G340/0118 Rights Managed
530 pixels on longest edge, unwatermarked
Request/Download high-res file
Uncompressed file size: 31.9MB
Downloadable file size: 913.7KB
Please login to use the price calculator
Credit: MIKE AGLIOLO/SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY
Caption: A computer generated graphic depicting a baby in a test tube being held up by strands of DNA.
Release details: Model release not required. Property release not required.
Keywords: baby, bioengineering, biotechnology, birth, cloned, clones, cloning, dna, engineered, engineering, fertility, fertilization, genetic, genetically, genetics, graphic, graphics, human, test tube, test tube baby
Licence fees: A licence fee will be charged for any media (low or high resolution) used in your project.Traffic
Black Ice Will Total Your Car
(Photo credit: Sergei Medvedev/Getty Images)
A little bit of snow, a touch of rain, and a whole lot of cold creates the perfect breeding ground for baby patches of black ice. It only takes a little to do a lot – and the Indy metro area got its first healthy helping of it Monday. Here’s what popped up on Twitter - from @WIBCTraffic and other road junkies from around the city:
CRASH! BLACK ICE!⚠️🏒Northwest, left lane BLOCKED on southbound I-465 near I-865 because of a crash (MM 24.6). BLACK ICE REPORTED IN THE AREA, but It could be anywhere (my chair is sitting on some right now...) @93wibc pic.twitter.com/C1rTH1AMRn
— WIBC Traffic (@WIBCTraffic) December 11, 2017
And we're off. Just a bitty piece of black ice jammed up northbound I-465:
TRAFFIC JAM‼️💥Too early for this? "Yes" says the dogleg! Jam on westbound I-465 from I-865 past Michigan Rd due to a crash. Left lane closed and traffic is down to a snarl! @93wibc pic.twitter.com/ehkQ5jU8PX
— WIBC Traffic (@WIBCTraffic) December 11, 2017
RTV6's Julie Pursley - along with chopper pilot Shea Goodpaster - grabbed some pics of the delay:
Big backups on I465 westbound from Michigan Rd to about 86th St due to a crash near the dog leg. @rtv6 @Lauren_Casey pic.twitter.com/SzviSC3WkH
— Julie Pursley (@JuliePursley6) December 11, 2017
Kevin Ratermann of WISH TV showed us the wreckage and offered details on the crash:
I-465 SB / I-865 EB UPDATE: 1 lane of 465 SB still closed & bogging down traffic as it rounds the NW corner. Wrecker is on scene & working to pull a rolled SUV that's 200+ ft from highway. There are reports of ice on I-865 EB, but I didn't see any restrictions #Daybreak8 pic.twitter.com/74pfyoxxCw
— Kevin Ratermann (@Kevin_Ratermann) December 11, 2017
Just down the road, there was another crash on I-465:
CRASH I-465⚠️💥On the west side, a center lane is BLOCKED on northbound I-465 at I-65 (MM 20.1). Traffic HEAVY back to W. 56th St. Careful out there... reports of black ice in the area! @93wibc pic.twitter.com/ePwEwm55nj
— WIBC Traffic (@WIBCTraffic) December 11, 2017
Things got worse on the west side, because of course they did:
UPDATE⚠️💥Right two lanes are now BLOCKED and we are JAMMED back to I-74/Crawfordsville Rd. @93wibc
— WIBC Traffic (@WIBCTraffic) December 11, 2017
Secondary crashes started to pop up on the west and northwest side:
CRASH⚠️💥ANOTHER crash on the northwest side. Please be careful! Black ice reported in the area. Could be slick as snot! @93wibc
— WIBC Traffic (@WIBCTraffic) December 11, 2017
Traffic is flowing again on I465 on northwest side. Police say watch for patches of black ice near the dog leg @rtv6 pic.twitter.com/zRn9nyYIvr
— Julie Pursley (@JuliePursley6) December 11, 2017
It was the first black ice of the season, and it created havok on a well traveled interstate in Indianapolis.
Again, it only takes a little to do a lot - and it's a long winter.
By the way, I attended grade school in southeast Missouri, which is why I though “icey” was the correct spelling of “icy” (see above). It wasn’t until after a day or two that @HoneyWestFan noticed the mistake:
Your graphic creator needs spell check 😉
— FAY PITZ (@HONEYWESTFAN) December 11, 2017
We sent the graphic back to production. Here’s the new pic, so you know what to look out for:
WHAT’S WITH BLACK ICE
Black ice is an abomination. It’s very smooth, glossy, and tough to pick out unless you’re traveling under the right lighting conditions. Black ice doesn’t bubble – like the ice that’s used to chill your highball of Wild Turkey – and sort of goes chameleon while blending in with the surface Worst yet, black ice likes it best during early morning and evening, classifying it as a first class traffic predator.
According to the Indiana Department of Transportation (INDOT), black ice likes to pop up in darker places untouched by the son, such as:
- OFF RAMPS – like the ramp from westbound I-465 to S.R. 37/Harding St.
- BRIDGES – Like the newly renovated bridge at Capitol Ave. over Fall Creek.
- INTERSECTIONS – Aw man. There’s a bunch of them! Ever navigated a roundabout with black ice? Of course you haven’t, otherwise you’d still be on it.
- SHADY AREAS – Alleyways and city streets would be ideal. Also Binford Blvd, during the summertime, when all the leaves are on the trees providing shade. Doesn’t work that way? Says you, Mr. Scientist.
"I WANT TO BE READY!!!"
State Police First Lieutenant Rich Myers – famous for the always informative and entertaining Indiana State Police Roadshow, seen here – offered some words and tips on how to prepare for black ice and other nasty weather stuff before you turn your favorite thoroughfare into a junk yard:
Of course, with any type of suspected ill driving conditions the best advice is to slow your speed, increase your following distance, and be prepared for unforeseen conditions.
It is always good advice not to use electronic devices, eat, shave, apply makeup, read books and newspapers, while driving. All of these I have witnessed during my 31 year ISP career. As unsafe as these attention distractors are during good driving conditions you can only imagine how dangerous they become during bad driving conditions.
I’m usually alone on this one, but I believe in capital punishment for those who text and drive during bad weather. You're off to the booty house, and pray the Governor gonna call.
OOPS. I'M ON BLACK ICE. NOW WHAT?
- Don’t get rattled. Keep yourself straight and DON’T SLAM THE BREAKS. If you slam the breaks, it’s over, and you’re heading back to town in the passenger seat of a wrecker. Let the car just move over the patch and don’t overcorrect - just like driver’s ED. If your butt is starting to slide, turn into the direction of the slide. If you go in the opposite direction, it’s donuts on the interstate.
- Instead of breaks, let off the gas and calmly keep the wheel in the direction it’s already turned at. Slow down by letting yourself naturally deaccelerate. This is the best way to reduce speed.
- Remember, black ice is usually patchy, so if you make a mistake and are in real trouble, JUST STAY COOL. For all you fancy pants drivers, anti-lock brakes (ABS) could come in handy if you absolutely have to break. They'll mimic you manually pumping your breaks.
- If you don’t have ABS, pump the breaks, but NO SLAMMING. If you’re out of control and it's practical, look for something soft to land in - like a snow bank. It beats totalling your and someone else's car.
- When you’re done and your nerves are shot, bail at the next exit and regain your composure. I’d recommend something with a delicious buffet, like the Red Garter.
Again, your composure will dictate how you ultimately handle the situation. Trust yourself and trust your instincts. If inclement weather is forecasted or in progress, leave the phone on the passenger seat and just drive.
INCASEYOUMISSEDIT
There's also a WIBC Traffic snow blog, complete with driving tips from State Police Sergeant John Perrine and Wayne Township Fire Captain Michael Pruitt. Give it a read as a quick refresher, because we're just getting started with this winter thing. Have you read what the Farmers' Almanac is saying about Indiana weather in 2018? I haven't either, but it can't be good.
As always, please be safe out there and THANK YOU for the awesome tips and Twitter conversation. You guys do the hard work - I'm just the messenger.
-Bair
Matthew Bair is the road salt you threw over your shoulder, which unexpectedly led to another seven years of bad luck.. He's the new voice of Indianapolis traffic, and can be followed on Twitter @WIBCTraffic. Tips? Call direct at (317) 684-8134 or the 93 WIBC Newsroom at (317) 637-6397.Excelling in the workplace
What do successful people – Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Richard Branson, etc – all share in common? Through specialising and excelling in different fields, all have one thing in common: They have demonstrated a refusal to rest on their achievements and instead have strived to continually achieve new heights. In one sense, it is a desire to continually better themselves that has transformed them from good to great.
For many of us we may not achieve, or even strive for, the heights of a Branson, Jobs or Gates, but a desire to be a better employee can transform us from a passive bystander in the workplace to an active, or leading, player. Being a better employee will help us improve the quality of our work, drive our careers and gain us recognition.
Here are some things to consider when striving to be a better employee:
Strengths, weaknesses and blind spots
Most of us will know what our strengths and weaknesses are - we endeavour to maximise our strengths by building on them and minimise our weaknesses by mitigating or avoiding them.
What about those strengths and weaknesses that you don’t know about? Has anyone ever praised you for doing something well that you weren’t aware you did well?
Jenny: Fred, I just wanted to let you know that I thought you did a fantastic job handling that query.
Fred: Really? I just do what I normally do. I didn’t realise I did anything special.
Or,
Jenny: Fred, do you realise that your body language was very negative when you were receiving that feedback?
Fred: Was it? I’m sorry, I didn’t realise I was doing anything wrong? What was I doing?
Not knowing your blind spots can be the Achilles heel of a career plan. It’s hard enough to minimise a weakness when you know about it, but when you don’t know about it then it becomes a negative force field that you can feel but can’t see.
The most effective way to discover your strengths, weaknesses and blind spots is to seek quality feedback from significant people in the workplace. Whenever you perform an important task or make a key decision gather honest and open feedback on how you did.
Doing this consistently will show you where your strengths are and what is holding you back.
How do I prefer to work?
We each have different preferences for how we like to work. For example, some people like to be left alone to focus on a task, whereas other people prefer to be around others. How you prefer to work is unique to you. It is a combination of many factors, such as personality, experience and attributes.
To capitalise on your strengths, work to your preferences. If you prefer to work with others, volunteer for group and project work and try to avoid solo tasks. If you prefer to read rather than listen then make notes of conversations and meetings so you can capture ideas in a manner that utilises your strengths.
Working to your preferences amplifies your output and makes you more productive and results in you being a more valuable employee.
How do others prefer to work?
Just as we have a unique approach to work, so do the people we work with.
To be a better employee you need to work well with others. Accept that others, like you, are diverse in their approach. But instead of focussing on the differences, focus your energy on finding commonality. What preferences do you share with your colleague? How can you use these common preferences to build on the diversity?
Paul Allen, Microsoft’s co-founder, in his autobiography, describes the relationship between himself and Bill Gates as uniquely dynamic. Here were two very different personalities joined by a common vision and passion for computer programming. Steve Wozniak describes a similar relation with the late Steve Jobs.
How do I learn?
Richard Branson left school at 16. A dyslexic, his performance at school was poor. In fact, on leaving school, his school headmaster predicted that he would either end up in prison, or be a millionaire. Fortunately for Branson, and the world, he discovered his ability to learn was not through books and school, but through others.
The composer, Ludwig Von Beethoven, was a prolific writer. He compiled numerous sketchbooks, yet he claimed that he never read them when composing music. He claimed that if he didn’t write it down immediately, then he would forget his thoughts. By writing it down he would learn it and never have to look it up again.
Identify how you learn best. Do you learn from others? Do you learn from instructions and books? Do you learn through self-discovery? Again, work to your strengths; “In the past, when have I learnt the most, when have I learnt the least?”
Do I know what’s expected of me?
Successful employees have a strong relationship with their manager or supervisor. Questions such as what are my strengths, weaknesses and blind spots, how do I prefer to work, how do others prefer to work, and how do I learn are all in the context of continually improving my ability to meet and exceed my employer’s expectations.
To be able to successfully meet and exceed your employer’s expectations, ensure you sit down and take the time to ask them to clarify your goals and objectives. Make sure you that your goals and objectives align to theirs and you understand the context of those goals.
Clarifying expectations about goals and objectives can avoid misunderstandings, wasting time and effort on conflicting priorities, and builds trust and confidence amongst employers and employees.5412 NW Burning Tree Ct Portland, OR 97229Single Family Residence
3 Beds, 2 Baths, 1,126 sqft
- Est. Refinance:
- $1,581/mo
5412 NW Burning Tree Ct is a single family residence located in Portland, OR 97229. Built in 1980, this property features 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 6,715 sq ft lot, and 1,126 sq ft of living space. The estimated market value for 5412 NW Burning Tree Ct is $348,000.
For the surrounding community of Portland, OR 97229, the average sale price for similar homes to 5412 NW Burning Tree Ct is $330,099. The nearby schools are very good and include Lenox Elementary School, Liberty High School and J W Poynter Middle School. The natural disaster risk for this area includes low earthquake risk, and very low tornado risk.
Equity & Loan-to-value
Ownership Information
Property Details: 5412 NW Burning Tree Ct
- Single Family Residence
- 3 beds, 2 baths
- Home Size: 1,126 sqft
- Lot Size: 6,715 sqft
- Built in: 1980
- Parcel Number: R0667451
- County: Washington
- Subdivision: SPRINGRIDGE 1
- Census: 4
- Tract: 31504
- Lot: 27
-12 NW Burning Tree Ct is $330,099 ($285Tickets for our Checkatrade Trophy match with Morecambe on Tuesday 3rd October 2017 (7:45pm k/o) are now on sale.
Uwe Rosler’s can qualify for the knockout stages of the competition with a win over The Shrimps, after a 3-0 victory over Leicester City under 21s last month.
Only the Parkside and Memorial Stand will be open for home fans, with the Highbury Stand closed for this match. Away fans will be situated in the Percy Ronson Stand as normal.
Tickets are now on sale and are priced as follows:
Adults - £10
Seniors - £5
Under 16s - £1
To purchase tickets for the match, visit the ticket office at Highbury Stadium, over the phone by calling 01253 775080 or online now.
Hospitality for this game is just £29 per person for a 1 course meal in Parkside Suite, VIP balcony seats. Call 01253 775080 Option 2 to book.[Home] [Up]
Friday Night was the registration at the Aaron Court Motel,
in Ulster Street.
On Saturday, the car show was held in the basement and car
park of the Senior Citizens Building in Victoria street. As there was not enough
room in the basement area, the Waikato cars were displayed outside.
In the afternoon, delegates took a trip on the "Waipa
Delta" on the Waikato River, with a luncheon.
On Saturday night there was a Disco, + supper.
On Sunday, Delegates drove in convoy to Meremere a drag racing
event. On the Sunday night there was the dinner, prize giving and dance.
Below, four conference attendees from Waikato club,
"dressed up" for the conference dinner.
(Theme was Hard luck!). The other photo is the decked out trophy table.
On the Monday, there was a drive in convoy to Waingaro Hot
Springs for a BBQ Lunch and farewells.Justin Sheppard, who is in Grade 12 at Auburn Drive High School, has been mowing lawns and shovelling snow as a part-time job. Last week, he says he sniffed out a new business opportunity because of all the melting snow.
Sheppard and his friend Jared Williams call themselves the Pooper Scoopers. For $15, they'll scoop up all the leftover dog droppings from any lawn. They will get rid of the poop for an extra $2.50 per bag.
He says word about his business is starting to spread after he posted an ad on Kijiji on Wednesday night. Some of his lawn care and shovelling clients want in on his new venture.
"A lot of people think it's a great idea," said Sheppard.
"They [laugh] about it, but they say 'Man, nobody wants to clean up their crap!'"
Sheppard says he has lots of experience cleaning up. His family has a pitbull named Blaze and it has always been Sheppard's job to pick up after it.
"I'm quick and fast. I don't miss any," he said.
Sheppard says the many summers of lawn care work have given him the "stamina" to clean up a whole bunch of poop-covered lawns.
"I think I could [clean] 10 [yards] a day cause I used to mow about 10 lawns a day [during the] summertime," he said.
"Mowing is a lot easier than poop cleaning, right, so I think I could cover 10 a day if it came down to it."
Scooping poop as a full-time job
Sheppard's not the only one in Halifax scooping up poop for money.
Mic Melanson, who runs Scoopy-Poo Dog Waste Removal Services in Dartmouth, has been picking up poop almost full-time since 2008.
He started the business after losing his office job and noticing the void of pooper scoopers in the city. Melanson visits about 50 clients a week and charges each client $70 a month.
"It's profitable. I don't know if I am going to be rich on it but it actually, it gives the finances a little bit of a break," he said.
"It pays my mortgage, let's put it that way."
At first, people laugh when Melanson tells them what he does for a living. After that, he says they ask themselves why they didn't come up with the idea.
Over the six years he's been scooping poop, he's gotten very used to it. It doesn't bother him at all.
"It's just like picking up gravel to be honest with ya. It's not stinky. It's not mushy or gross," said Melanson.
"This time of year is a little bit different, but a good set of rubber boots and some gloves and you're good to go."
Melting snow means poop-fuelled profits
Melanson says this is the busiest time of the year because of all the melting snow. Melanson says it's a great job to have.
"If someone offered me a full-time job for more money, I don't know if I'd take it," he said.
"I play with dogs every day, I'm outdoors every day. There's no stress. There's no pressure. You know, if I leave the yard and everything's gone, my job is done."Discount puma lancaster 0440 slc sale
Find the best Women's Puma SF Pace Cat II In Varsity Red-White
from pumashoeshot.org
with high quality at low price and fast delivery between one week! We also provide full series of Puma Pace Cat Shoes,cheap for wholesale.
...
cheap puma shoes for men
Tag : cheap puma shoes for men
The puma company explains to you competitive leading edge advertising previewing Kylie Jenner In web sites panic attack involving maintaining the Kardashians, Our rap artist got witnessed fuming surrounding Jenner's putting your signature with your puma company opponents to successfully Adidas, That may gulf is joined via to his or her trainer series.
Relish: Kanye western Rages within Kylie cheap puma shoes for men Jenner tying up using the puma company Jenner produced likewise by now caused western side as regards to the Yeezy build up the queue. "Kanye contained Kylie assist in their first two highlights, Betty Kardashian defined interior number. "He totally supported her in this man's business, Analyze on the footwear feud in the recording article. As regards to Us write editors catalog help you get in touch with Us FCC the internet court check document EEO Report Your flat closest nation-Wide politics edwards friend jacob Wetterling Newstips eyesUP Politics KARE Investigates far. Arrive related to 10,000 experiences Castile/Yanez product income effectively beingreasonab 11 confirm life resolutions popularity rock and roll greater county mn proclaim tutori businesses studies youngsters. Jamar Clark what single self-Discipline from tuesday Kare financial crisis product evokes Real programs narcotics loan merchant athletic field US secondary effects for them to store Charlie Foxtrot look at Ways mom and dad Year in outright If acknowledged survive possibility status updates 7 Day local satellite direct tv reasons and Radar and Radar Dew. Merchants manually wind it boost Radars road directions acquire on KARE state's environs is like targets mn conditions Dew link usa knowledge dance watering hole voyage your well-Being decoration study ezines many more and far shop surveyonline website customers petrol KARE spot bids of course Monarch competitive professional fitness CabinCast olympic games graduation u. s. Sven Radar Vikings WNBA: Lynx MLB: Baby twins babies a tremendous amount.
NHL: Untamed national basketball correlation: Timberwolves post all your entire spot SBLII Fairway songs lots very much good deal running patient each week mn Gophers NCAA court contest people lender athletic field offers enjoyment industry hoagie model youthful which people KARE enlarge monetary gain Amped awake. Inventures Cars vehicle critters for kids suffering from professional mn quality tested dishes CarSoup functions a lot of specifications tea With KARE Eleven who just medical consider battles big pumas online store adventure fixtures Monarch mission assignment remember summer season season Healthfair 11 many suggest On Blu beam functions The Wiz alien academy awards compete for solution president Grammys individuals pleased TD Jakes santa claus Norad system one's everything alternatives undertaking inexperienced new moon eyesUP all over match the publicize Team around let us know look at hdthe telly KARE times videos Social. Cancelled Captioning Internships Gameroom mobile phone devices blog get together Us private life Notice/Your arkansas liberties columbia shoes rss system policy has to be the guidelines view textual content puma red shoes online informs posting varieties the legal mobile phone group procedures News open to the widely available FCC examination computer database professions Roku KARE much a little more to do with what exactly is KARE feedback online surveys On NBC tv.
Prev: puma outlet store coupon
Next: cheap puma shoes for menBeere Precision Products manufactures deburring and vibratory finishing equipment, including the new TIPSHEAR®. We also do conventional turning and milling, grit blasting, gun drilling, grinding and passivation. We take great pride in our products and are here to serve you! Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.
At ICAFE INC. we have over 70 years of experience in distributing industrial finishing equipment for the midwest. Our products include, powder coating, liquid coating, surface treatment, and much more. Contact us today!Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.
Iowa Engineered Processes Corporation offers the Cascade System® and deburring equipment that provides consistent high-precision deburring and cleaning of casting and machined parts both inside and out. For more information about our quality products call today. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.
Giant Finishing is a respected manufacturer of deburring tumblers. Tumblers. Deburring Tumblers. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.
Respected and recognized leaders in everything deburring, Engineered Abrasives develops full turnkey systems as well as custom designed automated equipment. We offer a wide range of blast media, with flexible loading and unloading mechanisms and adjustable media feeds. All design and fabrication is done in-house by experienced professionals. Contact us today for any project you may have, via our webpage or by phone. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.
Founded in 1976 in Rockford, IL Spider Company offers a variety of services to many different industries. Spider's specialties include: DEBURRING, FABRICATION, CNC MACHINING, TUBE CELL, LASER CLADDING Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.oll Roller Burnishing Tools. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.
Since 1959, Ultramatic Equipment has been manufacturing a complete line of vibratory finishing equipment and supplies, such as polishing equipment, deburring machines, media and compound. We also offer custom-designed and used equipment. Check out our website! Deburring Tumblers Tumblers Tumblers Tumblers in Michigan. in Michigan.
We are a manufacturer of extrusion handling equipment, paint finishing systems and high-pressure fluid deburring equipment. Looking for deburring machinery that's environmentally friendly? Look no further than Belco Industries! Deburring Tumblers Tumblers Tumblers Tumblers Tumblers in Michigan. Tumblers Tumblers Tumblers Tumblers Tumblers Tumblers in Michigan.. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.. Deburring Tumblers in Mich. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.. Deburring Tumblers in Michigan.. Deburring Tumblers Tumblers Tumblers in Michigan.Prudential Real Estate Investors has acquired 22 West Washington Street, a class-A office building located in downtown Chicago’s Central Loop, for $183.5 million. PREI, acting on behalf of institutional investors in its core real estate fund, is the real estate investment management and advisory business of Prudential Financial Inc.
PREI acquired the property from a joint venture between BlackRock and Golub & Company. Golub and Company will remain the property manager.
The 17-story building, which contains 439,434 sq. ft. of usable space, is located directly across the street from Daley Plaza. It houses the corporate headquarters of Morningstar and the local CBS television affiliate. Completed in 2008, the building is fully leased.
“We believe 22 West Washington is a perfect example of the kind of high-quality core office property that is going to provide a stable cash return over the long-term for our investors,” Catherine Marcus, a managing director and portfolio manager for PREI, said in a statement. “The low-risk profile of this class-A property contributes to the attractive risk-adjusted return and fits in nicely with our broader strategy in the current market environment.”.
A & A grab a quick lunch at the Big River Grille, right under the Boardwalk Inn and Villas, Walt Disney World®
360 VR Tour Disneys Boardwalk Inn standard room
360 VRTour of the Attached Bedroom for a 2 Bedroom Suite (Rm #4226 ) in Disney's Boardwalk Inn. This is a standard room with a door into the Suite.
360 VRTour of the Living Room/Kitchen for a 2 Bedroom Suite (Rm #4226 ) in Disney's Boardwalk Inn.
360 VRTour of the Master Bedroom for a 2 Bedroom Suite (Rm #4226 ) in Disney's Boardwalk Inn.
360 VRTour of the Master Bathroom for a 2 Bedroom Suite (Rm #4226 ) in Disney's Boardwalk Inn.
360 VRTour of the Master Bathroom for the Sonora Suite (Vice Presidential) in Disney's Boardwalk Inn
360 VRTour of the Living/Dining Room and Entry for the Sonora Suite (Vice Presidential) in Disney's Boardwalk Inn
360 VRTour of the Master Bedroom for the Sonora Suite (Vice Presidential) in Disney's Boardwalk Inn
360 VRTour of the Attached Bedroom for the Sonora Suite (Vice Presidential) in Disney's Boardwalk Inn. This is a standard room with a door into the Suite.
360 VR Tour of the Disney Boardwalk, you can see the entrance to the Flying Fish Cafe.
360 VR Tour of the bathroom/bedroom of a Garden Suite (Rm #1210) in Disney's Boardwalk Inn.
360 VR Tour of the living room and wet bar of a Garden Suite (Rm #1210) in Disney's Boardwalk Inn.
Virtual reality tour of entry way to a Concierge Deluxe room #4257 in Disney's Boardwalk Inn. Provides a view of the bathroom and the bedroom.
Virtual reality tour of a Deluxe bedroom, room #4257, with two queen size beds in Disney's Boardwalk Inn. This particular room is a bit larger than the typical room of this type.
Virtual reality tour of main pool in Disney's Boardwalk Inn.
Virtual reality tour of the lobby in Disney's Boardwalk Inn
Virtual reality tour of concierge lounge in Disney's Boardwalk Inn
Virtual reality tour of the Courtyard outside the lobby in Disney's Boardwalk Inn.
Virtual reality tour of the Bellevue Lounge in Disney's Boardwalk Inn.
Virtual reality tour of a sitting area outside the concierge lounge in Disney's Boardwalk Inn.
Member Reviews: | Submit a member review!
My Fave on 2/20/2015 by Mary Jo
Just back and I feel like I have to share: LOVE this resort. It's the best location for restaurants! Eat on the Boardwalk, walk over to Epcot, take a boat to Hollywood Studies or stroll over to the Yacht and Beach Club or Swan or Dolphin. We did all of them and ate our way through our vacation VERY happy :D I like the whimsical decor, too, but the dining options are what take me back there every time.
Perfect on 4/22/2010 by Heather
I've stayed here 3 times now and it never skips a beat! The rooms are clean, bright and cozy and I have never had a bad view out my window! They have an adult pool as well as a great kids pool area. This is a great hotel for couples and families!Read reviews by Heather
Hustle and Bustle! on 7/18/2006 by Ahnalira
If you want Hustle and Bustle this is the resort for you. It's located in the thick of activities... Epcot on one side, MGM Studios on the other, and a Boardwalk of street performers, games, and restaurants right in front of the resort My favorite time to visit the Boardwalk Inn is during the Holiday Season; the lobby is both festive and whimsical - two of my favorite adjectives If I could, I would stay there every year
Whimsy with a great location! on 10/24/2005 by Ser Al: do not stay at the Boardwalk Inn if you are looking a for a quiet, peaceful room... that would be something more like the Wilderness Lodge or even the Beach Club...SHOCK! Breaking News! After Mitt Phony, opps sorry, Romney, strongly lashed out at Trump, he now changed his mind and endorsed Donald Trump for US President 2016! Watch the video above and see for yourself! Prepare to get shocked!
Now that we managed to capture your attention with a sensational title and a sensational first line, here’s the truth. The above video is from 2012, back when Trump endorsed Romney for president. Back then, Romney acknowledged the Chinese problem of stealing US jobs, few days ago Romney lashed out at Trump saying that he is a “phony and fraud” and that this isn’t free trade and that his plan will cause financial issues with China. Look at how pathetic and inconsistent he is. When Romney receives money he can say anything and support anyone. When Trump paid him, he was like “yea! the hell with China! they steal our jobs!” now that the corrupt Establishment paid him, he’s like “ohhh no! the horror! China is our friend, they didn’t steal a single job from us, its free trade! Trump is bad!”.
In 2012 Romney said Trump is a great businessman, now he says he’s a fraud. The only fraud here is Romney because either way, he can easily be bought with money. Either he falsely praised “a fraud and a con artist” (Trump) in 2012 or he falsely bashed a “great businessman” a few days ago. So no matter how you put it, Romney is a complete fraud. A total sham.
Why do these sleazebags have even 1% support across the nation let alone 10-20%?? How come there are so many people so brainwashed?
Besides, by attacking GOP frontrunner Donald Trump and insulting his supporters, establishment shill Mitt Romney is actually endorsing him as an anti-establishment, populist candidate.