Sysreset vs MIRCUpdated on July 4th, 2011 ( 3,435.
Hide your identity while surfing by using proxyUpdated on July 4th, 2011 ( 5,800 views ) No comments) .
Read the rest of this entry »
Larger computer memory doesn’t mean fasterUpdated on July 3rd, 2011 ( 8,016 views ) 3 comments?
Read the rest of this entry »
Happy birthday Nikola TeslaUpdated on July 3rd, 2011 ( 5,091 »
Computer ram tutorialUpdated on July 2nd, 2011 ( 2,586 views ) No comments). Read the rest of this entry »
Beware of Rapidshare phishing siteUpdated on July 2nd, 2011 ( 1,827 views ) No comments
Phishing site is a site that create a clone site or a site that look exactly just as the other site that he want.
The main objective of phishing site is to get your email for spam purpose. However, most of phishing site want to get your username and password for the site so that the owner can access your account.
Phishing site is easy to make
Furthermore, phishing site is really easy to do. Just save the webpage that you want as html complete with image and then upload it to your hosting server. After that you just need to tweak the coding for the login form so that the entered username and password will be save in their database. That’s all.
In most case, Rapidshare is one of the most targeted site for phishing since once they get you to sign in at the phishing Rapidshare site, they will know your premium Rapidshare username and password for sure.
In order to make you don’t realize that you are being phished, they will a make a redirection coding so that you will be brought to the wrong password section at the real Rapidshare site. This will make you thing that it’s your own fault for entering the wrong password.
It looks all natural until you realize that you can’t login at your rapidshare premium account anymore since they have change your password. Read the rest of this entry »
Software detector for Free Rapidshare premium accountUpdated on July 1st, 2011 ( 6,215 »
Different types of soccer ballsUpdated on July 1st, 2011 ( 5,796 »
Cristiano Ronaldo and Paris Hilton going outUpdated on June 30th, 2011 ( 12,182 views ) No comments
Who will not be surprised if they know that Cristiano Ronaldo and Paris Hilton are going out. Furthermore if you see Cristiano Ronaldo with Paris Hilton tucked under his arm at a club in Los Angeles.
According to rumour, it was not the first time Ronaldo and Paris met. Last July she tried to get friendly at a different LA club but he snubbed her efforts.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Paris Hilton also have been seen together a few hours before an announcement from Manchester United is made. Manchester announced that they had accepted £80 million offer from Real Madrid.
This means, Ronaldo is not Manchester anymore but Real Madrid player from now and onward.
Spiderwick Chronicle, is not like its nameUpdated on June 30th, 2011 ( 7,990 views ) 1 comment
At a glance, I think that this movie is in the same genre as Scary Movie or Date Movie. A movie that make other movie as a laughing stock. I think Spiderwick is either about Spiderman or Chronicle of Narnia. That’s why I am not so interested in this movie at first.
Until I watch this movie, I know that I am totally wrong because this story is not a copycat but has its own storyline. For your information, Spiderwick Chronicle is based on a famous novel and that’s why the name of the story maintain the same. Read the rest of this entry »
-WEST HARTFORD — The Mandell Jewish Community Center's fifth annual "All Wheel Derby" is scheduled for Sunday, Sept. 1.
The event supports Alyssa's Angel Fund, which supports people with Glycogen Storage Disease type 1a. People will also have the opportunity to have a genetic screening and to learn more about GSD and other genetic diseases.2011 Rent/Tax Rebate Requests Still Accepted
Application deadline for the state’s Property Tax/Rent Rebate program, covering 2011 expenses, has been extended to Dec. 31. Eligible participants can receive a rebate of up to $650 based on their rent or property taxes paid last year.).
Residents must provide all income, property tax or rental information required to process claims. Property Tax/Rent Rebate claim forms are available online through the Pa. Dept. of Revenue, at revenue.state.pa.us.
Potter County Today is a timely information site courtesy of the Potter County Commissioners. Reprinted with Permission.
Plainsman Golf Club
Reviews
- ,
-
Plainsman Golf Club is a 9-hole regulation length golf course in Kirk, Colorado. This layout provides for a fun golf experience for golfers of all skill levels. More information about Plainsman Golf Club will be coming soon. Online tee times may be available at Plainsman Golf Club or at nearby golf courses, often at a substantial discount from the going green fees rate.
Note: The info we have is (in most cases) right, but in some cases there may be inaccuracies. If you find anything that should be updated, please send us an update.
Please login to add your review.telecom consultant required
This project was successfully completed by maverick44000 for $60 USD in 2 days.Get free quotes for a project like this
Completed by:
Skills Required
Project Budget$30 - $250 USD
Completed In2 days
Total Bids1
Project Description
Hi,
I require a telecom engineer who is very knowledgeable in both 2g and 3g sites. Will also need to know about Ericsson rbsThis story, published in Germany under the title of Gelimer is the third volume in the group of romances to which "Felicitas" and "The Captive of the Roman Eagles" belong, and, like them, deals with the long-continued conflict between the Germans and the Romans.But in the present novel the scene of the struggle is transferred from the forests of Germania to the arid sands of Africa, and, in wonderfully vivid pen-pictures, the author displays the marvellous magnificence surrounding the descendants of the Vandal Genseric, the superb pageants of their festivals, and the luxury whose enervating influence has gradually sapped the strength and courage of the rude, invincible warriors--once the terror of all the neighboring coasts and islands--till their enfeebled limbs can no longer support the weight of their ancestors' armor, and they cast aside their helmets to crown themselves with the rose-garlands of Roman revellers. Thread:User talk:JRT/Linux from Scratch/reply (3) - Revision history 2015-05-22T10:59:20Z Revision history for this page on the wiki MediaWiki 1.20.2 JRT: Reply to Linux from Scratch 2013-04-16T18:46:05Z <p>Reply to <a href="/Thread:User_talk:JRT/Linux_from_Scratch/reply_(2)" title="Thread:User talk:JRT/Linux from Scratch/reply (2)">Linux from Scratch</a></p> <p><b>New page</b></p><div.<br /> <br /> Putting the recommendation on the BLFS book there to replace it would be redundant because people installing 'Linux from Scratch' would have already been to the website and already be familiar with the book.<br /> <br />).</div> JRTThose magical drain chemicals lauded on television aren’t all they are cracked up to be. When I got my first clog here at the old homestead, I used drain cleaners. Clogs in old plumbing can be pretty intense, and the clogs were never relieved after waiting only a few minutes, as per the chemical’s instructions. Instructions notwithstanding, I did it again and waited longer. Bah. Didn’t really work.
I didn’t know the damage that the chemicals could do until one day the husband went to look at a pipe under the sink. When he touched the chrome “S” trap, it fell to pieces in his hands. :-O The drain chemicals had eaten through the pipe.
I never use chemicals anymore. Folks with septic systems should never use chemicals, as the chemicals will disrupt the septic tank processes and perhaps harm the environment.
I’ve had very good success with my own physical techniques. Sure, they are messy and some of them are not for folks with weak stomachs… but my plumbing is intact. And I have a very weak stomach when it comes to plumber’s bills.
Baking Soda and Vinegar
I usually use this technique for the kitchen sink downstairs. I dump a healthy serving of baking soda down the drain. I then add a cup or two of vinegar. The base of the baking soda combined with the acid of the vinegar produce a chemical reaction– bubbling and mildly explosive. I press my hand over the drain to force the chemical reaction down the drain. For mild clogs, this often works.
The Manual Method
Believe it or not, many times I can unclog a bathroom sink by fishing around inside the drain. I have an old rat-tail comb that I reserve for this purpose. Bathroom sinks are more prone to get clogged with hair, floss, and soap scum. I stick the comb into the drain and fish the debris out. Then, I flush the drain with very hot water.
The Plunger
Not just for sluggish toilets, the toilet plunger works perfectly for the bathtub drain. Run a little bit of water into the tub to create a small pool of water. Place the plunger over the drain and chug down a few times. If the plunger wheezes and air sputters out, there is not enough water in the tub to create an air-tight pressure. I fill the tub a bit more and repeat the process. I’ve been doing this for a few years and it always fixes the clogged drain.
The snake.
The Auger
Also called the “snake,” I break out the plumber augers for the big dogs. There are several different kind of augers, and you should really use a certain one for a certain job. There’s the basic snake, a mere cable of just a few feet. This is good for small bathroom sinks. Then there’s the large auger, with a hefty metal or plastic bowl-shaped housing. I use this for big jobs like waste line cleanouts or big clogs in the bathtub drain.
The manual auger.
Finally, there’s the closet auger, which looks like a stiff whip. It’s a long pole with a handle. You insert the end of the pole into the toilet bowl. The end of the pole has a plastic end to protect the porcelain from scratches from the metal cable. I once had a serious toilet clog when one of the kids accidentally flushed a washcloth down the toilet. Back then, I didn’t know what to do except call my local plumber. He showed up with the closet auger, stirred things around for about 5 minutes, and charged me $100 for the visit. While some plumbers would have charged more, it was a hefty fine for a wayward washcloth.
Here’s a great video I found on how to use a closet auger.
An Ounce of Prevention…
As always, an ounce of prevention is worth that proverbial pound of cure. Old timers claim that one sure-fire way to prevent clogs is to dump scalding hot vinegar down the drains once a month. That sounds like it would work– the vinegar and hot water would clear any residual grease and soap scum, yep. But I have half a dozen drains…. I’d have to gallivant throughout the house doing this every week?!
My own preventative measures include the following:
- Always pick up stray hair after combing your hair.
- Never NEVER never dump grease down the drain.
- Never dump paint or other congealing liquids down the drains.
- NEVER NEVER NEVER dump food or bones down the drains.
- Be vigilant about what goes down the toilets. No paper towels, baby wipes, etc.
A monthly treatment of vinegar and baking soda helps, too.
Who knew plumbing could be SO interesting! Thanks for reading.
Hope this helps!
September 13, 2011
Comments Off on How to Clear a Clogged Drain Without ChemicalsA summary of an eye-opening 2002 article on the psychological characteristics of prisoners on ‘death row‘ in the United States, published in the journal Behavioral Sciences and the Law.
Death row inmate characteristics, adjustment, and confinement: a critical review of the literature
Behav Sci Law. 2002;20(1-2):191-210.
Cunningham MD, Vigen MP.
This article reviews and summarizes research on death row inmates. The contributions and weaknesses of death row demographic data, clinical studies, and research based on institutional records are critiqued. Our analysis shows that death row inmates are overwhelmingly male and disproportionately Southern. Racial representation remains controversial.
Frequently death row inmates are intellectually limited and academically deficient. Histories of significant neurological insult are common, as are developmental histories of trauma, family disruption, and substance abuse. Rates of psychological disorder among death row inmates are high, with conditions of confinement appearing to precipitate or aggravate these disorders. Contrary to expectation, the extant research indicates that the majority of death row inmates do not exhibit violence in prison even in more open institutional settings.
These findings have implications for forensic mental health sentencing evaluations, competent attorney representation, provision of mental health services, racial disparity in death sentences, death row security and confinement policies, and moral culpability considerations. Future research directions on death row populations are suggested.
It’s a fascinating, if not slightly morbid article, and the full text is available online as a pdf if you want a full breakdown of the research.
Link to PubMed entry for study.
pdf of full text of the article.Open iTunes to preview, buy, and download music.
Customer Reviews
chrysalis
chrysalis is a band from my hometow barstow california. i highly reccomend thi album
Amazing album from Barstow
This is the most complete, amazing album I've heard. From the great vocal range of the singer to the awesome drum work, this definitely deserves your time to listen to, even the hundredth time through it. Keep up the great work.
iTune Worthy
Look Out Korn, Here comes Chrysalis!
Biography
Genre: Alternative
Years Active: '60s
Top Albums and Songs by Chrysalis
View In iTunes
- $9.99
- Genres: Alternative, Music, Rock
- Released: Jun 30, 2005
- ℗ 2006 ChrysalisI used CM-10.1 and PA-3.99 RC2 in my htc ONE x (endeavoru). The quality of pictures taken in this camera is not as good as the pictures taken in stock rom camera. someone please suggest a stock rom for ONE X which does not affect camera performance.
Thanks in Advance.
Thanks in Advance.
With 1.7 million freelancers, we'll match you with the perfect talent.
or, Register with Elance »
We are a small-sized firm made of professionals who have worked in the outsourced marketing and creative production industry for years. The group has 20 years of collective experience in design, web, video, print and others for clients in the U.SRead More »Former Reagan Official: Bush May Stage False Flag Events To Reinstate Draft
Expand Messages
- Former Reagan Official: Bush May Stage False Flag Events To Reinstate Draft
"Would a government that has lied us into two wars and is working to lie us into an attack on Iran shrink from staging "terrorist" attacks in order to remove opposition to its agenda?" asks RobertsPaul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Tuesday, July 17, 2007Former.----------------------------------------------
Your message has been successfully submitted and would be delivered to recipients shortly.Gary Whritenour dropped in three 3-pointers and finished with 20 points and Mike Gibney scored 18 as Wood-Ridge defeated Cresskill, 65-51, in the North Section 1, Group 1 final yesterday in Wood-Ridge.
Wood-Ridge trailed by a point at the half, but went on a 22-16 surge in the third period and then wrapped it up with an 18-9 fourth quarter.
Angel Colon scored 12 points for Wood-Ridge and Cresskill was led by Rich Van Cleft with 19 points and 10 rebounds.
Wood-Ridge meets Dayton in the Group 1 semifinals tomorrow at East Orange Campus at 5 p.m.5 Ways to Look Like a Star on Your Wedding Day
Pining over Gisele's gorgeous locks? Drooling over Kate Bosworth's flawless skin? So are we! That's why we went to the pros to find out how to re-create these celebrity looks on your wedding day. > Find out how to steal ideas from these stars! read moreLos Angeles, CAUSA
90062
December 1, 2012
yes
hello to everyone nice to be here!"
4,470 Entourage Friends
3,225 Salseras and Salseros
3,822 XLBers
2,565 conscious beautiful creators
16,199 Hiking Enthusiasts
6,154 Intrepid Explorers
Meetup members, Log in
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyCorsair offers 4GB Voyager flash driveBy Justin Mann on
Memory manufacturer Corsair is offering a quite nice looking 4GB flash drive. The next step in their Voyager line, this is one of the largest thumb drives available to date, with a 19MByte/sec read and 13MByte/sec write, which is above the industry average, making the drive a more attractive fit for larger amounts of data. From personal experience in carrying several portable storage devices around, write speed on small hard drives and flash drives can be paramount at times. It is retailing at around $250, and comes in a rubber waterproof casing to help protect it. If you are dealing with modern systems, you can even install to and boot from USB devices, making ones large enough such as this even more desirable.Travelin' in Time: Judge dispensed justice from grub wagon
A grub wagon on wheels was the courthouse for Township No. 4, with Justice of the Peace and/or Judge Edward R. Tubbs of Palo Cedro presiding.
Since the Shasta County supervisors made no allowance for courtroom rent for the justices of the peace (also referred to as judges), Judge Tubbs took the matter into his own hands.
Because it was inconvenient for him to hold court in his farmhouse, he hit upon the idea of buying the grub wagon that had formerly been owned and used by a woodchopper who had committed suicide.
The wagon was built on the chassis of an automobile truck. Judge Tubbs pulled the grub wagon four miles on its own wheels and transplanted it in his front yard. The building on the back of the truck was only 8 by 14 feet. It was small, but large enough for Judge Tubbs to dispense the law.
Judge Tubbs neatly furnished his courtroom and had it well lighted. At one end was a shelf of law books and his office desk. The room was large enough to accommodate the court, the court reporter, the district attorney, the defendant and his counsel, if the defendant had one. Witnesses though, had to be called in one at a time because there was no more room available in the pint-sized courtroom.
In the case of a jury trial, Judge Tubbs simply adjourned the court to the shade of a large oak tree in front of the courthouse, weather permitting.
The courthouse of Judge Tubbs, resting on wheels and meeting every requirement for a courtroom, was supposedly the smallest temple of justice in California.
Judge Tubbs handled many bootlegging cases. His townships during his years in office included Kennett, Buckeye, Baird, Bella Vista, Winthrop, Lamoine, Delta, Pacheco and Palo Cedro.
Justices of the peace were elected by the voters of their townships to four-year terms. They were not required to be a lawyer and had jurisdiction over civil cases for money damages up to $300 and for low-grade misdemeanors.
Edward (Ed) Tubbs was born in Ireland in 1861. He came to the United States with his family during the 1880s. His first known residence was in Placer County in 1884. According to the Great Register of Shasta County of 1888, he was a farmer living in the town of Roberts (now Palo Cedro). The register also shows he became a citizen of the United States by virtue of his father’s naturalization.
In 1892, the Great Register shows he was still a farmer living in Roberts. Four years later in 1896, the Great Register showed him living in Palo Cedro (Roberts became Palo Cedro in 1893).
In 1887, at age 26, Ed married Emma Lavetta Collier, formerly of Mississippi. Twenty years later, their daughter, Ila, was born.
Judge Edward R. Tubbs died in 1933. His wife, Emma, died in 1945. Both are buried in the Millville Cemetery.
Dottie Smith is the former curator of the Shasta College Museum and instructor of Shasta County History at Shasta College. This information is from ancestry.com, Findagrave.com, miscellaneous Shasta County census records provided by genealogist Marilyn Rountree, and an undated and unknown newspaper article..This is the best skin I ever had with WordPress.
This is the best skin I ever had with WordPress.
I thought I needed a place to write on Korean IP laws in English. This blog was a good place to do that. So, I decided to resume writing on this blog.
Tentatively or permanently, I will post on my new website at
The site has two boards, one in Korean the other in English. Visit either of the boards to your language preference.
Money.
I.
Legal aspects of this incident seems clear but unconvincing. Unconvincing because of a Seoul High Court decision in 2007 on the copyrightability of a game character. (will explain more below).
[뉴스] 지적재산권 전문가 로렌스 레식 교수, 창작과 나눔 영화제 참석
Prof. Lawrence Lessig visits Korea for the 1st Shared Film Festival.
I tried to find the website of the Shared Film Festival to no avail. It seems the Festival will be opened without a website. Anyway, the Shared Film Festival aims at providing opportunity for creators to promote their works while being free from copyright infringement. (I know this sentence is a bit awkward but all information I could get from the news is only that much.) I don’t know how a film festival can free movies from copyright infringement, but it seems that the Festival will hold a workshop on copyright.
The Shared Film Festival will be held from June 3 to 9 and June 17 to 21 at CineMaru and Arirang Cine Center in Seoul.
Intellectual Property in the Global Marketplace, Vol. 1: Electronic Commerce, Valuation, and Protection, 2nd Edition (Intellectual Property Series) (Volume 1)
Intellectual Property in the Global Marketplace, 2 Volume Set, 2001 Supplement (Intellectual Property-General, Law, Accounting & Finance, Management, Licensing, Special Topics) (v. 2)
To be brief,
The Supreme Court of Korea ruled that linking to an illegal music was not an infringement, though uploading unauthorized contents was infringement. Wasn’t there a similar ruling before? Let me check later..
WIP.
About.
According?
An interesting news popped up last week. And a more detailed news here.
A group of 50 U.S. and Japanese pornography producers have filed a lawsuit against South Korean Internet users for illegally uploading their content on the Internet for commercial purposes.
That happens. Nobody would be surprised to know that there are people who upload porns. The number is quite impressive. 50 foreign porn producers sued 10,000 heavy uploaders. 10,000 that is! That is 1 out of 2,000 adult male in Korea. Now it seems a little convincing.
It is reported that they plan to take legal action against about 80 file-sharing web sites for aiding abetting.
A more interesting (from the legal perspective) news follows. I couldn’t find a link to an English news. But Korean news is here.
The police, after receiving the accusal, considered the case (quite seriously because they might have to investigate 1,000 people) and dismissed the case. The reason being, the pornos at issue are not protectible copyrightable matter because they do not have any academic or artistic value and distribution of porno is illegal in Korea.
Sounds familiar?
First, the Copyrgith Act of Korea abolished the requirement of being academic or artistic in order for a work to be copyrightable. When? On December 28, 2006, when the Coyright Act of Korea was totally amended. Article 2(1) (definition) defines “copyrightable work” as a work of creation that expresses human idea or emotion. Before the amendment, the definition has a modifier like “that belongs to literature, academia or art.” After the amendment, a work of creation need not belong to literature, academic or art. The police is wrong.
Second, we saw this argument in the US-China dispute settlement case before the WTO on Enforcement of IPR. One of the interpretation of TRIPS by the Panel is that a work is copyrightable even if it contains illegal contents. The police didn’t know they were wrong at first. But after a couple of days, they figured out that if they didn’t honor the copyright of porns, they might violate duties under international treaties, like the Berne Convention.
We will see as the case unfolds.
The.
The Patent Act of Korea was amended on January 30, 2009. I have uploaded an English version of the amended Act on the Intellectual Property Laws of Korea wiki.
Also, the Trademark Act of Korea (last amended on December 26, 2008) was also uploaded on the wiki.
Other Acts like the Trademark Act, Industrial Design Protection Act, Utility Model Act will be uploaded in the matter of weeks.
WIPO and Singapore jointly announced a communique on ADR partnership.
I.
The Fair Trade Commission of Korea fined $208 million on Qualcomm for abuse of its dominant position in the market. See here for English news.
Count one is royalty differentiation based on whether a licensee uses Qualcomm chips or its competitor’s chips.
Count two is Qualcomm’s rebate payment to purchasers in exchange for bulk purchase of CDMA modem chips and RF chips from Qualcomm. (eg. if the purchaser buys more than 85% of the modem chips he needs, Qualcomm pays 3% of the purchase price as rebate.)
Count three is unfair licensing condition that forces royalty payment after the licensed patent has expired. (personally, I don’t understand exactly how this can happen.)
A news in Korean is here.
Below is a press release by the FTC Korea (written in Korean).
Short Chronicle of the Fuzeon Compulsory License case in Korea″;.Epilogue What A Wonderful World
What A Wonderful World as sung by Louis Armstrong
The party was still going strong when Sousuke left the hanger to take in the sultry humid night air of Merida Island with a bottle of club soda in his hand. Kaname was deep in a conversation with Mao and the subject had sent him backpedaling to get away from the girl talk. The first question out of Melissa's mouth that night was her asking if the two of them had sex yet. It had Sousuke, Kaname and Tessa sputtering and red-faced , while Commander Mardukus was wide-eyed, Lieutenant Commander Kalinin raised an eyebrow with a smirk, and Kurz led the rest of the Uzru Team howling with laughter. The good natured ribbing that followed threatened to leave the couple blushing for the next two months. The going away party had been the idea of both Melissa and Kurz as modified by the Captain.
Sousuke and Kaname, along with Eleanor, had landed earlier that day in a CH47 Chinook, one of three that were being transported to the island for shipment to the United States. The trip was interesting for both Kaname and Eleanor as neither had ever flown on a military helicopter, let alone been on board during an in-air refueling.
After landing Eleanor was stored in the hanger in Al's old spot. The ARX7 had been transported by a cargo drone to Sousuke's new posting in the States two days ago. Sousuke and Kaname were given a pair of rooms in the BEQ's for the night. They were scheduled to fly out sometime tomorrow.
An hour before dusk, Melissa knocked on Kaname's door and Kurz just barged in to Sousuke's room. Like the well-oiled machine they were, they cajoled the younger couple into presentable clothes. For Sousuke, Kurz and Melissa this consisted of the Dress Mess Uniform, while Melissa loaned Kaname a gown that brought out her eyes. The senior pair then hustled them back into the hanger where off-duty personnel already had the party started. It was a 'Dining Out'. With the arrival of the 'Guests of Honor', things got into full swing. Kaname watched with pride as Captain Teletha Testarossa draped a medal on the chest of the confused Soldier.
Just before it happened, a burly Master Chief Petty Officer standing just behind and the right of the Captain called in a stentorian voice, "GROUP, ATTENTION." Instantly every uniformed person in the room snapped to. "SERGEANT SAGARA, FRONT AND CENTER." When Sousuke heard 'Attention', he instinctively snapped to the commanded position. By now all thought had ceased in his brain and he was running strictly on training. At the command 'Front and Center', he made his way to stand directly in front of the Captain and saluted. "M'am, Sergeant Sagara, reporting as ordered."
Tessa returned the salute and when Sousuke's right arm returned to his side, she ordered, "Sergeant Sagara, About, FACE."
When Sousuke turned to face the other guests, Tessa moved to stand just the right/front of Sousuke and nodded to the Senior NCO, who thundered again "ATTENTION TO ORDERS" The Master Chief Petty Officer opened a small flat velvet covered box and held it to the Captain. "M'am"
Tessa pulled out a blue and gray ribbon and an attached pendent, stood directly in front of Sousuke and said, "Sergeant Sagara, for far too many actions above and beyond the call of duty to list, it is my Honor, to present you with the Medal of Valor." She reached up and draped the Medal over the neck of the surprised Soldier, smoothing the ribbon and settling the medal just below his bow tie. She didn't look up as she said, "I want to personally thank you, Sergeant. Without exception, you have been an exemplary Soldier, and a good friend." She looked up now and grey met grey. "It has been my Honor to have been your Commanding Officer."
The only people in the room who didn't know it was coming was the recipient and his girl. Sousuke was stunned. Kaname felt like she about to burst with pride for her man. The rest of his comrades stood there at Attention, silently beaming for their teammate.
Tessa looked at the rank he was wearing and with a mischievous twinkle, she asked, "Sergeant, why are you out of uniform?"
"MMMM'am?" Sousuke was completly bewildered, it was all happening too fast.
Tessa glanced around. "Sergeant Major Mao?"
Melissa stepped up to the front and saluted. "M'am."
Still with the twinkle, Tessa returned the salute and asked "Sergeant Major, didn't you inform the Sergeant of his promotion?"
Although she had a perfectly straight face, you could just tell that Melissa was smirking on the inside. "My apologies, M'am. I guess in the confusion, it slipped my mind. No excuse, M'am."
"I see." She cocked an eyebrow at the other senior NCO. "Master Chief Richter?"
"Luckily M'am, I happen to have an appropriate set of rank insignia handy."
"Excellent, Master Chief. Sergeant Sagara, with the agreement of High Command and the Mithral Council, it was felt appropriate that since you are being transferred to the United States, we should use indigenous rank."
The thunderous voice of the Master Chief sounded again, "ATTENTION TO ORDERS." In a merely loud voice he continued. "Having reposed special trust and confidence in the fidelity, valor and Honor of Sergeant Sousuke Sagara, by order of the High Command, with the concurrence of the Mithral Council, he is hereby promoted to the rank of Staff Sergeant. Signed Lord Edwin Mallory. Chairman of the Council."
Tessa was smirking badly as she pinned the completely inappropriate style of rank to his lapel. "You will get your uniform updated at your earliest convenience, won't you Sergeant?"
"Yeyeyes M'am."
"Good, then let's get the party really started." After saying that, Tessa removed her jacket. By custom, until the Senior Officer present removed their jacket, the party was still formal and no one was allowed to take off theirs. Afterwards was a different story. Once the Senior Officer de-jacketed, all bets were off and the party is truly launched.
That was a few hours ago. Every one congratulated, ribbed and generally teased the new Staff Sergeant. The young couple danced the slow dances, sort of. They just swayed to the music in each others arms. But he still wasn't really used to crowds, so he had take a break and stepped out into the night.
The night sky here on the island was always a source of wonder to the young Soldier. Without the light pollution that was forever present in Japan, he could clearly see the Milky Way painted across the heavens. The constellations hanging in the sky were old friends to him. Being alone like this was one of the very few times of peace for Sousuke. Most people renewed their sense of self by spending time with friends and family. But until recently, he never understood how being in a boisterous environment could do that. He never had many friends and no family left that he knew of.
I see trees of green.
Red roses too.
I see them bloom.
For me and you.
And I think to myself,
'What a wonderful world.'
So for the Soldier, it had always been spending time alone in nature that helped to stave off the madness. By a stream or the sea with a pole in hand. Walking through the wilderness after dark, listening to the sounds of insects calling or the animals that hunted and foraged at night. The birds flitting from tree to tree. This was the miracle of life that spoke to the young man. It revitalized him for the battles to come. It resurrected his sense of self that was worn away by Combat. Showed him that the world and the people in it was worth protecting, even at the cost of his own life if necessary.
I see skies of blue,
And clouds of white.
The bright blessed day,
The dark sacred night.
And I think to myself,
'What a wonderful world.'
Looking up at the moonless sky he easily picked out Orion and the Southern Cross. They seemed close enough to touch. He had tried for years when he was a child, never succeeded, but he had always tried. He even climbed the highest mountains he could find to try and get closer. When he reached the age of ten or so, he finally understood the stars were unreachable. It was the beginning of the walls around his heart that led to his perpetual cluelessness.
The colors of the rainbow,
So pretty in the sky,
Are also on the faces,
Of people going by.
I see friends shaking hands,
Saying 'How do you do?',
They're really saying,
'I Love You.'
He had always been alone, even in a crowded briefing room. Because of his past, he never learned how to relate to people. That was changing though. Thanks to one very special person. She was showing him life itself, and he would spend the rest of his life trying to find a way to thank her. He dimly understood that opening himself up like this had the potential to be unbelievably painful. If something ever happened to her, he thought he probably would go mad. But the benefits seemed to far outweigh the risks.
Brick by brick, Kaname was pulling the wall apart. Not always with the patience of a saint, but she was getting it done. He felt a presence. He didn't even have to turn around to know who it was. Her. He felt her wrap her arms around his torso and lay her head on his back. Laying his empty hand across hers, he looked over his shoulder, "Kaname?"
I hear babies cry,
I watched them grow.
They'll learn much more,
Then I'll ever know.
And I think to myself,
What a wonderful world.
Her voice wafted over his shoulder, "It's a beautiful night." He tossed the bottle into a trash can as she wormed her way around to his front and inside his arms. "I am so proud of you, Sousuke. And I know how you are. In the back your mind, your wondering what you did to deserve this." She touched the Medal hanging in the center of his chest. "Aren't you?"
"I only did what I had to do, Kaname. I just did my duty, that's all."
Smiling and with unshed tears, she looked in to his steel grey eyes and said, "Melissa said that's exactly what you would say. But trust me, Sousuke. You've earned this. Through fire and strife and blood. You've earned this."
Yeesss,
And I think to myself,
What a wonderful world.
Reaching up she cupped his cheeks saying, "You've earned this too." And she pulled him gently down and kissed him. He moved his arms to better support her as she deepened the kiss. After a timeless interval, they broke for air and she laid her head on his shoulder, fingering the medal, running her thumb across the silver face and the word 'VALOR'. "You just keep doing what you've been doing, Sousuke. Your doing fine."
Ohhhh Yeeeaaaahh!quiet spot for drinks and snacks west queen west
Hi!
- re: Sarah Cat
but often lousy service, and it can get quite noisy depending on the time and if a band is playing...sometimes they have 2 bands.
cafe taste is often quiet enough, but given its size might be too intimate (small room), but again they have a patio as well-you might have an audience-appreciative or not.
tinto on roncevalles maybe? intersteer has been kind of quiet lately-especially in the early evening hours....salvadore dali
- re: ingloriouseater
oh thanks all- I forgot to check back after the first couple of days when there was no response.
tinto is the right kind of space- but a little further west than I would like. Was hoping for walking distance from Queen and shaw area. Where is cafe taste?
any other cafe type places that you can think of...i'd like it to be a place with wine ideally, but i suppose quiet is more important for this occasion....
thanks!
- re: alltummy
- re: alltummy
- re: alltummy
1330 Queen WestFlagstaff wine and food festival, Flagstaff, AZ, June 11-12, 2011
Wednesday June 8, 2011
FLAGSTAFF WINE & FOOD FESTIVAL
A Celebration of Regional Wines & Local Foods
June 11 & 12, 2011
Noon - 6:00 p.m.
The Amphitheater at Fort Tuthill County Park, Flagstaff, Arizona
Produced by the Friends of Coconino County Parks in partnership with the Coconino County Parks & Recreation Department
The Second Annual Flagstaff Wine & Food Festival is a two-day celebration that offers attendees the opportunity to sample wines from noted Arizona wineries and signature food dishes from area restaurants. In addition to gourmet tastings, the festival features entertainment by regional bands, local food and art vendors, and an exciting auction of food and travel packages, wines, and local crafts. There is also a demonstration/mini-lecture stage for informative and entertaining culinary and wine presentations.
Last year's first-time and one-day event was a huge success. Over 1,500 people attended and were very enthusiastic about the event. They loved discovering regional wines and the knowledge they gained from vintners' staffs. Vendors were excited about the exposure (and revenue) they received. And, as the sponsor, Friends of Coconino County Parks generated much-needed funds to support the acquisition and improvement of our parks, trails, and open spaces.by
Sim Van Der Ryn,Helga Olkowski
Item #
6162
Format:
Paperback
ISBN:
Pages:
508
2008
Availability:
Usually ships within 24 to 48 hours unless otherwise noted in the product description..
Browse By Topic > Green Homes > Home Energy and Savings
Browse By Topic > Nature & Community > Miscellaneous
Browse By Topic > Renewable Energy > Home Heating
Browse By Topic > Renewable Energy > Solar Energy
Questions or Comments? Call us at 1-800-234-3368
Customer Service
Monday through Friday, 7 a.m. to 6 p.m.,
and Saturday, 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. Central Time.
All information is sent securely and is encrypted for your protection.- September 15, 2002 | Feature
- The Memorial Warriors
For many spouses and parents of 9/11 victims, mourning meant getting involved. Now their moral authority and media sophistication -- not to speak of their anger -- have made them crucial players in the future of downtown.
- July 29, 2002 | Profile
- Yellow Rose of Manhattan
A verbal gunslinger from Austin, Texas (remember George Bush's silver foot in his mouth?), has come to shoot up Manhattan's poshest saloons and salons -- and she doesn't even drink. Life on the Manhattan road show of former Texas governor Ann Richards.
- July 22, 2002 | Feature
- You've Got Jail
It's the summer of white-collar crime. But if the latest miscreants think a spell in jail means catching up on the classics and refining their backhand, they should think again. Club Fed is dead, and hard time is harder than ever.
- April 22, 2002 | Feature
- Mostly Not Mozart
His English may be slightly fuzzy, but Christoph Thun-Hohenstein's mission is crystal clear: to make the Austrian Cultural Forum as provocative on the inside as its startling new East 52nd Street home is from the outside.
- December 17, 2001 | Feature
- Expatriate Dreams.
- November.
- October 29, 2001 | Feature
- The Kids They Left Behind
The city has mourned 5,000 of the victims of the World Trade Center attack -- but there are as many as 10,000 other victims who, now and for years to come, will need attention: their children.
- October 1, 2001 | Feature
- The Circles of Loss
The World Trade Center tragedy united the city, but it has divided us, too -- into those who've lost family and friends, and those who only watched.
- September 24, 2001 | Feature
- One Victim:
a Son, a Sibling, a Fiancee,
My Brother's Best Friend
-.- WND - -
Confederate flag flapangers Southerners
Posted By Jon Dougherty On 06/14/2001 @ 1:00 am In Front Page | Comments Disabled
Southern heritage advocates and a legal group have come to the defense of a Florida man who says he was told by an Orlando public utility he could not park his pick-up truck in its parking lot because the truck.
“We simply will not tolerate any distraction from our overriding mission to serve the public and to provide our employees with a work environment free from harassment,” OUC officials said in a statement released last week, according to an online article published by WKMG-TV news in Orlando.
The utility claimed its decision was prompted by complaints from some employees that the flag plate was offensive.
The warning, however, has prompted outrage from Southern supporters and legal groups who have vowed to come to Jones’ defense. The former OUC employee has hired a lawyer to fight the utility’s decision because, he says, it is a violation of his First Amendment right to freedom of expression and speech.
 Kirk Lyons, a spokesman for the Southern Legal Resource Center.
Lyons told WorldNetDaily Jones has not formally approached his organization for representation, but said he telephoned Jones’ attorney, Steve Mason, and offered the group’s help and resources “if needed.”
Mason did not return phone calls by press time.
Lyons said he believed OUC’s decision would come under the legal distinction of acting on behalf of a state agency – because it falls under some regulatory control by the state – and therefore subject to First Amendment prohibitions. If OUC were a private business, Lyons hinted that the issue may be harder to press in court.
“These are state actors, a government entity,” Lyons said. “So they can’t do this. They can’t pick and choose which license plates come on their property or not.”
“This is a state actor telling a private firm’s employee that he can’t come on” the lot, he added. “And we feel that is still state action, though technically you’ve got a private employer right in the middle.”
Florida regulatory officials said the state has no role in deciding what operating policies can be adopted by local utilities.
“We have very limited regulatory authority over municipal utilities,” Barry Ray, a regulatory consultant for the Florida Public Service Commission told WND. The FPSC oversees the Orlando power company and other investor-owned utilities in the state.
“Our role has mostly to do with safety oversight,” Ray said.
Officials with OUC did not return phone calls seeking comment on the case.
Article printed from WND:
URL to article:For those of you less inclined to surfing all over my website, here’s a quick recap:
Part 1: Did you know that the Ubuntu software repository contains 23,164 packages? I also introduce the Constructive Cost Model (COCOMO), and finally, reference an article quoting that Debian ‘cost’ 1.9 billion dollars to develop back in year 2000.
Part 2: I detail my plan of attack to find out how much the Ubuntu distribution ‘cost’ to develop using COCOMO and SLOCCount by David Wheeler. Without his excellent program, this article would not be possible.
Downloading the source code took nearly 2 days, due to the nature of apt-get, you must first build dependencies, then download the actual source code. There were some annoying programs that once downloaded, require user input (such as LILO) and that paused the downloading process until I provided some human input.
It took over 8 hours for SLOCCount to process all 51,447 files downloaded, with a 3.2GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor.
I started this project with a brand new Gutsy Gibbon installation. By the time all was said and done,my hard drive contained 92.8 GB of gzipped source files, patches, graphics, etc – everything needed to build Ubuntu from scratch- and installed nearly 10 GB of dependencies.storm
EU-Dun Morogh
Confidence night elf druid 90 (armory)
Alts and Transfers: Main Streitoli, Demoneye, Jagso, Brakiss 4, 2011 Drakenstorm joined guild
Confidence About Drakenstorm
- Last logout (Armory):
- 6 months ago
- Last checked:
- 5 months ago
common
- health:
- 77518
- stamina:
- 1582
- armor:
- 458
- mana:
- 7400
- intellect:
- 293
- spirit:
- 220
- strength:
- 172
- agility:
- 1532
spell
- spell power:
- 293
- crit chance:
- 36.39%
- mana regen casting:
- 296
- mana regen non-casting:
- 2109
- haste rating:
- 433
- spell power nature:
- 293
melee
- melee power:
- 1532
- crit chance:
- 36.39%
defense
- dodge:
- 22.14%How Not To Jumpstart Your MVNO
ESPN's virtual operator soft-launched in four markets today ahead of its full launch on Super Bowl Sunday in February, and you'd be forgiven for thinking they're not really very interested in getting many customers, since the one phone they're selling costs $500. Most MVNOs that have launched have been value-oriented, focusing on keeping costs low to keep prices low, and there's also been a good number of demographic-centered MVNOs, whether that group is age-based or something else. But the new breed of content-based MVNOs, like ESPN, are relatively unproven and their success still very much up in the air. Selling what's basically the most expensive consumer phone in the country doesn't seem like the best way to ensure that success.Login / Register
ORNo Account? Register here.
-
Podcast Preview: Everything’s Coming Up Poppies
You Can’t Eat the Sunshine is a weekly podcast series produced by Kim Cooper and Richard Schave in which the Esotouric founders talk with L.A. personalities about the city’s myths, contradictions, and inspirations.
This week, everything’s coming up poppies for Kim and Richard, who chat with Ranger Jean Rhyne of the California State Park Service. The two were invited to the Antelope Valley Poppy Reserve to see the flowers in peak bloom. “We’re having a great, unexpected bloom this year,” Rhyne says. “We’re definitely encouraging everybody to come out and see the poppies because they are very happy this year.”
In this exclusive clip, the two also visit City Hall, one of L.A.’s most iconic Film Noir locations, where poet and educator Suzanne Lummis talks at length about National Poetry Month. Listen on to learn more…
Alternative content
To hear the entire episode, click here.
Richard and Kim share highlights from the You Can’t Eat the Sunshine podcast every week at CityThink.
Please log in or register to post comments.College Basketball Talk’s Latest Top 25 | CollegeBasketballTalk
Basically..."Blah, blah, blah"
If already posted please do with this as you wish.
*Rest in peace corn dog chick
#HoibergWatch2015
CF Fantasy Football Champ 2013
That wasn't very well written
Originally Posted by SNEDDS3
College Basketball Talk’s Latest Top 25 | CollegeBasketballTalk
Basically..."Blah, blah, blah"
If already posted please do with this as you wish.
He probably realized any percieved slight of ISU is a cash cow in terms of page clicks.
He did raise us 4 spots, we must have gotten to him
Originally Posted by SNEDDS3
College Basketball Talk’s Latest Top 25 | CollegeBasketballTalk
Basically..."Blah, blah, blah"
If already posted please do with this as you wish.
Lol. What does he call BYU and Boise State? I love how he also doesn't stop to think that maybe Ohio State isn't a top 10 team. Gotta love it when people can't look at things without a bias.
He wrote this:.
but has Kentucky 2 spots ahead of us.
the only win Kentucky has away from Rupp is a horrible Vandy team without their best player. Tech, BSU, BYU and UNI are all better than Vandy, and we've beaten all of them away from Hilton.
As he said, rankings are subjective. What he didn't say is his rankings are completely arbitrary and stupid.
Dont worry, Im got bored at the office, I took the fight to his twitter account, I got this Cheers
@TedFlintKansas
Men want to have fun, women want to take fun out to the middle of the woods and shoot it in the head.
BYU is 11-7 and BSU hasn't won since the 2nd round of the DHC. Those wins do look slightly less impressive than they did at the time. Needless to say, although unranked and maybe not as good as they've been recently, beating BYU at their place was impressive. Only happened a handful of times over the last 12 years. Pulling for Michigan to keep winning games so that win can fall back into the "good win" category.
However! Iowa's win over Ohio State was the first real impressive win of ANY kind for them, home or away. They did beat Xavier (13-4) on a neutral court, but they're still unranked. After that it's a dog fight for next best win between Drake and Nebby. Ohio State was a great boost for them, but Ohio State proved to everyone last week just how overrated they are. Not trying to take things away from Iowa's win, but I would say as a whole, ISU's wins > Iowa's. Things like RPI and BPI only support my claim.
Rob is right. We are a very good team. We are not a.The bottom line here is a very healthy bottom line. The team has an outstanding line up of corporate sponsors led by Dow Chemicals which was considered a major score for this day and age..”
The #3 Dow Chevrolet is basically all black in color with some white on the door panels. During the press conference, presented live by NASCAR on their official website, there was also live “Twitter” streaming. Overall, fan reaction to the black and white Dow car was very positive. There were some naysayers with the most memorable comment being “the car looks like a dairy cow.” Still another “Tweet” said it “resembled a cop car.” Childress pointed out that fan reaction to bringing back the #3 was overwhelmingly 90 percent positive.
The team’s second primary sponsor will be General Mills, and their Cheerios brand, who has been involved with NASCAR racing for 17 years and a partner with RCR for six years. This car is painted a bright Cheerios yellow with black overlays and is very sharp looking.
Cheerios launched the @CheerThe3 communities on Facebook and Twitter so fans can access exclusive content and share their excitement around Austin and the .”
Other corporate partners joining the RCR #3 team includes Bass Pro Shops, Real Tree Outdoors, UNOH (University of North Western Ohio), American Ethanol and Chevrolet. Again, this new team has an extremely healthy bottom line.
You could literally see the excitement in Austin Dillon’s eyes during the press conference. .”
Towards the conclusion of the press conference, Richard Childress was asked if he expected any strong emotion over seeing his black #3 take the green flag at the Daytona 500 next February.
“You know, I watched Austin race our #3 truck at Daytona and he wrecked on the first lap of his first race. Then watching him run the Nationwide Series really brought back some memories. By watching the three car run those races I, kind of got used to watching it. But I’m sure when it comes by to take that green flag for the first time, in the 150 qualifying races at Daytona, I’m sure that I’ll feel some emotion. In my heart today, as I sit here, Dale Earnhardt is smiling down and he would want to see the three. I felt it was the thing to do. I know today that he’s accepting this highly,” Childress said.Our path of evolution will take us to being ascended galactic masters in the Golden Age, SaLuSa tells us.
“As time progresses you will change from one of limited knowledge to a Galactic Beings.” (1)
However, the longing for liberation (2) will keep moving us onward in our path to know the All in all, Ker-On reminds us: “Wherever you find yourself, experience is still what you seek, and there is a compulsive drive towards obtaining knowledge about everything within the great Cosmos.” (3) “There are mysteries galore in the Universe that you will be motivated to explore,” SaLuSa tells us. (4)
In fact, the universe is teeming with life.
“You are faced with a Universe that is full of life, millions of planets and suns, and dimensions that seem never ending. You can then contemplate parallel Universes and even an Omniverse, which is probably too much to take in. However, it gives you a measure of how enormous the heavens are, and how the hand of the Creator is in everything you see. Perhaps you will realise that absolutely nothing is impossible where the Creator is concerned, and who would dare put in place any limitations.” (5)
Our future will be alive with opportunity, SaLuSa tells us.
“Heaven is a word that describes what awaits you, but it is a reality that is alive with opportunity and exciting adventures. You certainly will not spend your time resting on clouds; as the higher dimensions are energetic and full of action.
“As an ascended Being you have the Cosmos as your playground, and it stretches into Infinity. The end does not exist, and everything is moving further away from you all of the time.” (6)
We’ll not only leave Earth, but we’ll leave the present as well, according to SaLuSa.
.” (7)
Our partners of the Galactic Federation of Light “are inter-dimensional travellers, and distance presents no problem to us,” Atmos tells us. (8) We could remain on Earth, SaLuSa says, but the universe will beckon.
.” (9)
Many of us will choose to serve other evolving civilizations, he tells us. Some may choose to serve on the lower realms, like 3D.
“You will have the freewill to choose your next experience, and freedom to journey anywhere in the Cosmos. You may join us or travel elsewhere in service to other souls who need the benefit of your experience, as it will be your choice.” (10)
.” (11)
SaLuSa tells us that the galactics can spend centuries in their spacecraft in an eternal Now.
.” (12)
If we serve other civilizations, we’ll do so as members of the Galactic Federation of Light. Many of us are from other planets and stars. SaLuSa tells us that all GFL members are ascended beings.
“We are what you are to be, and when you attain our levels you will be able to rejoin your Space families. You have been away from your true homes for a long, long time, and with your awareness of us your yearning to return is growing.” (13)
“Membership [in the Galactic Federation] is only open to those who have achieved full consciousness. There is a place already for you with us, as we see that once you achieve Ascension you will have acquired the level of consciousness necessary to join us.” (14)
“The Galactic Federation member civilizations have all ascended, and together we are a great force for good serving the Creator.” (15
“We of the Galactic Federation are carrying out God’s work to bring Light to all developing civilisations.” (16)
In fact we are being schooled to join the GFL, SaLuSa tells us. We came from their ranks originally and now we rejoin them.
“Dear Ones, you are being carefully prepared to join us in the future, and we shall stand together as One. By then you will be Beings with a level of superconsciousness,.” (17)
We’ll sit on the same great councils that now make decisions on our behalf, says Ag-Agria.
“One day many of you shall be seated on the Councils that preside over the Universe, and in your greatness serve God directly.
“However, that is a long way off but indicates your unlimited potential to rise to the highest levels.” (18)
SaLuSa informs us that our experiences in duality will make us eagerly sought.
.” (19)
Life will be very different where we go, sometimes invisibly,.” (20)
The Company of Heaven expectantly awaits our return, Saul tells us.
“You are all about to come home to that magnificent experience, and your welcome, as you find yourselves once more surrounded and lifted on high by so many loving friends and relatives, will indeed be tumultuous!” (21)
.” (22)
While eagerly awaiting us, the Federation is hard-pressed not to overwhelm us with details, according to SaLuSa.
.” (23)
Our destiny lies in the stars, St. Germain tells us. Like SaLuSa he states that we have come down in vibration to gain the experience to lead others.
.” (24)
It’s time for us to take the leap of faith that will take us to the stars, Archangel Michael says: “You must step out of your comfort zone and reclaim your birthright. Follow the path of Light, beloveds; the time of the grand reunion is at hand.” (25)
The events that will usher us into the Golden Age, Saul says, are “unstoppable.” (26) We may be “far from full consciousness” now, SaLuSa tells us, “yet in a comparatively short time you will again reach such levels.” (27) It is “approaching rapidly,” Saul says. (28)
“As you wait expectantly to move into full consciousness be aware that you will not have to wait very much longer. It is your Father’s Will and yours that you make this move back into His glorious Presence where you belong and where everlasting bliss awaits you.” (29)
It’s been a long wait for us who live in relative time. But contemplating the majestic future that awaits and preparing for it may make the time pass more swiftly.
And finally will all evolution stop after 2012? Have we gone the full distance? If we are “fully conscious,” can we finally sit back and put our feet up, so to speak?
Footnotes
(1) SaLuSa, May 24, 2010, at
(2) The longing for liberation is a subsensible thirst for God built into us to keep us journeying back to the Divine and is discussed here: “Chapter 7. The Longing for Liberation,” at ch-7-the-longing-for-liberation/, “Saul: An Inextinguisable Flame to Light Your Way Home,” at as well as numerous other articles on this site. For others, search on “longing for liberation.”
(3) Ker-On of Venus, Sept. 8, 2008, at
(4) SaLuSa, Feb. 23, 2009.
(5) SaLuSa, May 20, 2009.
(6) SaLuSa, Sept. 9, 2009
(7) SaLuSa, May 28, 2010.
(8) Atmos, May 18, 2009, at
(9) SaLuSa, May 28, 2010.
(10) SaLuSa, Dec. 6, 2007.
(11) SaLuSa, June 19, 2009.
(12) SaLuSa, May 28, 2010.
(13) SaLuSa, March 27, 2009.<
(14) SaLuSa, May 4, 2009.
(15) SaLuSa, Feb. 8, 2010.
(16) SaLuSa, March 26, 2010.
(17) SaLuSa, May 5, 2010.
(18) Ag-agria, March 25, 2009, at
(19) SaLuSa, March 23, 2009.
(20) SaLuSa, May 28, 2010.
(21) Saul, June 17, 2009, at
(22) Saul, May 31, 2009.
(23) SaLuSa, Jan. 20, 2010.
(24) St. Germain, June 25, at 2008, at
(25) Archangel Michael, “The Many Facets of Ascension, Part 1,” January 2009, through Ronna Herman, at”>
(26) Saul, May 31, 2009.
(27 SaLuSa, Jan. 25, 2010.
(28) Saul, June 17, 2009.
(29) Saul, Feb. 10, 2010.The brightly colored box of the N660Ti Power Edition calls out most of its features, although "OC Edition" probably doesn't mean much to most people. The "triple voltage" and "enhanced PWM design" give you some clue as to the special nature of the card. The top of the box is actually a Velcro-attached flap that opens to show a window into the box, highlighting the card, and also reveals lots of extra surface area for marketing talk.
Accesories comprise a user's guide, a manual, a DVI to VGA converter, a driver and utilities disk, and two Molex to 6-pin PCI-E power adapters. Missing in this early production board's accessories was an SLI bridge, but one will be included with retail boards.
MSI's venerable Twin Frozr cooler makes another appearance here. This version has four heat pipes and two 80mm fans. As with the N680GTX Lightning, the fans initially spin backwards at power-on to help dislodge any dust buildup. The very tall fan shroud partially blocks access to one of the SLI connectors on top of the card; previous cards using this design included an extra-long SLI bridge to work around this.
The top of the card is home to the standard two SLI connectors (with blue plastic protective covers in this image) and two 6-pin PCI-E power connectors. Unlike the N680GTX Lightning, there is no switchable BIOS, and thus no BIOS switch.
The back of the card lacks the stabilizing and protective metal backplate its big brother sports. Oddly, two of the card's eight Hynix GDDR5 memory chips are mounted on the back, visible in this photo near the PCI-E connector at the bottom of the card.
Let's take a closer look at this card in the next section.
Good read, and now it's official, I want one (or two) of them.415-742-8062
33 Millwood Street, Suite 4
Mill Valley 94941
Mill Valley 94941
melaniegreenberg@comcast.net
Providing private individual sessions for:
- Chronic Pain or Illness: chronic pain, fatigue, IBS, headache, arthritis,autoimmune, cancer, hypertension etc
- Health Psychology: weight management, lifestyle changes, eating disorders
- Depression and Anxiety Disorders: depression: generalized anxiety, panic disorder, OCD
- Grief and Trauma: PTSD symptoms, emotional numbing, prolonged grief, dealing with past child abuse
- Relationship & Family Stress: relationship conflict, marital discord, divorce, parenting support, aging parents
- Work-Life Conflict & Financial Stress: dealing with loss of status and position, rebuilding, job stress
- Addictions: emotional triggers, spirituality,compassion, relapse prevention, physiology
- Couples Counseling: conflict management skills, compassionate communication, regaining trust and connection
- Stress Management and Integrative Techniques: deep breathing, muscle relaxation, mindfulness, mental imagery,
- Anger Management and Assertiveness Skills: social problem-solving, conflict management and relaxation skills
- Co-dependency: addressing problematic relational patterns, identifying core values and setting limits
- Parent Training: value-based parenting, role modeling, communication, setting limits,
- Kids Peer Relationships: gossip, betrayal, exclusion, cliques, social problem-solving, standing up for oneselfSo much for leading through civilian power
- By Kori SchakeKori Schake is a fellow at the Hoover Institution and contributor to Foreign Policy’s Shadow Government blog.
According to the New York Times, the administration is reconsidering its commitment to maintain in Iraq the largest civilian mission the U.S. has ever attempted. Drawing down the U.S. mission in Iraq is the right choice. But while the Time‘s article attempts to cast the policy shift as the result of declining U.S. influence in Iraq, it is really more a story of incapacity by the State Department to scope, plan, and carry out diplomatic missions of the breadth and difficulty posed by circumstances in Iraq. Those circumstances are largely of the Obama administration’s making, as they set arbitrary timelines for our military drawdown that exacerbated tensions within Iraq while ignoring Prime Minister’s al Maliki’s creeping authoritarianism.
The Quadrennial Diplomacy and Development Review championed the mission in glowing terms: "In Iraq, we are in the midst of the largest military-to-civilian transition since the Marshall Plan. Our civilian presence is prepared to take the lead, secure the military’s gains, and build the institutions necessary for long-term stability." None of those objectives has been achieved.. It will take a much greater investiture of political and managerial attention to build that State Department, but it is very much in our interests to continue reforming the State Department so that it could plan and carry out a civilian mission of complexity like that which is now needed in Iraq.
Related Stories
The exit is the strategyKori SchakeKori Schake is a fellow at the Hoover Institution and contributor to Foreign Policy’s Shadow Government blog. | Shadow Government |
6 Shares
The disconnect in Obama’s plan for IraqKori SchakeKori Schake is a fellow at the Hoover Institution and contributor to Foreign Policy’s Shadow Government blog. | Shadow Government |
5 Shares
House of Lies Season 1 Episode 4
Mini-Mogul
Air Date:
Recap
Marty takes his son along on a business trip this week, but it's Doug who ends up spending the most time with him talking about his issue at school. Marty is busy babysitting the pod's latest case, a teenage hacker turned CEO of a major security company. Jeannie hides her engagement from the team and while in San Francisco has a one night stand with a local musician. Marty makes a heated call to his ex-wife and later apologizes to Roscoe for not spending enough time with him on the trip.
- Show:
- House of Lies
- Season:
- House of Lies Season 1
- Episode Number:
- 4Schools' power backup at risk
Three generators that protect district systems are about to become unavailable.
By JEFFREY S. SOLOCHEK, Times Staff Writer
Published September 6, 2007
LAND O'LAKES - The Pasco County School Board has a problem as it enters the heart of hurricane season.
And it's not whether it violated employees' rights by telling them they're on-call to work if a storm smashes the region. That hearing is scheduled for later this month.
Rather, the district stands to lose three giant generators that Withlacoochee River Electric has kept - free of charge - at the district headquarters, River Ridge High and Hudson High for the past decade. And it has no other utility backup to protect its records, or the patients who come to the River Ridge special needs shelter.
"I was in Charlotte County after Hurricane Charley, and I saw what happened" with the school district that couldn't get restarted because it lost all its records, said board member Allen Altman, who brought the issue to the board's attention Tuesday. "We need a system."
But the electric cooperative, which has been trying to work out contract details with the district for 18 months, is ready to pack up.
The company doesn't generally renew generator contracts these days, general manager Billy Brown said. So as the district has refused to pay a monthly fuel charge of about $1,100 since early 2006, and would not enter an agreement in a timely fashion, Withlacoochee River Electric decided to walk away.
"As of right now, it's our plan to pull those generators," Brown said Wednesday, reiterating the main point of a letter he sent to superintendent Heather Fiorentino on Aug. 14 - one day after a district employee sent an e-mail to the co-op again refusing to pay the fuel charge.
"We have spent considerable time, effort and money at the Land O'Lakes complex and have failed to satisfy you," Brown wrote in that letter. "We are no longer prepared to provide this subsidy to you and the generator will be removed from this complex in early October."
Renting similar generators would cost the district about $12,000 or more monthly, Altman said.
Fiorentino said she had been trying to broker a deal with Brown for some time, but she was unwilling to authorize a contract - or payment for the generator services - until she was convinced that the generators worked. Over several months, Fiorentino said, the cooperative could not demonstrate that the generators would protect district systems.
"On one day when they came out (to test the generators), they clicked it off and it did not go on again," she said.
She said Brown's Aug. 14 letter emerged after a series of miscommunications. When she tried to set up a meeting, Brown refused to come, she said. So Fiorentino turned it over to the board's attorney, Dennis Alfonso, whom she said had worked out the details for a contract to move ahead.
Fiorentino plans to bring a contract to the board next week.
Brown expressed surprise at her plans.
"I have no idea what she is going to bring to the School Board," he said. "We don't renew generator contracts anymore."
He acknowledged the district might have concerns about having generators to back up their systems. But that's the district's responsibility, not the co-op's, he added.
"I don't have anything to do with what they feel like they need as far as a backup," Brown said. "The superintendent has got the letter, and I'm sure the School Board has it. As far as I'm concerned, it's the School Board's problem to deal with now."
Which took board chairwoman Marge Whaley aback.
Whaley said she knew "next to nothing" about the issue until Altman mentioned it. And she didn't ask many questions after Fiorentino assured her that the contract was coming up next week. She planned to delve into the matter more closely before the board meets Tuesday.
Jeffrey S. Solochek can be reached at solochek@sptimes.com or (813) 909-4614. For more education news, visit the Gradebook at blogs.tampabay.com/schools.All about Async/Await, System.Threading.Tasks, System.Collections.Concurrent, System.Linq, and more…
The Task Parallel Library in the .NET Framework 4 provides an opt-in feature that enables parent-child relationships between tasks. This relationship brings with it some additional behaviors, including that a parent task is not considered completed until all of its child tasks have completed, and that exceptions from any faulted child tasks are bubbled up to the parent. The relationship is also visible through the new Parallel Tasks window in Visual Studio 2010. That's a very cursory description of what's actually a rich topic with several subleties: if you would like to understand better parent-child relationships between tasks in .NET 4, read this in-depth paper written by Ling Wo and Cristina Manu:
Parent-Child Task Relationships in the .NET Framework 4
(This paper and many more are available through the Parallel Computing Developer Center on MSDN at.)
3 comments:
Definately worth thinking about and then doing it. These are the kind of things that most of us try to block out. Thanks for reminding me, hopefully I will get something in writing.But i don't have time to die for a long time ....too much fabric! :-)
Thank you so much for this. My first husband got sick suddenly and there was so much we had not discussed. People want to leave these things till they are "old". You never know what might happen.
Definately worth thinking about and then doing it so that u can save time and energy..
--
Jack
Best Affordable Security Systems Suitable for Renters and Apartments, Business and RVData.Generic.Diff
Contents
Description
Use this library to get an efficient, optimal, type-safe
diff and
patch function for your datatypes of choice by defining a simple GADT and
some class instances. The process is explained in the documentation of the
Family type class.
The result of
diff is an optimal
EditScript that contains the operations
that need to be performed to get from the source value to the destination
value. The edit script can be used by
patch, inspected with
show and used
for all kinds of interesting stuff you come up with.
The library has been extracted from Eelco Lempsink's Master's Thesis
Generic type-safe diff and patch for families of datatypes (available online:). See Appendix C for a large example.
Note that some types and functions have been renamed for the benefit of the API
(e.g.,
diff to
diffL,
diff1 to
diff,
Diff to
EditScriptL).
Synopsis
- diff :: (Type f x, Type f y) => x -> y -> EditScript f x y
- patch :: EditScript f x y -> x -> y
- diffL :: (Family f, List f txs, List f tys) => txs -> tys -> EditScriptL f txs tys
- patchL :: forall f txs tys. EditScriptL f txs tys -> txs -> tys
- compress :: Family f => EditScriptL f txs tys -> EditScriptL f txs tys
- data EditScriptL where
- Ins :: (Type f t, List f ts, List f tys) => f t ts -> EditScriptL f txs (Append ts tys) -> EditScriptL f txs (Cons t tys)
- Del :: (Type f t, List f ts, List f txs) => f t ts -> EditScriptL f (Append ts txs) tys -> EditScriptL f (Cons t txs) tys
- Cpy :: (Type f t, List f ts, List f txs, List f tys) => f t ts -> EditScriptL f (Append ts txs) (Append ts tys) -> EditScriptL f (Cons t txs) (Cons t tys)
- CpyTree :: (Type f t, List f txs, List f tys) => EditScriptL f txs tys -> EditScriptL f (Cons t txs) (Cons t tys)
- End :: EditScriptL f Nil Nil
- type EditScript f x y = EditScriptL f (Cons x Nil) (Cons y Nil)
- class Family f where
- class Family f => Type f t where
- constructors :: [Con f t]
- data a :=: b where
- data Con where
- data Nil = CNil
- data Cons x xs = CCons x xs
Diffing and patchLing
diff :: (Type f x, Type f y) => x -> y -> EditScript f x ySource
patch :: EditScript f x y -> x -> ySource
Apply the edit script to value.
For multiple datatypes
diffL :: (Family f, List f txs, List f tys) => txs -> tys -> EditScriptL f txs tysSource
patchL :: forall f txs tys. EditScriptL f txs tys -> txs -> tysSource
Patch compression
compress :: Family f => EditScriptL f txs tys -> EditScriptL f txs tysSource
Patch datatype
data EditScriptL whereSource
The
EditScriptL datatype captures the result of
diffL and can be used as the input
to
patchL (and
compress).
The
diffL function use a depth-first preorder traversal to traverse the
expression trees. The edit script it outputs contains the operation that must
be applied to the constructor at that point: either keeping it (
Cpy),
removing it (
Del, which does not remove the complete subtree, but contracts
the edge of the removed node) or inserting a new constructor (
Ins, which can
only be done if the available subtrees at that point correspond to the types
the constructor expects). (The
CpyTree is only used when running
compress
over an existing edit script.)
For more information about this datatype, you're advised to look at Eelco Lempsink's thesis at.
Constructors
Instances
type EditScript f x y = EditScriptL f (Cons x Nil) (Cons y Nil)Source
Edit script type for two single values.
Type classes
class Family f whereSource
To use
diff and
patch on your datatypes, you must create an instance of
Family.
There are four steps to set up everything for
diff and
patch.
- Define your datatypes. (Presumable, you already have done this.)
- Create a family datatype, grouping your datatypes together.
- Make the family datatype an instance of
Family
- Create
Typeinstances for each member of the family.
Steps 1-3 are explained below, step 4 is explained in the documentation for
Type.
As a running example, we create a simple family of datatypes (step 1):
data Expr = Min Expr Term data Term = Parens Expr | Number Int
The second step is creating the family datatype. Each constructor in the datatypes above gets a constructor in a family GADT:
data ExprTermFamily :: * -> * -> * where Min' :: ExprTermFamily Expr (Cons Expr (Cons Term Nil)) Parens' :: ExprTermFamily Term (Cons Expr Nil) Number' :: ExprTermFamily Term (Cons Int Nil) Int' :: Int -> ExprTermFamily Int Nil
The first type argument of the datatype must be the resulting type of the
constructor. The second argument captures the types of the arguments the
constructor expects. Note how to use
Cons and
Nil to create type level
lists.
The
Int' constructor is special, in the sense that it captures the
Int type
abstractly (listing all
Int's constructors would be quite impossible).
Caveat emptor: polymorphic datatypes (like lists) are ill-supported and require family constructors for each instance. It might require another master thesis project to solve this.
Step 3 is to create the instance for the
Family class. For each function you
will have to implement four functions. It's straightforward albeit a bit
boring.
instance Family ExprTermFamily where decEq Min' Min' = Just (Refl, Refl) decEq Parens' Parens' = Just (Refl, Refl) decEq Number' Number' = Just (Refl, Refl) decEq (Int' x) (Int' y) | x == y = Just (Refl, Refl) | otherwise = Nothing decEq _ _ = Nothing fields Min' (Min e t) = Just (CCons e (CCons t CNil)) fields Parens' (Parens e) = Just (CCons e CNil) fields Number' (Number i) = Just (CCons i CNil) fields (Int' _) _ = Just CNil fields _ _ = Nothing apply Min' (CCons e (CCons t CNil)) = Min e t apply Parens' (CCons e CNil) = Parens e apply Number' (CCons i CNil) = Number i apply (Int' i) CNil = i string Min' = "Min" string Parens' = "Parens" string Number' = "Number" string (Int' i) = show i
Methods
decEq :: f tx txs -> f ty tys -> Maybe (tx :=: ty, txs :=: tys)Source
Return an instance of the equality GADT (
Refl) of the type and
constructor arguments are equal, else return
Nothing.
fields :: f t ts -> t -> Maybe tsSource
When the constructor from the family matches the
real constructor,
return the arguments in a heterogeneous list, else return
Nothing.
apply :: f t ts -> ts -> tSource
When the constructor from the family and the heterogeneous list of
arguments match, apply the
real constructor. For abstract
constructors, the list of arguments should be
CNil, but you project
out the value saved with the family constructor.
string :: f t ts -> StringSource
class Family f => Type f t whereSource
For each type in the family, you need to create an instance of
Type, listing
all the members of the family GADT which belong to one type.
This is step 4 of the four steps needed to be able to use
diff and
patch.
Steps 1-3 are explained in the documentation for
Family.
Continuing the example from the
Family documentation, the instances for
Type are:
instance Type ExprTermFamily Term where constructors = [Concr Number', Concr Parens'] instance Type ExprTermFamily Expr where constructors = [Concr Min'] instance Type ExprTermFamily Int where constructors = [Abstr Int']
Methods
constructors :: [Con f t]Source
List of constructors from the family GADT for one type in your family
Supporting datatypes
Constructors
Con wraps both concrete and abstract constructors to a simple type so
constructors for a single type can be put together in a list, see
Type for
more information and an example.
Use
Concr for concrete constructors (e.g., for simple abstract datatypes).
Use
Abstr for abstract constructors (e.g., for build-in types or types with many
(or infinite) constructors)
Constructors
Constructors
InstancesThe Horrible Show Live #403 - Making the Best of Bad Games
826d ago - We all makes mistakes, and bad video games are going to find their way into your library at some... | PC
The Deal: Most Disappointing Game of 2012
844d ago - "Marquis and I discuss our "Most Disappointing Game" pick of 2012 with some rather interesting co... | Industry
See what games are coming out in 2015
Now - Visit our release calendar to see what games are coming out in 2015. | Promoted post
N4G Radio 07/30/2012
1025d ago - The summer lull continues to beat down the boys this week. Hosts: Ken McKown Jason Gambrel... | PC
New images for Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City Vector Action Figure
1053d ago - Several new images have been revealed for the upcoming Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City Vect... | PC
Games Only Podcast 44 – Vessel, Penny Arcade Ep3, Walking Dead Ep2
1054d ago - This week! –Sunflower plays the new Battlefield 3 DLC, Close Quarters! Is it worth your money?... | PC
Resident Evil ORC Echo Six - Turrets Syndrome Trophy Achievement Guide
1090d ago - This guide shows you how to turn off the three turrets on the level - The Place We're Meant To Di... | PC
Resident Evil ORC Echo Six - The Place We're Meant To Die Playthrough
1093d ago - This is a playthrough of the stage The Place We're Meant To Die achieving the "Derailed" Trophy. | PC
Resident Evil ORC Echo Six - Divided We Fall - Boys Club Trophy Achievement Guide
1093d ago - In this guide we net three Trophies, "Divided We Fall"(complete any mission with no HUMAN play... | PC
Super Gaming Best Friends #109 - Manis, Pedis, and Demons
1100d ago - Josh, Justin, Ethan and special guest, Deeto, kick back and relax to discuss the latest gossip on... | PC
Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City PC gameplay Mission 1
1104d ago - Enizr.com writes: "I recently procured the PC version of Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City and... | PC
Resident Evil - Operation Raccoon City - Mission 1 Containment S+ Walkthrough
1120d ago - This is an S+ run on the first Mission Containment. You will only have to fight soldiers and cer... | PC
Resident Evil - Operation Raccoon City - A Bloody Good Time Trophy Achievement Guide
1126d ago - This is a combat related trophy and it can be done either in Campaign Mode or Versus Mode. For th... | PC
Resident Evil - Operation Raccoon City - Raccoon City Mascot Trophy Achievement Guide
1127d ago - In this vid I show the locations to all the Raccoons, achieving the Raccoon City Mascot Trophy! | PC
Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City:The Loyalists - Died Trying - A Hero Spared! Achievement Guide
1127d ago - This guide shows the three available endings for Resident Evil ORC. Died Trying - Attempt "The R... | PC
rawDLC: Episode 78 – The Kinect Effect Cubed - Extended Edition
1127d ago - This week on rawDLC, the saga continues as the guys talk, once again, about Mass Effect 3 with th... | Culture
Signed In #91: FEZ / Kinect Star Wars / Silent Hill: Downpour
1130d ago - Worry no longer folks, the gang’s all here! The show opens with a bunch of Indy games including W... | Xbox 360
Resident Evil - Operation Raccoon City - All Special Brutal Moves
1130d ago - This is a fan video showing all the charactor's Special Brutal Moves, to perform one you need to... | PC
Play Vault Podcast Episode 49: The Gaming Drunk Tank
1130d ago - Play Vault: "Join hosts; Jonathan Wilson Xbox: Jonmau5, Benjamin Jones: Xbox: bcJonesy and And... | Culture
Games & Memes Comics: Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City Challenge
1131d ago - A comic strip series featuring meme characters. Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City didn't turn... | PC
Resident Evil - Operation Raccoon City -Tongue Tied Trophy Achievement Guide
1134d ago - For this trophy simply shoot a Licker that has grappled one of your squad members. | PC
Find out when Uncharted 4 releases on PS4
Now - Start tracking Uncharted 4 at Releases.com to get important updates about this game release. | Promoted post
Resident Evil: ORC Spec Ops DLC Screenshots / Trailer and Release Date Revealed
1140d ago - Capcom has released today, ten brand new screens and the release date of the upcoming Spec Ops DL... | PC
Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City - Spec Ops DLC Trailer
1140d ago - The official Spec Ops DLC trailer of Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City. | PC
N4G Radio 04/02/2012
1144d ago - This week Space Michael dominates your nightmares while the guys discuss the solution for used ga... | Xbox 360
First look at the $300 Resident Evil Nemesis Polystone Statue
1145d ago - The first images have been revealed for the limited edition Resident Evil Nemesis Polystone Statu... | PC
The GameArena Podcast Ep 128 - A bloody soundboard
1145d ago - This week on the GameArena Podcast Luke, Jae, Heath and Joab talk about Max Payne 3 multiplayer,... | PC
Page 1 Next page »What Grilling Seafood at Macy's Scottsdale.
Demand that Macy's Scottsdale gets added to the next tour!Demand it!
Sorry, you missed Grilling Seafood at Macy's Scottsdale.
Demand that Scottsdale gets added to the next tour!Demand it!
You missed Grilling Seafood at Macy's Scottsdale.
We're generating custom event recommendations for you based on Grilling Seafood right now!.
Prevent animal abusers from adopting again!
"Bigger than myself, [NJROTC] Cleveland is such a great place because outside of being a place that helped me develop my
People need to sign this petition because Facebook refuses to do anything about this site. They state they don't see any
Every day across Africa, wild elephants are being slaughtered to meet the insatiable demand for ivory. Entire herds are
Historic Blair Mountain, the site of one of the largest labor uprisings in U.S. history, in 1921, is under assault by
Cats are being tortured, beaten and skinned everyday in China for food and for their fur!!! The way the animals areTheto convert the text into a Lisp object (see Input Functions).
The first thing this function does is to activate a minibuffer and display it with prompt-string as the prompt. This value must be a string. Then the user can edit text in the minibuffer.
When the user types a command to exit the minibuffer,
read-from-minibufferconstructis used as the keymap. Specifying a keymap is the most important way to customize the minibuffer for various applications such as completion.
The argument hist specifies which history list variable to use for saving the input and for history commands used in the minibuffer. It defaults to
minibuffer-history. See Minibuffer History.
If the variable
minibuffer-allow-text-propertiesis non-
nil, then the string whichLet's start with the good news: It's not too late to get the flu shot! Even though there are "spot shortages" of the vaccine being reported around the country and this year's flu shot is only considered "moderately" effective (at 62%), it's still your best bet for avoiding this year's bug, which is (ready for the bad news?) a really, really bad one. How bad?
So far this season, more than 2,000 have died in the U.S. of flu-related complications, a number which has "pushed the illness past the 'epidemic' threshold." Oh, and more bad news: The outbreak could be far from over.
While some experts were hoping this year's flu already reached its peak, CDC Director Thomas Frieden said the current data could be unreliable because it was collected at the end of the holiday season when few people schedule visits to the doctor (meaning fewer people receiving diagnoses).
All told, this "season" could last another 2 to 4 months! Cripes. What to do?! Like we said, it's not too late to get the flu shot -- but bear in mind flu vaccines don't protect against other nasty diseases making the rounds right now including a new form of norovirus and a severe strain of whooping cough -- so don't forget to stick to those hand-washing, good-hygiene basics!!
Have you managed to avoid the flu so far this year?
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economyResults 141 to 145 of 1792
Thread: Name sightings
Re: Name sightings
Originally Posted by kaila
Re: Name sightings
I'm so confused by the name Boo!
Can you even have exclamation points in formal names?? Are you sure the kid wasn't lying to you?
:shock:
Re: Name sightings
I'm positive she wasn't lying. I asked the mother of the kids I nanny for and she pointed me towards an article about her. Would it be okay to link it here? I'm hesitant because it includes her full name and city.Crusade 1999 | TV Show Watchlist
A sequel to `Babylon 5' follows a starship crew's search for a cure to a deadly virus ravaging Earth.
Premiered: June 9, 1999
Rating: TV-PG
Latest Full EpisodesSee all »
A dangerous experiment takes place aboard the Excalibur. RICHARD BIGGS guest stars.
Two persecuted alien investigators believe that Earth is covertly invading them.
Gideon conducts an illegal raid to free a fugitive with information that could save Earth.
Galen warns Gideon not to explore a planet where the inhabitants were suddenly eradicated.
Cast & Details See all »
- Premiered: June 9, 1999
- Rating: TV-PG
- User Rating:
- Premise: A sequel to `Babylon 5' follows a starship crew's search for a cure to a deadly virus ravaging
Liberty's Crusade (StarCraft, Book 1)
By PocketBuy New: $6.57
Babylon 5:Complete series Plus The Movie/Crusade Collection [DVD
By Warner Home VideoBuy New: $144.99
Chrono Crusade: Complete Series S.A.V.E.
By FunimationBuy New: Domino's Pizza Plans Stock Sale
Published: April 14, 2004
Domino's Pizza Inc., the world's second-biggest pizza chain, said yesterday that it planned to sell shares in an initial public offering and use the money to pay back debt.
Domino's, based in Ann Arbor, Mich., did not say how many shares it plans to sell or at what price. The company disclosed the plan, which is intended to raise $300 million, in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Bain Capital L.L.C., a private equity firm in Boston, owns about 49 percent of Domino's, according to the S.E.C. filing. Bain bought its stake from the founder, Thomas S. Monaghan, in 1998 and was reported to have paid about $1 billion at the time. Mr. Monaghan is the second-largest shareholder after Bain, with a 27 percent stake.
J.P. Morgan Chase & Company and Citigroup are managing the Domino's offering. The company is 44 years old and has about 7,400 company-owned and franchised stores in more than 50 countries.
The company had net income of $39 million on revenue of $1.33 billion in 2003, compared with net income of $60.5 million on revenue of $1.28 billion in 2002.x
Photo: Jordan Doner - Courtesy of Avery Marriott
These vintage Eame’s chairs, wonderfully and imaginatively collaged by artist Phillip Estlund, would be perfect for my studio!
In Estlund’s own words:
“These chairs were realized, rather fortuitously, while working on a series of collages in my West Palm Beach studio. I often work with imagery from field guides and books containing detailed images from nature. As I was organizing cut out images of flowers I laid them out on several surfaces, including on the seat of my Herman Miller, Eames molded fiberglass chair. The otherwise stark surface became immediately activated in a way that I hadn’t considered and after arranging and adhering the flowers to the seat the result was the Bloom Chair.”
At $3,600 each, I’ll have to let them pass, alas!
x
x
Tags: collage, design inspiration, furniture
Poppy–get a set of comfortable chairs and use decopage. I know I am a cheap skate, but I think it could work. And these are fantastic!. Good luck.FEMINIST WIRE NEWSBRIEFS.
Media Resources: Jackson Clarion-Ledger 2/5/2013; Mississippi Senate Bill 2795 2/5/2013; Feminist Newswire 11/29/2012, 11/9/2011
© Feminist Majority Foundation, publisher of Ms. magazine
If you liked this story, consider making a tax-deductible donation to support Ms. magazine.
More Feminist News
Search Feminist Wire >>
Feminist Wire Archive >>bookpile
02-25-2008, 03:42 PM
I'm flying tomorrow for an interview so I want to make sure my shave looks good. I wasn't planning on checking a bag, my understanding is that I can take a mach 3 on board but not a DE? I was thinking about taking my brush, mach 3, and a small bit of proraso in a little bottle. What do you usually lather in when you're on the road? A plastic cup?
Thanks
ThanksThis is a fun thing for me to post because it means I’ve finished drafting my next book, tentatively titled “The New Potential”. So, today’s story is simply Chapter 1 of the book. It was a shorter but much more difficult process to put this work together for me. The reasons for that I can’t even really begin to understand. The end product however is something that I’m really enjoying. The project has taken shape nicely and as I begin to edit the thing, may of my fears have been assuaged.
Less talk, more rock. Presenting The New Potential – Chapter 1: Shooting the Messenger
Chapter 1: Shooting the Messenger
Bad news will always find a way to deliver itself. One can hardly be blamed for shooting first in times like these.
-Twitch
Past
The Governor of Keldj and his sons trudged out to the border of their known territory so that the edge of the great forest was in sight. Core prepared a campfire to ward them against the frigid temperatures. There was no telling how long they would actually be out here.
Governor Stiven went about rousing the woman while Lucius stood over her with his scatter-gun pointed menacingly in her direction.
The girl arose with a violent start, her eyes darting back and forth. Her clothing was different from the men that surrounded her. Dark cloth interlaced with leather covered the woman. Where the others were draped in multiple layers of fur and heavy materials, the woman only had a heavy cloak to shield her against the cold.
“Where am I? Why is it so cold? Who…who are you?” She focused her gaze on Core and then Lucius. “You…and you…Old Kin!” She staggered to her feet, losing her footing in the snow but still rising to face her captures. Core was the largest of the three men, taller than the other two by a foot or more and nearly twice as wide. He stepped in front of the woman and gruffly shoved her back to the ground. “This is not a discussion that will happen on equal footing young lady.”
She fell back to the ground undeterred, none of the fight had left her eyes. Stiven put his hands behind his back and paced around the campfire before he addressed her, “You claimed my children are in danger. What are they in danger of?”
The girl’s eyes took on a wild look to them. Core noticed subtle signs that foretold of rash action. He loomed over her threateningly in response.
The girl scuttled like a crab away from him, moving as fast on all four limbs as most men do on two feet. She pointed at Stiven and began to shout. “YOU! Even now she conspires to turn you against them! She will take EVERYTHING from you. She will corrupt everything, steal everything you love…and you, YOU will help her!” Her cries were desperate and somewhat pathetic. She raged against a darkness and a conspiracy that all others were oblivious to. Core and Lucius moved to protect their father while the girl staggered backwards, her footing uncertain in the unpacked snow.
Stiven looked to his sons with uncertainty.
She screamed again, “Why can I not remember? No, no no! I have to remember. I have to stop you. I have to protect them. I…can’t remember anything else!” She was panting, having screamed the very breath out of her body. She composed herself slightly and continued, “Core Stiven, Lucius Stiven, heroes against the darkness, that old sin moves to take her vengeance now. When a fallen knight and his followers arrive with word from the south, you must heed them. You will know them by the authority they wield and by the strength of their conviction…”
The girl staggered some more before collapsing into the snow.
Lucius lowered his scatter-gun, “Father, your taste in woman is wretched.” Her frantic antics gave Lucius the impression that she was more loud than dangerous.
“She is an elf Lucius. I do not know how or why an elf has made its way into our lands. I never thought in my lifetime I would encounter one. You will indulge my curiosity.” Stiven replied with the authority of a father.
Core moved towards the girl, “She’s mad. That much is obvious. Could it be that an elf has survived for all these years alone out there? I think that might make anyone mad.”
Lucius interjected, “What if she isn’t alone? If there’s one, there’s many.”
“I’m not sure old axioms about undead apply to living elves.” Core replied. “We best do what we originally claimed we were going to do. She should be imprisoned.”
Stiven shook his head. “If there are others, they may come looking for her and if the legends are true, having elves about is not something I want in my lands.”
“Then what of her claims?” Lucius spoke while looking down at the darkly clad elf, “How exactly do you plan to destroy us father?”
Core grunted, “That much concerns me as well. Something she said, something about “that old sin”, I’ve read or heard that before somewhere.”
Lucius spat as he responded, “The Oracle.”
Stiven looked down and quietly said to himself, “Yes, that’s it. That damned Oracle. If there’s even a hint of truth to it… I’ve made a decision. The girl is to be released to the forest. If she is tied to old prophecy, then she will survive. If not, then it is on her to find her own way. She will not be executed nor will she be imprisoned.”
He turned with a solemn glance to his two children. “Tomorrow morning, I pass on leadership of Keldj to you Core. Sparring the life of this elf is the last action I take as Governor. By midday tomorrow, I will retire to the great forge in the mountain.”
“I am far from ready Father. This land needs you, not me.” Core dreaded the idea of taking the mantle of leadership while his father still lived.
Stiven replied, “You would do well to respect the decisions of your elders, particularly when they involve you.”
Lucius took what few supplies he had on him and tossed them at the woman. He returned her sword to her and left an empty pistol and a few rounds next to her. Kneeling down, he spoke quietly to the elf, “Run. Run now. If you ever come before me again and pose a threat to my family, I will kill you.”
The girl gathered up the sword and food but left the pistol, “We are all family Lucius. It is all we have.” She trudged away through the snow, faltering at first before breaking into an impressive running stride. The familiarity of the elf spoke to them with disturbed Lucius greatly.
Present
Will looked out from Britania’s western wall. He could see the lush green landscape beyond the city walls and wondered what it must be like to freely walk out into the wilderness. His duties as a rifleman for the great City State of Britania kept him high above the massive city he was sworn to protect. It separated him from people but it allowed him to look out upon the natural world that nearly all citizens were forbidden from stepping into.
Of course no one had any desire to step out from behind Britania’s massive walls. Beyond the great walls was a pristine natural world, unblemished by the hand of man yet completely filled with unyielding horror. Humanity had long been relegated to holding up in their massive cities, of which only five existed. The world outside the safety of the walls was populated by an ancient race of slain elves, remnants from a forgotten war that left the losing side doomed to walk the land as undead monstrosities.
At some point in the past, beyond the memories of those living today, an entire people had been slaughtered. Their bodies were risen up and used as a terrible undead army to assault humanity. Only through the sinister machinations of The Tyrant King had humanity united under a plan that might ensure its own survival. Despite that plan and the emergence of the great walled cities, humanity remained on the verge of extinction since that time.
As a rifleman, Will was part of the first line of defense in Britania. The undead were almost manageable when in small numbers. One, two, even five were a trifle, no threat to the city at all. However, when they began to gather, when several of them were within close proximity to one another, the undead monsters became something cunning…something dangerous. As they gathered in larger numbers the undead would become faster and smarter. They would begin to remember aspects of their old lives. They would formulate strategies and use weapons. Worst of all, on occasion, they would employ magic.
The riflemen were there to cull the heard. They were there to head off danger before it became a threat. Though Britania kept trained warriors and could ready an army in short order, open conflict against the horde was never an option. The curse responsible for the presence of the undead hordes never left the world it was set upon and it never diminished. Open conflict against the horde was not an option because any man, woman, or child who died for any reason in this world also found themselves rising up against their fellow man.
Life within the great City-States was an exercise in living under constant siege.
Will considered these things as he had every morning he spent atop the wall. “This is hell.” he muttered to himself.
“Talking to yourself old man?” the voice called out mockingly to him. “Pressure getting to ya? How about letting me put this here bit of tin to use for the first time?” It was one of the new recruits. Recently the Central Government had gone to great lengths to increase their numbers. There was no end to the number of people who would jump at an opportunity like this. The pay was amazing, you got to legally carry a firearm, and there were many unofficial perks as well. The standards for entry had been quite high until recently.
Will sneered under his mask, “I tell ya what kid, you plug the first one we spot today with your first shot and I’ll pay our tab tonight at the tavern.
The new recruit turned back to the others on the wall, “Looks like we’ve got a wager gents! So what do you want if I, and I know it’s unlikely, but what do you want if I should miss?”
“Nothing. Call it a welcoming gift to your new job.” Will tried his best to smile. Out of the corner of his eye he saw movement below. “Looks like there is one approaching now. Lucky for us, isn’t it? No time like the present to show off those skills Ace.”
The kid looked down the wall, “Yea, you’re right.” He lifted up his rifle still new and shiny. There were no powder burns, the butt of the gun was still polished, and the kid’s bandoleer had a full compliment of ammunition. He took his time, lined up the shot. His finger edged the trigger. Right as he was about to make the precise nerve twitch that would destroy the unholy creation below, there came a massive crack of fire from slightly to the right and behind him. This caused the new recruit to jerk and fire wildly off into the forest. He knew at once what, or rather, whom had caused it.
“You bastard!” He could see Will leaning casually against the adjacent wall, his rifle resting on his shoulder and a column of smoke brewing up from it.
“You missed. Hunh. Who’d have thought. You’re really going to have to work on those nerves Ace.” The newbies might be good on a range without distractions but the wall was a different world. They would learn in time.
The other riflemen were laughing. They had seen this play out more times than they could count. The new recruits that kept their nerves could count on a bright future with the Central Government. Word always got around. For those that could not keep a steady hand, they would at least ear steady pay. The kid realized at once what happened to him and knew enough to not make it worse by making a scene.
“Will, you want this thing downed or what?” one of the other riflemen called out.
“Take it out.”
A series of 3 shots rang out. The situation should have been settled.
“WILLIAM!” Something was wrong. “Will, it dodged…It dodged the shots!” the man called out in alarm. “Send for the Templars! We’ve got LEGION!!!”
The word made Will sick to his stomach. ‘Legion’ They were the “living” undead, able to call and gather the roaming shamblers to their side. They were unholy contradiction. Legion were those of sound mind and soul, slaughtered in rage and anger, who even in death managed to keep their cognitive abilities. They could act alone, think alone, and cause great destruction through dark magics. Worst of all, with Legion, where there was one, there would soon be many.
The alarms sounded and the Templars were on the streets before the citizenry even knew that they should no longer be in the same place.
Then the unthinkable happened. The Legion of one stopped in front of the massive ancient gate to Britania, lifted its hand and the gate gave way.
The world, was about to end.Over a year ago
Hye @xxSaintNikkixx,
We don’t know when we’ll be getting new items on the Street Team Store, but be sure to keep checking back in to make sure you don’t miss them!
~Annie from peta2.
Search
PLEASE READ:
All animal emergencies (injured, stray, neglected, abused, etc) should be reported to our Emergency Response Team, not posted on the Boards.
Chatting Today
Cut Class, Not Frogs
Over a year ago
So i noticed that there are lots of new items available in the store! The shirt I’ve wanted for a long time is the “Cut Class, Not Frogs” one. Since this is only available for purchase in the actual store, I assume we’ll be able to buy it with points soon? How long until we can buy the shirts with points, and can we “pre-order” any of these shirts? Thanks!
Connie Musgrove
Connie Musgrove
Connie Musgrove
Advisor to the President / Senior Research Coordinator
UMCES Annapolis Office
1 Park Place
Suite 325
Annapolis, MD 21401
USA
Phone: (410) 622-3892
Cell: (443) 336-3612
CV
PERSONAL DETAILS
SUMMARY
Over 30 years demonstrated experience in identifying and implementing innovative strategies for environmental and natural resource problems; proven effectiveness in linking science with policy decisions; proficient in managing complex issues, building consensus and facilitating solutions.
WORK EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION
B.A. Political Science, double minor in entomology and psychology, University of California, Riverside 1971; one year political science Universite de Bordeaux, France; specialized training in executive management through the Senior Executive Association and Office of Personnel Management; negotiation and mediation courses Harvard Business School, SEA and EPA; Federal Law Enforcement Training Center – Glynco, Georgia; various media presentations training.
INTERESTS AND ACTIVITIES
Sailing, kayaking, yoga and collecting Native American Art
Media
Browse all media articles featuring Connie Musgrove
OR view individually:
Lancaster Farming (Mon 1 Nov, 2010)
Oregon Dairy Organics Opens Its Doors to the Public
Capital News Service (Sat 16 Oct, 2010)
Switching to grazing helps farmers, bay
McClatchey News Service (Mon 29 Jun, 2009)
'Sustainable Dairy' Farmer Shows Big Gain
The Baltimore Sun (Wed 24 Jun, 2009)
'Sustainable' dairy farmer shows big gain
NACD's Resource Magazine (Thu 1 Jan, 2009)
Helping Create and Implement Conservation Plans
Lancaster Farming (Wed 26 Nov, 2008)
Something's Better Than Nothing: Alternative Stream Fencing Pilot Project Offers Compromise to Shenandoah Valley Farmers
Bay Journal (Tue 1 Apr, 2008)
Put out to Pasture: Region's dairy, beef producers are learning that grass is indeed greener when they switch to rotational grazing
The Prince George's Gazette (Thu 27 Mar, 2008)
Grass-fed cattle designed to trim some of the fat: Farmers counting on method to boost business and help the environment
The Washington Post (Fri 26 Oct, 2007)
Across a Great Divide: To Secure the Help of Government-Wary Mennonites in Reducing Farm Pollution in the Bay, Officials First Have to Earn Their Trust
The Delmarva Farmer (Tue 22 May, 2007)
Fine tuning dairy herd feeding
Pennsylvania Farm News (Tue 23 Jan, 2007)
First-Of-Its Kind Program Benefits Lancaster County Farmers, Community
The Cumberland Times-News (Tue 10 Oct, 2006)
Science center gets funds to help cut back bay pollutantsSix Tips for a Healthy Heart
February is American Heart Month and a great time to develop heart-healthy habits.
February is American Heart Month and a great time to focus on the organ that. New research from the National Institutes of Health has found that lower-intensity exercise (staying just below your target heart rate) is healthier than exercise that's high stress and high intensity. Research found that athletes who overdo it can develop scarring of the heart over time.
Take time to rejuvenate in nature. Stress is bad for the heart. At least once a day, if you can, head outdoors to breathe deeply and connect with nature. Doing anything outside, whether it's taking a hike or sitting in the park, significantly reduces stress hormones and lowers your blood pressure, which benefits your heart—and your mood.
Connect with friends and loved ones., citrus and blueberries., play. To high-tech modern ears, it may seem silly to laugh your problems away. But scientists have found ample evidence for the health benefits of lightheartedness and optimism for healing and fighting off illness. Seeking happiness-producing activities is a good way to relieve stress and boost your mood—and heart health. Give it a try this month. It will do your heart good.
Shaman-healer Brant Secunda and six-time Hawaii Ironman World Champion Mark Allen teach seminars on fitness and well-being and are the authors of the book Fit Soul, Fit Body: 9 Keys to a Healthier, Happier You. For more information, visit.
Heart hands image via ShutterstockSearch Tips to Get Spinebreaker Gold
>:>:>:> Get Spinebreaker Gold <:<:<:< World of Warcraft
Over the next 6 minutes, I'm going to show you exactly how we went from poor and flat out noobs to becoming one of the most recognized names in World of Warcraft. I'll also show you precisely how you can copy our results quickly and painlessly so that your accounts look just like ours... Click Here for Free VideoIn keeping with this column's name, I set off on a challenge: Can I walk into a restaurant with a $10 bill and walk out satiated? Turns out the probability of success increases when I focus on Mexican restaurants.
Garcia's
4749 N. Western Ave., 773-769-5600
Garcia's in Lincoln Square is margaritas-Mexican — Topolobampo it ain't, but then again I once saw someone wear a "That's What She Said" T-shirt here. On Friday nights, you can count the clusters of girls-night-out groups throughout the restaurant and the line is out the door.A SUMMER garden has been created at Runcorn Shopping Centre to showcase the talents of the community.
Throughout the school holidays, residents have been invited to come along to sing, dance and join in fun-filled activities.
Widnes Vikings mascot Kemik stage various sporting challenges.
Residents were invited to a 'poppy picnic' and all proceeds from the charity lunch were donated to The Royal British Legion.
Children have enjoyed a pirate and princess party.
Centre manager Karl Clawley said: "We wanted to deliver something the whole family could enjoy.
"To be able to offer such a simple idea and engage community members to entertain each other is really positive.
"In the 12 months that I have been in position, the one thing that I can see is how strong the people of Runcorn are within their communities.
"We are delivering right at the heart of it."
The park is open until Saturday, August 30..
Two recent additions to the collection are from Professor Chinzia Chiappe (University of Pisa), and Dr Peter Dunn (Pfizer).
Professor Chiappe’s 2006 article ‘Acute toxicity of ionic liquids to the zebrafish (Danio rerio)‘ is amongst the highest that year. She has continued on this ionic liquids theme by contributing to the 15 years of Green Chemsitry collection a Critical Review asking ‘Are ionic liquids a proper solution to current environmental challenges?‘
In 2007, Dr Dunn was the lead author on a Perspective article produced from the ACS GCI Pharmaceutical Roundable entitled ‘Key green chemistry research areas—a perspective from pharmaceutical manufacturers‘. His contribution to the 15 years of Green Chemistry collection is another Perspective with an Industrial theme ‘Pharmaceutical Green Chemistry process changes – how long does it take to obtain regulatory approval?’.
All of these articles are free to access until the end of July 2014. The 15 Years of Green Chemistry collection will be added to throughout 2014 and you can access the articles by clicking on the titles below, or look at the full collection of recent articles online here.No, me and these never walked together
from French Montana (Ft. Action Bronson) – Mean Lyrics on Genius
Meaning
The word that is edited out is “bitches”, whom Bronson does mess with. He is speaking of the male version of bitches, not the female, whom he most certainly messes with:
To help improve the quality of the lyrics, visit French Montana (Ft. Action Bronson) – Mean Lyrics and leave a suggestion at the bottom of the pageRemember a couple of years ago when all three girls went to camp?
No?
Well, allow me to catch you up.
Two years ago, all three girls went to Girl Scout camp (four if you count my fourth daughter, Sadie) at the same time ( woot-woot!! to 5 days without kids!!) and this particular camp ended up having an issue with their wells that caused the camp to be without potable water for 2 days. (If you don’t camp, potable water is water that is safe to drink, cook with and bathe in) We knew about the problem because the camp, of course, emailed us to tell us about the issue and what they were doing to rectify it.
Communication with the girls, however, was only by snail mail. The day we were (literally) going to pick them up, we got this card in the mail from Mackenzie:
While I’m happy to say that we IMMEDIATELY went to retrieve her from her destined journey to the bowels of hell, needless to say, she’s never gone to camp again. No amount of bribing could get that kid to go back to camp and I’m okay with that.
Luckily, the others have continued to go (luckily) and we haven’t received any other SOS notes from camp.
Until this year. This is the letter we get from Cassie –
“Dear Mom We have a ant problem Can’t talk now bye <3’s Cassie Daukas”
Once I got them back safe in my arms, I found out that the ant problem was so severe that they couldn’t even have FOB (feet on bed) time during the day.
The HORROR!!!
I’m happy to report that both girls returned home with nary an ant bite on them and they’re anxious to return back to camp next summer.
Ants and all.
Happy to be linking up with my girls Greta and Sarah for their #iPPP link up! And yes.. all three of these photos were on my iPhone at one point or another!
20 CommentsLEAVE A COMMENT
The Dose of Reality
Aug 9, 2013
OMG…this is the funniest thing EVER!! I think my favorite part was “(I hate lakes FYI)”. Lawd, I cannot stop laughing. And the one from Cassie this year—so cute!!
Bobby goes to camp for a month each summer and once he sent me A BLANK LETTER. The counselors force them to send at least one letter home a week. He didn’t feel like writing, so he just left it blank, addressed and stamped and envelope, and he had technically fulfilled his duty. I was less amused. –Lisa
Jasbir @jasbeeray
Aug 9, 2013
OmG. What a way to spend time at a camp. My.worst horror at a campsite was coming face to face with a rat! I packed my bags and.left the.same night. Didn’t want to spend another night there with my girls.
Jasbir @jasbeeray recently posted..Adults are complicated
Kristen Daukas
Aug 12, 2013
Uhm.. yeah… I would have done exactly the same thing.
Leah Davidson
Aug 8, 2013
I love those notes! The drama!! I’m so glad that they went back and had a great time. Goes to show how sometimes things don’t work out that great, but if you give it another shot, it can be wonderful!
Leah Davidson recently posted..Pour Your Heart Out: The Worst and Best Day of My Life
Kristen Daukas
Aug 8, 2013
Always, always give something a second try right? And yes.. I can’t wait to share these with my grands many days from now 😉
Kristen Daukas recently posted..Letters From Camp: 2013 – #iPPP
Greta
Aug 8, 2013
Ha!! “I hate lakes, FYI” This whole post cracks me up. I’m so glad a couple of your girls were brave enough to go back!
Greta recently posted..I’m Not Ready #iPPP
Kristen Daukas
Aug 8, 2013
That “fyi” is so her… it’s like she’s in a rant and then needs to throw an extra tidbit in just in case!
Kristen Daukas recently posted..Letters From Camp: 2013 – #iPPP
Tamara
Aug 8, 2013
These are amazing! Are they exaggerated or was the water problem severe enough for dehydration? I love this. I’m totally paranoid to send my kids to camp because of my own letters like the one above, and because my husband had a bad camp experience. Needless to say, we will still do it. We will get over our own fears. Western Mass has some amazing camps, if you like seeing moose and bears wander through the site. (I do, most don’t)
Tamara recently posted..Feeling The August Things.
Kristen Daukas
Aug 8, 2013
Of course it’s an exaggeration.. she was 13.. that’s the only speak they know 😉 She’s just a bit of a priss who’s not a big fan of port-a-potties and inconvenience. Although I am with her on the lake thing.. if I can’t see my toes, I’m outta there.
sarah reinhart
Aug 8, 2013
OMG. I think I would be sending out SOS letters too. No water? And they forced her in the lake 😉 Can’t really blame her for not going back. But, those letters are kinda cute keepsakes. xx
Kristen Daukas
Aug 8, 2013
Well they had water, just not flip on the spigot and “thar she blows” kind of water. For ONE day they had to use porta potties and they brought in hundreds of gallons of water. They just had to “bathe” in the lake 😉
Amber
Aug 8, 2013
Awwwwwwww!!!!
Amber recently posted..BlogHer NaBloPoMo- August 7th
Arminda
Aug 8, 2013
hahaha!!! Mackenzie’s letter is priceless!
Arminda recently posted..Cover: Stars (from Les Miserables) featuring Lindsay Thurman
Kristen Daukas
Aug 8, 2013
It was hysterical. But we were able to tell her that “we came RIGHT away”!!
Michelle
Aug 8, 2013
Love those letters! I am sure that would have been the end of camp for me. My parents saved a letter I wrote from girl scout camp about how the bathroom was a hole in a hole. I think I meant hole in the ground…we had an outhouse? I think my daughter would have written a letter every day should she have had to deal with the horror of that! Hahaha
Michelle recently posted..Lasting Friendships from the Soccer Field…Time Will Tell
Kristen Daukas
Aug 8, 2013
Michelle you have to find that letter!! Would that not be priceless!! These are the ones that I save forever, for sure!
Ilene
Aug 8, 2013
Oh, those letters are precious! And I am glad they were able to go back to camp without the ants!
Ilene recently posted..Something Has to Give
Kristen Daukas
Aug 8, 2013
They younger two love it and the middle will eventually be a counselor, I just know it.
Kerstin @ Auer Life
Aug 8, 2013
What troopers! The ant thing would have been the end of it for me.
I have to admit that I’m not exactly the roughing-it type of girl. I love camping – in my motorhome
Kerstin @ Auer Life recently posted..Summertime
Kristen Daukas
Aug 8, 2013
They are troopers.. amazing what doesn’t bother you if you don’t let it. I would be miserable at my age doing that I think.Maybe the Newport Beach Breakers and staff will sing, "She's so pretty," when Maria Sharapova walks through the Newport Beach Country Club this summer.
Regardless if they mimic a Nike commercial or not, they'll assuredly be smiling as Sharapova will join the Breakers for one date: July 16. That's when the world's No. 2-ranked player will be with the Breakers when they go up against the Kansas City Explorers, it was announced Wednesday.
Sharapova, who won Wimbledon in 2004, played for the Breakers 2003-05.
"We are proud to welcome Maria Sharapova back with the Breakers and we are happy to provide our Southern California tennis fans with the opportunity to support one of the preeminent players in women's tennis," Jeff Purser, the Breakers' executive director, said in a press release.To protect the wiki against automated account creation, we kindly ask you to answer the question that appears below (more info):
What is the first digit of the number four hundred fifty-seven million three hundred seventy-one thousand nine hundred forty-one?
Real name is optional.
If provided, it may be used to give you attribution for your work.
edits
pages
recent contributorsFrom the Wikipedia page on Sarah Cloyce:
Sarah Cloyce (née Towne) was the sister of Rebecca Nurse and Mary Easty. She was accused of witchcraft but never indicted by a grand jury in the Salem Witch Trials.
In fiction
In the short story entitled Young Goodman Brown by Nathaniel Hawthorne which is a social criticism of Puritan culture, a character named Goody Cloyse addresses the devil, confessing to practicing witchcraft. It is a shock to the protagonist as she taught him his catechism in youth. She makes a reference to "...that unhanged witch, Goody Cory..." {Hawthorne 3], a very possible reference to Martha Corey. [2]
References
1. Timeline of the Salem Witch Trials
2. "Young Goodman Brown" by Nathaniel Hawthorne
Categories: Salem witch trials
--------------------
Sarah Towne - born circa 1642, in Salem, MA. She married (1) Edmund Bridges (2) Peter Cloyes. Sarah Cloyes was accused of witchcraft, in 1692 [at age 53], and put into prison, and later released. She pressed charges for her unlawful arrest and the killing of her sisters. She received three gold sovereigns for each of them. The movie, "Three Sovereigns For Sister Sarah" is about this event. Her daughter was Hepzibah Cloyce, married Ebenezer Harrington.
-------------------- Sarah was never brought to trial when the Colonial Courts recognized their grave error in the execution of innocent people. Her story was documented by the Mobil Oil Co. Production of "Three Sovereigns For Sarah," starring Vanessa Redgrave as Sarah Cloyes. The movie was made in 1985 and is available on DVD.You know he drill. It’s 5:30. Or 6pm. Your kids are starting to melt, and so are you. What do you feed them? You have NO inspiration or motivation. All you need is one idea, a simple, fast, tasty meal idea with most of the ingredients present in your kitchen.
Oh, how hard that is some nights!
The new cookbook (and baby food book) Parents Need to Eat Too by Debbie Koenig is here to help. Just listen to the subtitle: Nap-Friendly Recipes, One-Handed Meals, and Time-Saving Kitchen Tricks for New Parents.
Where do I even begin. This is not only a cookbook, but a baby food making book, a guide for healthy living and caring for yourself as a parent, a breastfeeding guide and a cooking methods book. I kid you not.
Brilliant chapters include: The New Mom’s Pantry; Nap-Friendly Cooking; Quick Suppers; Mom’s New Best Friend: The Slow Cooker; Big Batch Bonanza; One Handed Meals; Lunchtime Pumping and Last-Minute Dinners: A Chapter for WOHMS; Un-Recipes for Partners Who Can’t Cook; Galacta-whats? Recipes to Support Breastfeeding; Nutritious Nibbles; Easy Indulgences; and a rockin’ appendix loaded with resources.
See what I mean? Seriously comprehensive and encompassing of mama-dom.
I am so impressed by the creativity and compassion the author shows for creating one handed meals for mamas. I remember being “stuck” hungry and thirsty, but not wanting to move and disturb a just settling in baby. That desperate feeling of– who will get MY food or drink??
The recipes are all simple to follow, easy to make, mama reviewed (love that!) and each describes how you can turn the ingredients (if possible) into baby food. There are loads of tips about how to cook in big batches, freeze and thaw foods. Sprinkled throughout the text are “crib notes” with a summary of important tips for those of us with the attention span of a fly– which is most of the new parents out there.
I am particularly excited to try some one handed meals even though I am not nursing– they sound so dang tasty. Here’s a few on my short list: Curried Kale and Apple Empanadas, Potato and Mushroom Pie-Rogies, and the Vegetarian Tamale Pie. See what I mean? Don’t those sound amazing?
The text is peppered with tips from moms, experts, and the author– such totally helpful stuff, too much to even relate. Like this section on Skipping Meals (which I STILL do) and how to avoid it– it’s loaded with real advice from real people.
I could actually kiss the author for honoring mamas so wholeheartedly in this book. Truly. A section all about pumping, and how to eat your lunch while doing it? Add to it support for breastfeeding, baby food making, how to cook for even the most challenged among us? Well, my love for Debbie Koenig is a little embarrassing.
This book would be one of the most helpful gifts you could give to your new mama friends. Or, your veteran mama friends. This book is a goldmine of healthy, quick, and tasty recipes and resources for any parents.
Tonight I made pesto quesadillas from this book— so tasty. Truly, all I needed was the inspiration and I didn’t need a recipe. Love that!
Thanks Debbie for helping mamas everywhere feed and care for themselves and their families.
**FCC guidelines: I did receive a review copy of this book. My opinions are independent and based on my own experiences and those of my chef assistants, 4 and 6 year old girls).
[…] recipe from my new favorite book: Parents Need to Eat Too by Debbie Koenig. I reviewed it here a few weeks ago. I loaded these pinwheels with pureed cauliflower and broccoli, and the kids chowed them down with […]Printable Schedule in PDF Format
WORCESTER, Mass. – Holy Cross athletic director Richard M. Regan, Jr. and head women's basketball coach Bill Gibbons have announced the Crusaders' schedule for the 2013-2014 season, which will begin on Nov. 8. The schedule features three teams who qualified for last year's NCAA Tournament and six teams who won 20 or more games a season ago. The slate will also include 15 regular season home games at the Hart Center.
The Crusaders begin the campaign at home on Nov. 8 versus Dartmouth, before they hit the road to face UMass Lowell on Nov. 16. Holy Cross will then host two home contests versus Bryant (Nov. 23) and Massachusetts (Nov. 26), followed by a road matchup at Manhattan (Dec. 1). The Crusaders continue non-conference play with a trio of home matchups against Northeastern (Dec. 4), Fordham (Dec. 7) and Quinnipiac (Dec. 18). The game versus Quinnipiac will be the Crusaders' annual Worcester Public Schools "Get Fit with the Crusaders" game, starting at 11:30 a.m.
After it travels to Boston College on Dec. 21, Holy Cross will compete in the Cyclone Classic, hosted by Iowa State on Dec. 28-29. On Dec. 28th, the Crusaders will take on the host Cyclones, while they could play either Saint Louis or William & Mary on Dec. 29 to wrap up the non-conference slate.
"We play a lot of our non-conference games in the friendly confines of the Hart Center against some quality opponents," Gibbons said. "The Cyclone Classic will be a tremendous challenge in a great atmosphere, with their attendance perennially in the top five nationally. Our third annual 'Get Fit with the Crusaders' game the week before Christmas will be exciting, as we welcome defending NEC Champion, Quinnipiac, for a morning contest. All of these games should prepare us for a tough, competitive Patriot League, which has many returning all-conference players and also two excellent programs joining the league."
Holy Cross opens Patriot League play at home versus Boston University (Jan. 2), before it plays a pair of road contests at American (Jan. 5) and Colgate (Jan. 8). The Crusaders then play host to Bucknell (Jan. 11) and Army (Jan. 15), followed by a road contest at Lehigh (Jan. 18). Holy Cross will return to Worcester on Jan. 22 to take on Lafayette, followed by a rematch of the last two Patriot League Championship games with Navy on Jan. 25 at home. The Crusaders wrap up the month of January with a road contest at Loyola (Md.) on the 29th.
The Patriot League schedule continues with two home contests versus American (Feb. 1) and Colgate (Feb. 5), followed by a pair of road games at Bucknell (Feb. 8) and Army (Feb. 12). The Crusaders return home to take on Lehigh (Feb. 15), before they go back on the road to play at Lafayette (Feb. 19) and Navy (Feb. 22). After Holy Cross hosts Loyola on Feb. 26, it will wrap up the 2013-2014 season on the road at Boston University on March 1.
The Crusaders return four starters and 11 letterwinners from their 2012-2013 team, which went 18-14 overall and 8-6 in the Patriot League. The team has appeared in the Patriot League Championship game in back-to-back seasons and an unprecedented 17 championship game appearances in the 23 year history of the Patriot League. The Crusaders have won 11 of those championships.
Get all the latest news and results on the Holy Cross women's basketball<<Friends, Welcome Email configurations are blank
New WP+BP install. When I turn on either of these options, instead of displaying the list of Members I get a blank table. I’ve used the plugin before, so I know what to expect. Any suggestions on what may be causing this?
Thank you
Viewing 2 replies - 1 through 2 (of 2 total)
Viewing 2 replies - 1 through 2 (of 2 total)
- The topic ‘Friends, Welcome Email configurations are blank’ is closed to new replies.MP3 Players in the Year 2000 Were Not So Good (But We Still Loved Them) Jason Chen and 123 othersEditDelete InviteInvite manuallyPromoteXDismissXUndismissBlock for gizmodoHidePublishers Open Fire on European Pirates
17 Jan, 2012
Gamefront reports that several large, international publishers have been sending out letters to alleged European pirates, ordering them to pay sums of up to 800 Euro (approximately $1000) for every illegally obtained copy of their video games. Publishers that have been sending out these letters supposedly include Codemasters, Square Enix, Atari, and Ubisoft. According to additional information provided by TorrentFreak, these publishers are tracking down users based on IP addresses. No official statement regarding these letters has been made by the publishers.
Polish developer / publisher CD Projekt recently launched a similar attack on European pirates of The Witcher II, though it called these plans off after the company began facing strong opposition from the PC-gaming community.
About the author
Related Posts
'Assassin's Creed Unity' Update Unlocks Mobile Content
Square Enix Seeks Pitches For Old IP Including 'Gex'
'Assassin's Creed' Film Officially Begins Production
'Assassin's Creed Rogue' Hits PC In March
Ubisoft Reinstating Fraudulent 'Far Cry 4' Keys
'Far Cry 4' DLC Coming In January
'AC Unity' Patch Delayed As Paris Map Is 'Refurbished'
Microsoft Publishing 'Rise of the Tomb Raider' On Xbox
Next 'Assassin's Creed' Set In Victorian England
Ubisoft Confident In Smooth Launch For 'The Crew'I was struggling with acne at the end of last year, which is rare for me. I have sensitive skin, and I thought I was breaking out because of some hormonal reason. I made some changes in my life, and I solved my acne problem. My skin is now completely clear just like it used to be.
If you feel you’ve tried everything and have mild acne, you may also have sensitive skin and might be doing the following:
1. Not Cleansing Properly
- Whatever the method you use (wipes, oils, cleanser), you should always finish with a rinse of warm water. This gets rid of the residue left on your face. As much as beauty companies like to claim you can leave their cleanser on without rinsing, think about this — does it make sense to leave something on your face that was designed to dissolve or take away product?
- Try switching to natural. I was using Origins Check & Balances and paying out the nose. I switched to Avalon Organics, which doesn’t freak my skin out. I also use jojoba oil to take make-up off after considering how harsh chemical make-up removers can be.
2. Using Harsh Chemicals On Skin
- Going off from my last point — look at the ingredients of everything you put on your face in one day. I’m not joking! Turn the bottles around and read. If you have sensitive skin, what you read may surprise you. Alcohol and fragrance should not be going near your face.
- Try to switch to natural products. Instead of toner, use witch hazel. Instead of blemish treatment, use tea tree oil. Instead of moisturizer or make-up remover, use jojoba oil. (Any natural oil will work.)
3. Using Too Many Products
- The more products you slather on, the more your skin is adjusting to the chemicals within those products.
- The more products you use, the greater the chance of irritation.
- Find a set cleanser, toner, and moisturizer and stick to it. If you can, make them completely natural!
4. Eating a Bad Diet
- The more you eat sugar, processed foods, and unrefined carbs (which turn into sugar), you are more likely to have your skin tell you something is wrong.
- If you’re not eating enough fruits and vegetables, you’re probably contributing not only to acne but a variety of health issues.
5. Not Drinking Enough Water
- If you aren’t drinking water, make it a habit to drink a full glass first thing in the morning (before your coffee) and right before bed. This alone will jump start your way to drinking more water and preventing dry, acne-prone skin.
- Drinking more water also gives your skin that glowing effect. Squeeze those glasses of water in!
6. Giving in to Stress
- Stressing out will certainly break you out. (It’s not a coincidence that your skin is a mess when the rest of your life is.)
- Pinpoint the areas of stress in your life and do something about it. Can it be removed? Can it be changed?
- If you can’t remove the stress (think final exams and work related woes), add more zen to your life. Bring on the bubble baths, candles, and a good book! Most importantly, dont’ stress about the acne. You won’t have it forever. 
Managing the Hard Keeper
April 29, 2007
Horses lose weight for a variety of reasons--some medical, some man-made. Learn why your horse might be underweight and what you can do about it.
Have your veterinarian perform a complete physical examination to rule-out medical diseases, 
Joint Supplements: What's Hip and What's Hype?
November 06, 2006
The following is a summary of Dr. Gray's presentation on selecting joint supplements, part of the SmartPak GetSmart series.
Horses can experience improved joint health with appropriate supplementation whether they are old or young, in  Title: Type of Resource (Dimension table below summarizes various ways of characterizing types of digital resources. This is the fourth dimension of the DigCCurr Matrix. The categories are neither mutually exclusive nor exhaustive. They are intended to highlight "differences that make a difference" for digital curation professional education, e.g.
[1] IFLA Study Group on the Functional Requirements for Bibliographic Records. Functional Requirements for Bibliographic Records: Final Report. Edited by Marie-France Plassard. Vol. 19. München: Saur, 1998.
[2] Yates, JoAnne, and Wanda Orlikowski. "Genres of Organizational Communication: A Structurational Approach to Studying Communication and Media." Academy of Management Review 17, no. 2 (1992): 299-326.What is a PG Thread?
Well MGR, Bayo, Superhero game,Vanquish and Anarchy Reigns all in one!
Why?
box says it makes sense as these games aren't as popular as... sigh Street Fighter to get any love alone. (maybe cept MGR and Bayo but fuck it)
So all Plat games discussion can NOW be had here. Or not. JDK 8 see jsr 335 edr, though much simplified, since there is no type declarations in EL.
Grammar:
Lambda := LambdaParameters '->' Expression LambdaParameters := identifier | '(' Parmeters ')' Paramters := (identifier (',' identifier)*)?
Example:
()-> No parameter, void result ()->42 No parameter (x) -> x+1 One parameter x -> x+1 Parenthesis optional for one parameter (x,y) -> x+y Two parameters
fn = x -> x+1
fn(100) yields 101 ((x, y) -> x+y)(3,4) yields 7 Note the use of parenthesis to disambiguate
employees.where(p->p.name.first == 'Larry')Essay Fiesta is pleased to partner with 826CHI.
The non-profit organization is dedicated to supporting students ages 6 to 18 with their creative and expository writing skills and to helping teachers inspire their students to write.
826CHI offers a variety of programming, including after-school tutoring and writing assistance, field trips, in-school mentoring, publishing and creative workshops.
Stop by The Boring Store, 826CHI’s retail storefront to purchase spy equipment and original works by Chicago’s very own youth. Or use your writing knowledge for the powers of good, and volunteer your time.
Can’t find 826CHI? Problem solved!
Pingback: Essay Fiesta is Tonight! « Essay Fiesta
Pingback: Alyson and Keith Take Over the World « Essay Fiesta
Pingback: Essay Fiesta Seeks Corporate Donations « Essay Fiesta
Pingback: Lit Missives 01/20-01/27 | Books on the MakeSilent Dj (@SilentDJ) Sleeper Of The Week: Rich Homie Quan (@RichHomieQuan) -Glasses Off
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
SoundCloud: Rich Homie Quan-Glasses Off
Its Monday once again and that means its that its time for Silent Dj Sleeper Of The Week. This week pick is Glasses Off by Rich Homie Quan produced by Sky Planet. Once Again don’t forget hit up Silent Dj on Global14 for more $ilent Dj sleepers.drLiz Whieldon Date: 06/08/2008
- Overall verdict4 out of 5 stars
- What's it like to drive5 out of 5 stars
- Running costs1 out of 5 stars
- Quality, practicality and equipment3 out of 5 stars
My car
My KA was a 03/03 Collection, with just 12,000 miles when i bought it from in November 2007. I loved this little KA, so nippy to drive, easy to park, comfortable for the 2 in the front, & with enough room for 4 for the occasional time I required it. Unfortunately the problems started the day after I bought it. The temperature light started to come on on the dash for no reason, then the battery light started to do the same. The dealer insisted there was nothing wrong with the car that a 'good run' wouldn't fix. To cut a very long story short, after a very frightening breakdown on the M5, the problem turned out to be corrosion of the Powertrain Control Module where it connects to the wiring loom, due to water ingress. Repair cost 1,800 +. Also catalytic converter probably damaged due to fault, another 700+. I was unpleasantly surprised at the cost of these repairs. Six months of badgering the dealership, not being able to use the car, & the stress of preparing for a court case, at the 11th hour dealer agreed to have the car back. That day it was on their website for sale!!!. So, if you're buying a pale green metallic, Ford KA with just over 14,000 miles on the clock - BEWARE - check that the PCM, wiring loom & catalytic converter are all OK. Would have loved another KA, but can't take the risk of going through this nightmare again.Restaurant Review: New Menu at Dome
By Lisabelle Gonsalves, Team iDiva | posted Mar 26th 2012 at 1:02PM
What's hot:
The Nuvo rare liqueur and the melt-in-your-mouth Seared Garota Bay Scallops.
What's not:
The Chicken Sliders were too ordinary to be on the menu of such a chic lounge.
iDiva verdict:
If you don't mind splurging a little to make an evening with your partner extra special, Dome is the place to be.
EDITOR'S RATING:
Image courtesy: InterContinental, Marine Drive
Where: InterContinental, Marine Drive
Price for two: Rs.5000 approx.
I am quite a fan of the InterContinental's Corleone restaurant, but had never been to Dome before. So when I heard about the latter's new menu, I thought it was the perfect time to visit.
Our timing was perfect because as we entered (a little after 6:30pm) we were able to witness a breathtaking sunset from the roof-top restaurant at Marine Drive. All I could think was that the white lounge-style seating, live trumpeter playing in the background and the gorgeous view, made Dome the perfect place for a date!
We were led to our table and handed the menu. After a quick look at the new items, we ordered our drinks - K1 Garden and Ciroc Ginger Beer. Sipping on the cocktails only made us want to try out some of the delectable appetisers on the menu too. So our waiter recommended the Chicken Sliders and Chicken Cigars. While the Chicken Cigars were tasty enough, I just think they could have done so much better with the sliders (mini chicken burgers). But then again, with a perfect ambience, you tend to focus less on the food and more on the experience.
As our glasses were getting drained, an attentive waiter recommended a rare liqueur called Nuvo - on the rocks! I loved the fruity flavours in this drink and have to say it's a must-try on Dome's cocktail menu.
To go with the wonderful drink, we decided to order some seafood from the menu, and so the Seared Garota Bay Scallops and Beer Battered Cambodian Bassa sounded tempting. A little while later, our order arrived and as I popped one of the scallops in my mouth, I felt like I was in food paradise. Apart from being cooked to perfection, the fish was so wonderfully flavoured... *mouth waters*. The deep fried bassa was also really delicious and a welcome contrast to the seared scallops.
All in all, I had a delightful experience at Dome and recommend it if you don't mind splurging a little to make an evening with your partner extra special!
>By Karen Johnson
Canada’s economic momentum had more gusto than expected in November, but that doesn’t mean its gross domestic product growth will outpace the forecast laid out in the Bank of Canada’s recently downgraded projections.
In a sign of the tough economic times in Canada, analysts were actually encouraged by November’s 0.3% growth rate for GDP, the broadest measure of goods and services produced in an economy. The consensus estimate was 0.2%.
The monthly GDP report showed at least that the Canadian economy regained some essential momentum, after three straight months of lackluster growth. And the sources of growth were reassuringly strong, with big increases in oil and gas extraction, mining, manufacturing and wholesale and retail trade.
Some analysts said they now see the economy expanding as much as 1.3% on an annualized rate for the entire fourth quarter, while others said growth could still be as slow as 0.7%. The Bank of Canada projects 1%.
Jimmy Jean, economic strategist at Desjardins Capital Markets, called the report “a breath of fresh air.”The Chimney Rock Inn
No availability found through our partners. Please contact the business directly or check some of our recommended alternatives.
- " src="" alt="Days Inn Hendersonville" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Fox Run Resort" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Fairways of the Mountains" class="accom_photo">
How has this inn rated in the past?
Location
Photos of The Chimney Rock Inn
Travelers also recommend:
-
-
- More recommendations
TripAdvisor Reviews The Chimney Rock Inn
Travel Blogs from Chimney Rock, ...
Day 26 - Chimney Rock
... is know at the Smoky Mountains and our destination was Chimney Rock which promised some great views. As it was a clear sunny day we could expect to see five miles east and I began to feel quite excited as the car climbed the narrow winding road on the mountain side. Eventually we arrived at a car park high up and the rest of the way is on foot but we didn't need mountain climbing gear cos the clever miners (way back ...
Chimney Rock - Blue Ridge Parkway
... road we drove down to get here and in close proximity (hence leaving no space for any lake). I just figured there must be a bend in the road away from the track at some point. I was wrong.
We ended up taking a well trodden path away from the track toward the road where across the road was a nice lake that we could have just driven to should we have decided to go past the Boone Fork Trail turn in. Ah well, back to the car and onward we went, to ...So Fortune Magazine rejected this Fortune 500 commissioned cover by Chris Ware (left) in favour of a design by Daniel Pelavin (right). But why? Well, if you haven’t got binoculars, let’s have a look a ten of them.
10. Criticise Alan Greenspan All You Like But Not In A Potentially-Homosexual Fashion
9. Thirteen People Have Just Been Arrested In A Floridan Condo Mortgage Scam, This Would Just Be Mean.
8. This Is Just Fearmongering, Katrina Was A One Off And It Had Nothing To Do With America
7. Shouldn’t That be Spelled “Dessert”?
6. Oh Come On, Anyway Obama Will Be Closing Down Gitmo Any Day Now.
5. This Is A Very Simplistic View of The Financial Situation And in Any Case the Helicopters We Use Are Yellow.
4. We Don’t Understand, Is This A Symbolic Pressure Cookered Republican Party Here? Surely You Voted For Obama.
3. Look We Pay A Living Wage To Mexicans And We Hardly Ever Shoot Them.
1. We Are Not Celebrating On The Roof While Rome Burns Below Us. For A Start We Have Had To Cut Skyscraper Rooftop Parties Down To Just Four A Week Due To Cuts.
- May 13, 2015Six Suppliers Boosted by iPhone, GS6 SalesBarron's Online
- May 7, 2015Qorvo Surges 9% on China, Apple Prospects; OpCo, B. Riley Prefer SWKS, AVGOBarrons Blogs
- May 5, 2015Qorvo: Low Expectations a Good Setup into FYQ4 Report, Says Pac CrestBarrons Blogs
- May 1, 2015Skyworks Rising: Targets, Estimates Rise on Apple-Samsung AppealBarrons Blogs
- Apr 30, 2015Skyworks Rising: Q2 Beats, Q3 View Tops ConsensusBarrons Blogs
- Apr 11, 2015Intel, Seagate Could Rise on Awful Earnings NewsBarron's Online
- Mar 27, 2015Dollar Woes Hit Chip Makers; Atmel, Skyworks Will PrevailBarron's Online
- Mar 27, 2015Smartphones: Citi Cuts Estimates but Rosenblatt Sees No Big WorryBarrons Blogs
- Mar 26, 2015Chip Implosion: After Rising Stock Multiples, Analysts See a ReckoningBarrons Blogs
- Mar 25, 2015Chip Implosion: Qorvo, Skyworks, Lam Drop Sharply; Demand Set to ‘Waver’?Barrons Blogs
- Mar 24, 2015Skyworks, Avago, Qualcomm Ride China’s LTE Trend, XLNX, ALTR Less So, Say AnalystsBarrons Blogs
- Mar 16, 2015Skyworks, Avago, Qorvo: Buy Them All as LTE Increases, Says DavidsonBarrons Blogs
- Mar 16, 2015American Airlines to Land in the S&P 500Barrons Blogs
- Mar 16, 2015Chip Stocks’ Surge Has Further to RunBarron's Online
- Mar 10, 2015Skyworks to Join S&P 500Barrons Blogs
- Mar 10, 2015Five Picks to Offset Samsung Galaxy WeaknessBarron's Online
- Mar 2, 2015New China Licenses Boost Five Mobile StocksBarron's Online
- Feb 26, 2015Samsung Galaxy S6: What To Expect At Mobile World Congress?Barrons Blogs
- Jan 27, 2015Two Semiconductor Picks in an Overbought MarketBarron's Online
- Jan 23, 2015Tech Today: Box Soars, GPRO Jumps, Apple Suppliers Shine, BlackBerry Bid ResurfacesBarrons Blogs
- May 22, 2015 5:00 a.m. ET10 companies with the biggest earnings surprisesMarketWatch.com
- May 21, 2015 4:28 p.m. ETCorrections & AmplificationsThe Wall Street Journal
- May 21, 2015 1:50 p.m. ETCorrections & AmplificationsThe Wall Street Journal
- May 21, 2015Chinese University Denies Any Involvement in ‘Economic Espionage’ The Wall Street Journal
- May 21, 2015Economic Espionage Charges Could Further Dent China-U.S. TiesThe Wall Street Journal
- May 19, 2015U.S. Charges Six Chinese Citizens With Economic EspionageWSJ Blogs
- May 19, 2015U.S. charges six Chinese citizens with economic espionageMarketWatch.com
- May 6, 201510 companies with the fastest increases in sales per shareMarketWatch.com
- Apr 29, 2015Worried about a correction? Consider Apple and other tech stocksMarketWatch.com
- Apr 27, 2015Apple earnings extend Monday gains after hoursMarketWatch.com
- Apr 22, 201510 momentum stocks for a late-stage bull marketMarketWatch.com
- Apr 6, 2015PNC Large Cap Growth Takes Top Honors in Winners’ Circle Fund ContestThe Wall Street Journal
- Mar 27, 2015These are the top-performing S&P 500 stocks of 2015MarketWatch.com
- Mar 26, 2015Restoration Hardware shares fall on outlookMarketWatch.com
- Mar 25, 2015Red Hat rallies after hours on better-than-expected resultsMarketWatch.com
- Mar 24, 2015Some technology companies still boast double-digit profit growthMarketWatch.com
- Mar 10, 201512 bubble survivors to buy nowMarketWatch.com
- Mar 10, 2015Stocks to Watch: Apple, Alibaba, Barnes & NobleWSJ Blogs
- Mar 9, 2015Skyworks Solutions to Join S&P 500 IndexThe Wall Street Journal
- Mar 2, 2015Nasdaq Math: 5000 Doesn’t Equal 2000The Wall Street Journal
- May 21, 2015Chinese University Denies Any Involvement in 'Economic Espionage'Dow Jones Newswires
- May 20, 2015Economic Espionage Charges Could Further Dent China-U.S. TiesDow Jones Newswires
- May 20, 2015Skyworks Introduces Ceramic-based Filters for High Frequency ApplicationsPR Newswires
- May 20, 2015U.S. Charges Six Chinese Citizens With Economic EspionageDow Jones Newswires
- May 20, 2015Skyworks Unveils Next Generation Solutions for Smart Energy and ISM MarketsPR Newswires
- May 20, 2015Critical Alerts For Seadrill, Skyworks Solutions, Ann Taylor Stores, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and Dow Chemical Released By InvestorsObserverPR Newswires
- May 20, 2015Skyworks Launches Family of Groundbreaking Switches for Internet of ThingsPR Newswires
- May 11, 2015Technical Analysis on Semiconductors Equities -- Marvell Technology, Skyworks Solutions, Xilinx, Maxim Integrated Products, and QorvoPR Newswires
- May 4, 2015Critical Alerts For American Airlines, Nektar Therapeutics, Ocwen Financial, Skyworks Solutions and Chevron Released By InvestorsObserverPR Newswires
- Apr 30, 2015Skyworks Exceeds Q2 FY15 Revenue and EPS GuidancePR Newswires
- Apr 23, 2015Critical Alerts For Skyworks Solutions, St. Jude Medical, Weibo, ASML and Vitamin Shoppe Released By InvestorsObserverPR Newswires
- Apr 22, 2015Skyworks Reduces Hazardous Materials and Increases Energy EfficiencyPR Newswires
- Apr 9, 2015Skyworks Sets Date for Second Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Release and Conference CallPR Newswires
- Apr 7, 2015Critical Alerts For Juno Therapeutics Inc, Skyworks Solutions, CyberArk Software, Big Lots and Kinder Morgan Released By InvestorsObserverPR Newswires
- Apr 2, 2015Semiconductors Technical Review -- Marvell Technology, Broadcom, Skyworks Solutions, Xilinx, and AmbarellaPR Newswires
- Mar 17, 2015Critical Alerts For Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Kandi Technologies, Skyworks Solutions Released By InvestorsObserverPR Newswires
- Mar 10, 2015U.S. Hot Stocks: Hot Stocks to WatchDow Jones Newswires
- Mar 9, 2015Chip Maker Skyworks Solutions to Join S&P 500Dow Jones Newswires
- Mar 9, 2015Skyworks Solutions Set to Join the S&P 500; Maximus to Join the S&P MidCap 400; Republic Airways to Join the S&P SmallCap 600PR Newswires
- Mar 4, 2015Skyworks Ramps SkyOne(R) Mini for LTE SmartphonesPR NewswiresNEW YORK -- Ignored your mutual fund holdings last year?
Too afraid to even look at your battered portfolio?
Don't despair. The arrival of 2001 means you can make a fresh start, financial planners say. Becoming a better fund investor isn't hard to do, and you're sure to reap financial rewards.
What should mutual fund investors resolve to do in the new year? Here's what the experts recommend:
1. Review your investments, said Ralph Scearce, a financial adviser and head of Cambridge Financial in Lexington, Ky.
"Be sure to know what you own," Scearce said. "Spend an hour or so acquainting yourself with your money. It might be hard to replace."
2. Diversify your portfolio, said Jack Piazza, principle of Sensible Investment Strategies, a Wheaton, Ill., investment advisory firm.
"You should have a well diversified portfolio with a blending of funds depending upon your risk tolerance," Piazza said.
First off, determine whether your risk appetite is aggressive, moderate or conservative, Piazza said. This will depend on such goals as when you want to retire or when your children will head to college.
Then, pick your funds. An aggressive investor would put more money in riskier areas like technology and international stocks, Piazza explained. A conservative investor would stick more to safer bond funds.
But all investors should own some of each, Piazza said. And also hold a cross-section of large, medium and small companies. Domestic and international companies. A variety of sectors from defensive funds like those that focus on health care to growth funds like technology.
The idea, Piazza said, is to: "define your objectives, include your risk tolerance, and then create a strategy that is well diversified."
3. Buy and hold, said Patricia Jennerjohn, financial planner and managing principal of Focused Finances in Oakland, Calif. And, remember that buying the current skyrocketing fund is a bad bet.
"Don't chase last year's hot fund," Jennerjohn said. "People need to understand if they buy an equity mutual fund, they better commit to a five-year holding period or they are going to be sorry."
4. Don't worry about what your sister, friend, boss or barber owns. Go your own way and stick to your own plan, Jennerjohn said.
"There's nothing worse than second-guessing yourself and being wrong," Jennerjohn said. "Long-term investing portfolios aren't there for bragging rights. Bragging rights come when you get to retire when you want to. That's when you get to brag."
5. Bring expectations back to earth. Remember that the market and varying sectors - even sizzling technology issues - don't post stellar double digit returns year after year, said Vernon Lee, a financial planner who runs Lee Investment Consulting in Raleigh, N.C.
Investors ought to remind themselves, Lee said, that the 12 percent annual return that the Standard & Poor's 500 index historically has enjoyed is indeed good and that 20 percent or more is hardly sustainable. He, like most financial planners, also espouses diversification.
"Many investors sort of loaded up on the latest and greatest, which was technology and which fell in the spring. It pays not to put all your eggs in one basket," Lee said.
6. Exercise what control you have over your mutual funds' returns, said Scearce, the adviser from Lexington, Ky.
He recommends buying no-load mutual funds, which don't carry sales charges.
Also, look into the recent turnover rate of the stocks within the fund to get an idea of how heavy your end-of-year tax bill will be. If a fund manager frequently sells stocks within the fund, it could mean a steeper capital gains tax bill if the holdings are sold at a profit, not a loss.
7. Convert your traditional mutual fund individual retirement account to a Roth IRA, suggested Jo Anne Paynter, who heads Partnership Financial in Hilliard, Ohio.
The beauty of the Roth is that your nest egg grows tax free. To convert, however, you'll pay taxes now. But because your portfolio took a beating in 2000 - with the Nasdaq ending down 39 percent, the S&P 500 index losing 10 percent and the Dow industrials declining 6 percent - your tax bill won't be as steep.
Paynter said that means, "You can make some lemonade out of those lemons."
The Augusta Chronicle © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | AdvertiseSeabee divers work on underwater training range off Kauai
BU2 Christopher Farmer, assigned to Underwater Construction Team (UCT) 2, installs steel armor around seafloor cable in 100 feet of water at the Pacific Missile Range Facility (PMRF) Barking Sands. Seabee divers from UCT-2's Construction Dive Detachment Bravo spent two months at the PMRF, inspecting, protecting and stabilizing underwater cables.
SW2 Metro Sayre and IT2 Gabriel Puerta, both with Underwater Construction Team (UCT) 2, send split pipe down a project line at the Pacific Missile Range Facility (PMRF) Barking Sands.
CM2 Trevor Buckett of Underwater Construction Team (UCT) 2 inspects and cleans a deep-water buoy at the Pacific Missile Range Facility (PMRF) Barking Sands, the first of three stops across the Pacific during their six-month deployment.
SW2 Metro Sayre, assigned to Underwater Construction Team (UCT) 2, attaches a project line to a cable for a future stabilization point at the Pacific Missile Range Facility (PMRF) Barking Sands.
KAUAI, Hawaii — Diving in the Pacific Ocean off the Pacific Missile Range Facility (PMRF), Seabee divers assigned to Underwater Construction Team 2 (UCT-2) spent two months conducting maintenance and repair on the world’s largest underwater training range.
The project represents both valuable operational experience for UCT-2 and much-needed maintenance to the range.
“PMRF is a valuable training ground,” said Mike Dick, range manager. “The underwater cables allow communication and tracking capabilities with submarines during underwater training exercises.
“We have tried to accomplish this mission with commercial units, but no one has been able to match the quality, efficiency or cost savings provided by the Seabees. They have been invaluable in the maintenance of this range.”
The team put in six-day work weeks correcting damage due to abrasion, corrosion and sand-scouring from winter storms. They inspected cable systems, installed and stabilized protective split pipe and replaced cathodic protection. Their total of 86 dives ranged from 7 to 110 feet with a total bottom time of 216 hours.
“It is a privilege to be able to dive in such clear and warm water,” said Steelworker 1st Class James Kirk. “Usually our diving conditions are dark and cold water.”
The repairs and maintenance ensure that the range will remain operational to support future fleetwide exercises.
Seabee divers are a special breed of the Navy Seabees, possessing both the construction skills of a Seabee and the skills of a deep-sea diver. They come from Naval Construction Battalions, where they hone their individual job skills in the construction field and then spend six months at the Naval Diving Salvage Training Center, learning the application of those skill sets in an underwater environment. This makes them unique within both the Seabee and diver communities.
UCT-2 was able to do some community outreach while at the range, providing an orientation brief to a group of Civil Air Patrol cadets from Worcester, Mass., during a range tour.
The divers explained what Seabee divers do and what equipment they use. The orientation included a look at different types of dive gear, a recompression chamber and support crafts.
The 14-member dive team also volunteered a day’s worth of construction skills at the Kauai Habitat for Humanity.
“I felt honored to have helped provide a positive impact in the Kauai community,” said Chief Hospital Corpsman Timothy Kerr. “It’s nice to get back to ‘old fashioned’ Seabee work sometimes.”
“The PMRF cable project was a great experience,” said Chief Construction Electrician Adam Winters. “It combined world-class diving with blue-collar hard work.”
The next deployment stop for UCT-2 is Timor Leste, where the divers will construct a rubble mound pier and conduct both dive and construction training with the Timorese military.For Butter's Toronto premiere, executive producer Harvey Weinstein served up the soft political satire laced with salt: he invited potential Republican presidential candidate and Minnesota congresswoman Michele Bachmann to help him unveil the film at a gala screening in Iowa.
Although Weinstein was at the premiere, he issued a statement which was read by one of the film's stars, Olivia Wilde, in his place. In the statement, the studio chief said he would like "to formally invite Republican congresswoman from Minnesota and Republican presidential candidate Michele Bachmann to co-host with me the big premiere of 'Butter' in Iowa in a few months from now.
"We could take some math classes in the morning to help balance the budget, brush up on the constitution in the afternoon, play some ping-pong and then maybe some verbal ping-pong on gay rights and women's rights (especially the right to choose)."
A similarly dollopy approach to satire runs through the film itself: a liberal comedy which may or may not attempt to parody the Republican race for top office through the fable of a lard-carving contest in a midwest town. Jennifer Garner is Laura Pickler, the Tea Party-style candidate and a ruthless dragon with an apparently motiveless lust for power and a distaste for what she perceives as the victim vote that's thwarting her: "I'm sorry I was born tall and white and pretty and I haven't sat in front of the TV eating pork rind and soiling myself.", as well as an impossibly sweet 10-year-old African-American girl, Destiny (Yara Shahidi), lately fostered by loving lefties Alicia Silverstone and Rob Corddry. And, in fact, another contender: too broad, but Wilde laps up a role that's more than just eye candy (that her character must make her dramatic exits on a BMX bike is a lovely touch).
Weinstein presumably won't be receiving any reciprocal Tea Party invites anytime soon. He can no doubt feast on the cream of Butter instead. But there's something about this film's churn of goo and grit that lingers ambivalently, difficult to?)March 2000
Secret Places
Joken Records and mastered. There are nine tunes, of which six are composed by Tonooka. The other three numbers are "Tempus Fugit," "'Round Midnight," and "Over the Rainbow." Tonooka's tunes are slow in tempo, thoughtful, with deep currents.
Especially interesting are "Susumu," "Beginning Again," and "Secret Places," the latter a perfect description of where she takes her listeners. The tunes with Reid and Nash are bouncier and "Susumu," in particular, has lots of swing. The only tune that doesn't work on this release is "Tempus Fugit." I admire her bravery in choosing this number but there's probably not a pianist alive who could pull it off and make us forget the original by Bud Powell.
Add a Comment
You need to log in to comment on this article. No account? No problem!Djelloul MarbrookDjelloul (jeh-lool) Marbrook, born in Algiers to a Bedouin father and an American painter grew up New York, served in the US Navy.
His book of poems, Far From Algiers, won the Stan and Tom Wick Poetry Prize from Kent State University. His story, Artists Hill, won the Literal Latte first prize in fiction..
Connect with Del Marbrook in other places:
From Around The WebA lot of you told me how much you loved the house that I featured last week, so I decided to feature another lovely house from Scandinavia this week. In this one, a lot of vintage items and collectibles, but all arranged in a beautiful modern fashion. There are so many lovely little details everywhere in this house that I don’t really know where to start.
For example, I can’t get over the gorgeous floor in the entry way. Someday when I own a house I’d love to paint my entry way with color like they did in this house or also here, here and here. Will I ever dare? The bets are open!
And look, their doggy isn’t left out from this detail fest either: Notice the bunting above his bowls?! That’s what I am talking about when I say attention to details people! Their kitchen is in the end very simple, but bright and inviting.
I love the color palette that they used throughout the house. A lot of details in greens and blues which help give the house this very natural feel. I also spot gorgeous cushions by By Nord – one of my favorite Scandinavian brands.
They also added windows inside the house (a bit like this other house I featured recently), and I’m such a big fan of that. The rooms are connected yet more private than in a regular open floor plan. The light (my friend!) can easily flow from one room to another. And let’s admit it, these windows are just so playful!
I couldn’t feature all of the gorgeous pictures from this beautiful house, so please make sure to go check out the rest of them here.
And with that, I will serve you this lovely classic dessert with a bit of a modern twist: a lime custard with raspberries by Béa from La Tartine Gourmande. You see, today is all about revisiting our classics, and adding the right amount of details – whether at home or in your plate.
This is one of the desserts that will disappear from the plates before you even hand them out – so make sure go check out the recipe on Béa’s blog, La Tartine Gourmande (it’s in English too). And I dare you to visit her blog without licking your lips!
Source: Picture of Scandinavian house by Living Agency. Recipe images by La Tartine Gourmande.
This is my first time on your blog. Wow. So, so many pretty images. The house you featured is so inspiring. Such a great combination of vintage and eclectic things- and the perfect pops of color. Can’t wait to see what you feature next!
Oh ! J’aime, j’adore, c’est trop beau !- 79
Page: 11179
Mr DREYFUS (Isaacs—Cabinet Secretary and Parliamentary Secretary for Climate Change and Energy Efficiency) (10:38): At the start of a debate on a bill like this it is tempting to refer to the way in which the opposition have chosen to approach this difficult policy question, but I am not going to do that, because the two speeches that we heard this morning, from the member for Warringah and the member for Cook, indicate in the clearest possible way that the opposition have in effect dealt themselves out of consideration of the difficult policy that is under consideration with these amendments to the Migration Act. The member for Warringah made this crystal clear at the start of his speech to the House this morning by saying, 'Let us also be in no doubt that this is not so much about offshore processing.' The very purpose of these amendments is to put in place in the Migration Act of the Commonwealth provisions that deal with offshore processing. The member for Warringah portrays the approach of the opposition as one that is purely a continuation of the kind of mad partisanship that we have come to expect from those opposite on just about every policy question, but particularly difficult policy questions like the one that arises here.
I will start by giving a little bit of personal family history. I spoke about the history of my family's arrival in this country when I first spoke in this House. It was to inform the House that issues such as those raised by these amendments to the Migration Act are very close to my heart. My father and my uncle came to this country as people seeking refuge—indeed, as children—when they arrived on my father's 11th birthday, 22 July 1939. They arrived having been sent by their parents who were still in Nazi Germany. My grandparents remained in Germany to try to persuade their parents, regrettably unsuccessfully, to escape from that regime, and my greatgrandparents—those who were still living in 1942—perished in the camps.
My father arrived here and was given refuge, along with his elder brother, in July 1939. They waited anxiously to see whether their parents would arrive and, happily, some months after the Second World War started, my grandparents did arrive in this country and for some years enjoyed a happy life in Australia, as did my late uncle and my father, who is happily still living. So this country has provided great refuge to my family. As that is part of my family history, the issues raised about how Australia is to provide compassion and fulfil its obligations under the refugee convention are dear to my heart.
We entered the refugee convention and we participated closely in the drafting of the refugee convention because Australia, as a compassionate nation, did not want to see a repetition of the horrific events that preceded the Second World War and occurred during the Second World War. People who were fleeing persecution, fleeing torture, fleeing imprisonment, fleeing imminent death at the hands of the regime in their country were denied refuge in different countries across the world.
Just last weekend in the media there was an account given of one of the worst incidents that occurred in that context: the denial of refuge to those onboard the St Louis, a boat that sailed from Germany and unsuccessfully tried to disembark its passengers in Cuba, unsuccessfully tried to disembark its passengers in the United States of America and was forced to return to Europe where the passengers—German Jews fleeing the Nazi regime—disembarked, and within a short time about a third of them perished in the concentration camps. It is to prevent events like that that the refugee convention was brought into existence.
We have continued to wrestle with the refugee convention, not just in the drafting of it but in working through it in all of the years since, right up to this time—for example, in determining how to treat the central obligation of the refugee convention, which is not to return refugees who have arrived. I will read the central consideration.
Then there is a qualification relating to the security of the receiving country. We honour that central obligation. The government of Australia will continue to honour it. It is central to the amendment to the Migration Act of the Commonwealth that we put before this House.
I back the Malaysia arrangement that our government has come to with the government of Malaysia. More broadly, I support regional arrangements because, for those seeking asylum and those in need of refuge, regional arrangements offer, and indeed secure, a better future for a greater number. We cannot pretend that there is not a large problem in the world. There are not merely thousands or hundreds of thousands but millions of displaced people around the world who are seeking refuge from persecution, and Australia has always played its part in seeking to provide refuge and to resolve the problem. That is why we are signatories to the refugee convention, that is why Australia presently takes over 13,000 refugees on an annual basis and that is why we will continue to seek to increase this number. One of the best aspects of this Malaysia arrangement is that it will see Australia increasing the number of refugees it takes by 1,000 people each year. That indicates the compassion which our government is seeking to bring to the resolution of this problem. By contrast, we have a coalition that is simply not interested in resolving the policy problems.
These amendments seek to restore the position in law to the position as it was understood to be before the recent High Court decision. It is important to understand the purpose of these amendments. They are seeking to give power to the Minister for Immigration and Citizenship, and it is a power to be exercised on specified conditions that are set out and will be set out in the Migration Act. It is a power to send people who arrive here seeking asylum to a so-called offshore processing country. As the minister made clear in his second reading speech, it is an arrangement that the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees is prepared to assist with. It is a recognition of the level of difficulty of this problem and a recognition of the important part to be played by all of the countries of our region that the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has worked with Australia in developing the arrangement with Malaysia. I do not want this to be set up as merely a competition between the possibility of sending those who have arrived in Australia seeking asylum to Nauru and the sending of those seeking asylum to Malaysia, because the purpose of these amendments is not country specific. The purpose of these amendments is to restore the position to what it was understood to be when these provisions—specifically section 198A of the Migration Act—were inserted in the act by the Howard government in 2001. The purpose of these amendments is to restore the position of the government of this country to the position that it was understood to be.
We have had a lot of discussion about the way in which the High Court's decision is to be understood. We have had all sorts of suggestions which are in error as to what the brief comments made by the High Court in paragraph 128 of the majority judgment mean. I make it clear to the House that paragraph 128 is dealing with a statutory interpretation argument and a statutory interpretation argument alone. The only reason that the majority in the High Court saw it as necessary to refer to Nauru is that the sending of asylum seekers to Nauru had been raised in argument by the Solicitor-General in order to show to the High Court the context in which the provision under consideration, section 198A, had come into existence in the first place. The Solicitor-General was pointing out to the High Court that it came into existence in circumstances where the government of Australia was considering sending people to Nauru. The High Court, in express terms, was not commenting on whether or not Nauru did then or would now satisfy the requirements of section 198A of the Migration Act, which is the section we are seeking to amend. Rather, the High Court was dealing solely with whether or not the minister's declaration that designated Malaysia as an offshore processing country was lawful.
In order to determine what the content of that statutory provision was, the High Court was invited to look at the Nauru declaration that had been made by the former government. The High Court, in brief comments rejected the argument that it should condition its decision as to what the content of this power was by reference to the hopes or intentions of the then government, which the court said:
… do not bear upon the curial determination of the question of construction of the legislative text.
Then, in the part that has been referred to this morning by the member for Cook, the High Court said:.
I repeat: the High Court was not looking at whether or not Nauru would have been a lawful place to send people seeking asylum. Rather, it was saying, 'We reject the statutory interpretation argument that is here being put forward by the Solicitor-General.'
It is the fact—and this is why this amendment is necessary—that Nauru would not presently satisfy the requirements that the High Court has read into section 198A of the Migration Act and that Papua New Guinea would not presently satisfy the requirements that the High Court has read into section 198A of the Migration Act and it is the case, because this was the focus of the decision, that Malaysia does not presently satisfy the requirements that the High Court has read into section 198A of the Migration Act. It is because we wish to pursue a compassionate arrangement with the government of Malaysia and with all of the countries of our region that we bring these amendments to the Migration Act before this parliament and seek the support of all those members of this House who genuinely seek to have, on behalf of our nation, an appropriate and compassionate resolution of a very difficult problem. It is because at present, on a full reading of the High Court's decision, there is practically no country that would satisfy the definition of an appropriate receiving country. Australia itself might satisfy the definition of an appropriate receiving country. New Zealand probably would satisfy the requirements that have been set down by the High Court, but no other country would. To point as do those opposite—and we would say ridiculously—to a sole requirement of being a signatory to the refugee convention would include countries like Afghanistan, Haiti, Iran, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Somalia and Zimbabwe. We do not think that is an appropriate qualification or condition to impose on the minister's discretion. These are appropriate and measured amendments to the Migration Act and I commend the bill to the House. (Time expired)Legal studies in any language pose problems to authors and readers alike. In translation, those same problems are compounded, even many times over at some places in the text, so that quite often the result is, to say the least, disappointing. Unfortunately, with regard to English translations of classical works of the Islamic intellectual heritage, this sort of disappointment has been the rule rather than the exception.
Certainly, to the student of Usul al Fiqh this disappointment has been all the more acute. While translations of classical works in the field are non-existent, with the shining exception of professor Khadduri's excellent rendition of al Imam al Shafi'i's Risalah, there is as yet no general and systematic study of the discipline in English. Even survey literature on the subject is scarce.
Yet, despite this near desperate situation, the International Institute of Islamic Thought has not published the present volume merely in order to fill a void in the library. Rather, it is in recognition of the dynamics of intellectual reform, and of the role of Ijtihad in that process, that the Institute is undertaking to publish a series of works by its President, Dr. Taha Jabir al 'Alwani, on the subject of al Usul and, in particular, Ijtihad.
This volume should be understood as an overview of the field, and as an introduction to the classical discipline. Subsequent volumes, however, will, In Sha'a Allah, present much that is original, and even vital. For it is the conviction of the Institute that the source methodology developed by the scholars of al Usul for dealing with and interpreting the texts of the Qur'an and Sunnah is what now needs to be placed before our Muslim social scientists so that they, with this important and versatile tool in hand, may proceed to fashion the outlines of a new relevancy for Islam.
Certainly, for our part, we can only hope that we have succeeded in making the text clear. Moreover, we have taken pains to include a full Subject Index, with the help of Cindex version 4.0 software, that should prove useful to specialist and generalist alike. Also, while the Arabic edition of this book was published with topic headings, it was not divided into chapters. In the interest of clarity, we have divided the work into chapters by converting, where necessary, topic headings into chapter headings; and by adding brief explanatory notes. May Allah give His guidance to the Ummah of Muhammad (PBUH).
A.S. Al Shaikh-Ali Yusuf Talal DeLorenzo
IIIT-London Department of Research-IIIT
Jumada al Akhirah 1411 AH
December 1990 ACThe St. Patrick-St. Vincent High School wrestling team defeated the School for the Deaf, 36-29, in a league meet on Tuesday.
Greyson Bautista (122) pounds), Tyrone Virgino (134), Eddie Brown (147), Triston Foley (170) and Josh Barretto (220) all won by pin.
The Bruins take on Lick Wilmerding on Thursday.
AdvertisementHe's being an arrogant dick as usual.
Yes
No
He's being an arrogant dick as usual.
When they said "sit down", I stood up.
Hi Bighead, I was wondering how long it'd take for you to take Oxy's side. I like how literally every discussion/argument I get into on this forum will have you join the other persons side these days. Good going. Good consistency.
Anyway yeah, there's clearly no talking any sense into Oxy at this point, so I dunno, carry on being a maniac and taking a huff every time someone makes fun of this shitty song.
I did it all for the lulz.
I did it all for the lulz.And an extraordinary messy painter.
For Festivus, Darwin wants paint cans. Lots and lots of paint cans. Because they make awesome drums.
And he will use those paint cans and cans of Neocate (because, you know, he has to use The Most Expensive Things In The House As Toys) to create towers.
Hopefully today will be my last day painting. And then tomorrow can be a clean-up day. And then life can return to a normal (whateverthefuckthatmaybe) routine.
And then, I can start researching flooring for the entry room. And oh! Guess. What.
Our refrigerator is about to die. So I get to research those too.
And?
My camera is on the fritz. I've owned it for less than 16 months and the motor is dying. Because I? Have taken over 6,500 pictures and I've worn the motor out. Nice.
12 comments:
Three hours?! Good thing you don't work for me. ;)
When you get back to Normal, and experience it, write about it so I can know what it is.
Love the photos. I love me some Mr. Cutie!
Paint cans are awesome! How many things can really double (triple) as a container, a drum and and building block?
first of all, i can't remember if i commented on how much i love the green walls. if i've said it before, sorry.
i wish joe would take the time to use painter's tape when he paints. there is wall paint on the ceilings and ceiling paint on the walls. hate it!!!! it annoys the crap out of me.
i just hope the lids to your paint can tower are on tightly. it would be an expensive disaster!!! (oh, and open 5-gallon buckets of spackle are also very fun things for boys to play with. just so you know...)
sorry about your fridge and camera. do you have any good warranties (like the one from your dishwasher)??
Painting is looking great...and I know painter's tape well. When you pull them down, wrap them into giant tape balls!!! Hours of fun for the whole family. ;-)
Sorry about the dying appliance and camera though. bummer.
I'm with the little guy - paint cans rock. I am often guilty of going to either The Container Store, or Home Depot and buying empty ones and packaging stuff in 'em to give as gifts. Easy Peasy "wrapping paper"...
The painting is looking so great, and I am excited that you are so near completion. Esp. since it sounds like you've got a few new projects looming on the horizon....
the paint looks great. Can't wait til you can be done with this. You'll feel so good.
What kind of camera do you have? Some fancy pants kind?
6500 photos?? And my kids complain about ME!
Oh heavens...I admire your taping. I HATE doing that...I just go really slow. I wonder if I actually save time?
I love my refridgerator with the freezer on the bottom...more expensive, but worth it!
I take that long to tape, too -- it's bad. So last time I didn't tape, and it was fine. I was much less messy when I didn't have the safety net of the tape.
Sorry about the camera and the refrigerator! We had to buy a new refrig five years ago, and had good luck with Lowe's. They had more energy-efficient options than other places.
looking good.. and congrats on wearing out your camera.. You must a zillions of great pics of those boys and a detailed and accurate history of your family.
The tape looks great and the green is lovely.
It is midnight where you are and I am hoping you are finished painting and fast asleep.
Cameras have motors?
I am way too lazy for painter's tape. That's what touching up trimwork is for.You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your ReverbNation experience.
Sounds Like: Too Short, Tupac, 8 Ball & MJG, scar face, UGK
Label: game related record
Manager: will and big smoov
Bio: We are two real street dudes that got tired of being in and out of jail and decided to try this rap game. We used to ride around damn near 24 hours a day hustling. Or we would post up on the block or in the trap hustling. But, while we were in the trap, on the block, or riding around hustling ...See Full Bio
Hey whats going on. My name is Lady Cam . I think I contacted you before, but don’t disregard this message. We made some changes to the tour criteria that’ll make it easie...
Love the sounds I'm hearing on your page today! If you have time listen to my music and fan me back. Thanks! Alex Skarred Kage
WARNING IS GREAT!
yall still need some tracksInternational moving
As our name indicates, Wheaton World Wide Moving has proudly provided global moving since 1962. In fact, Wheaton was one of the first U.S. van lines to provide household international moving services for customers.
International Moving Services
Through our moving partners, Crown Relocations, Wheaton provides secure storage facilities, transit protection, pet relocation, even cultural and language training. We've thought of everything.
Our International Moving Partner
Each year, Crown Relocations provides more than 100,000 relocation services for families settling into new homes around the globe.
Request an Estimate
Just fill out our simple form and your local Wheaton agent will contact you to schedule a free, no-obligation moving quote.Hey, Scripting Guy! I’ve got a script that returns information about all the processes running on a computer, except I can’t seem to figure out how to get the name of the user account that these processes are running under. Can you help?-- DL
Hey, DL. Yes, we can help. It’s actually fairly easy to determine which account a process is running under, it’s just not very obvious how you go about doing that. If you’re like most people, you probably scanned the properties for the Win32_Process class trying to find a property named Account or UserName or something similar. Most likely you didn’t find it. And there’s a good reason for that: the Win32_Process doesn’t have a property that tells you which account a process is running under.
Instead, you need to use a method - GetOwner - to track down this information. Here’s a script that tells you which account Microsoft Word (Winword.exe) is running under:
strComputer = "."
Set objWMIService = GetObject("winmgmts:\\" & strComputer & "\root\cimv2")
Set colProcessList = objWMIService.ExecQuery _
("Select * from Win32_Process Where Name = 'Winword.exe'")
For Each objProcess in colProcessList
objProcess.GetOwner strUserName, strUserDomain
Wscript.Echo "Process " & objProcess.Name & " is owned by " _
& strUserDomain & "\" & strUserName & "."
The line of code we’re most interested in is this one:
objProcess.GetOwner strNameOfUser, strUserDomain
What we’re doing here is calling the GetOwner method. GetOwner returns two “out parameters,” one that returns the name of the user responsible for the process, the other returning the domain that user belongs to. In order to capture these two out parameters we need to supply the GetOwner method with two variables. In this sample script, we’ve used variables named strUserName and strUserDomain. The names are arbitrary; you can call the variables A and B or X and Y or anything you want.
However, the order of the variables is not arbitrary: the first value returned will always be the user name, the second value will always will be the domain. Which means that if you want X to represent the user name and Y to represent the domain, then make sure your code looks like this:
objProcess.GetOwner X, Y
After calling GetOwner we simply echo back the process name and the owner. Notice that - to be a little fancy - we use the domain\user format; that way, we echo a name like fabrikam\kenmyer.
Incidentally, here’s a script that lists all the processes on a computer as well as the owner of each process:
strComputer = "."
Set objWMIService = GetObject("winmgmts:\\" & strComputer & "\root\cimv2")
Set colProcessList = objWMIService.ExecQuery _
("Select * from Win32_Process")
For Each objProcess in colProcessList
objProcess.GetOwner strUserName, strUserDomain
Wscript.Echo "Process " & objProcess.Name & " is owned by " _
& strUserDomain & "\" & strUserName & "."
Oh, and in case anyone is wondering, January 3, 2005 happens to be an official day off for Microsoft employees. So why is there a Hey, Scripting Guy! column today? Well, that can only be because of the incredible dedication and devotion to duty shown by the Microsoft Scripting Guys. Either that, or one of the Scripting Guys - who shall remain nameless - didn’t realize it was a holiday and came in anyway (and at 7:00 AM to boot!).Trust me, this is going to end well……..maybe
I’m writing this after a big heavy dinner at a local restaurant.
As far as healthy eating goes, I went against quite a few rules.
I ate until I was stuffed.
I ate food that was sending me little satisfaction.
I was feeling slow and bloated for the rest of the night.
In short, I did not eat optimally. Not by a long shot.
I used to beat myself up over nights like this. I saw these events as times when I messed up and fell off the wagon.
But now I have a different perspective. The truth is I need nights like this.
I need workouts that suck.
I need less than perfect days of eating.
I need weekends when I’m a slug and do little else but watch TV and play video games.
And so do you.
The thing with always eating right and exercising is that it’s easy to lose perspective on what we are working for.
We can get used to having energy and feeling good. Before too long the great things we strive for become the new norm and thus we can forget how fantastic those times are. With this loss of perspective comes a sense that we are working hard for little benefit. As if it’s just not worth it anymore.
By falling off here wagon once in a while, we can get back in touch with what we are working so hard for.
It helps us to appreciate those days when we feel on top of the world. After a night like this I’m going to appreciate tomorrow all the more when I’m back to feeling fresh and alive.
The next time you “mess up” don’t beat yourself up or even rush to undo the “damage.” Instead soak up the experience. It’s giving you a valuable perspective that makes the good times so much better and the motivation to go after those good times with a vengence.
It’s amazing how someone I have never met can “have my back” so well. Great article/blog. Perfect at this point in time. You are legen…….. wait for it…….dary! LOL
Nice observation!
For the first time (in I don’t know how long) I f’ed-up my diet and felt an uncomfortable amount of negative emotions. Long story short, it’s now morning, even though I feel flat, I don’t feel hungry. It’s going to be a day for ‘getting back to basics’. Make some good choices and learn from this situation. I would be interested to hear about a recent time when you/other Red Delta people have f’ed-up.
Author
In the world of Mt biking we have a saying.
If you never crash you’re not pushing your limits.
If you crash a lot, you’re not very good at learning your lessons or are just being stupid.
But if you crash once in a while you’re right on the edge where you should be.
Welcome to the edge Laurie.Chateau D'arche Sauternes 2003 750ml
Rated 93 - Aromas of ripe apples, honey and spices follow through to a full-bodied palate, very sweet and spicy, with loads of spicy botrytis......
> Petit Guiraud 2011 750ml
Rated 90 - Solid, with a direct, open-knit core of apricot, toasted almond, piecrust and white peach flavors that meld through the creamy,...
Chateau Guiraud Sauternes 1997 750ml
Rated 93 - An elegant and racy Guiraud, with pretty aromas of pineapple, melon and spice. Full-bodied and medium sweet, with an intense, spicy......Distant Replays Louisiana State Tigers T-Shirt
SALE $24.50 was $29.50 Item #33575R140LSUSP
- "LSU" distressed graphic triblend t-shirt
- "Distant Replays" patch
- 50% Polyester, 38% Cotton, 12% Rayon.
- Machine wash warm with like colors. Do not bleach. Tumble dry low.
- Made in United States.
The variations in this garment are intended and unique to the dye process.
Have a Question?
Sizing
- Chest measures 42" on a size medium.
- Center back length measures 27".
- Model Info: Height: 6'1 | Chest: 40 | Waist: 31 | Hip: 39 1/2 | Wearing Size: MediumThe accused killer of a San Francisco high school student will stand trial for strangling her to death, a San Francisco Superior Court judge ruled Thursday.
Royce Miller, 23, of San Francisco, sat quietly in the courtroom of Judge Perker Meeks on Wednesday, watching his acquaintance Maurice Powell testify against him. By Thursday afternoon, Meeks ruled that there was sufficient evidence to hold a trial.
The body of Maxina Danner, a straight-A Lincoln High School student then 17, was found clothed and wrapped in a blanket near McLaren Park in the Visitacion Valley neighborhood on Sept. 27, 2004. Miller and Danner apparently knew each other, but their relationship remains unclear. Prosecutors have not identified a motive in this case.
"It’s a circumstantial evidence case in a way. You have one person being with her alive, the last person being with her alive. That person is also whose house the body was found at, and that person was trying to dispose of the body," prosecutor Eric Fleming said in an interview Thursday.
Powell testified Wednesday that he had given Miller and "a female" a ride to Miller’s house Sept. 26. He said Miller had invited him over on Sept. 27 and asked Powell to help him dump a body, wrapped in the same blanket as the female had wrapped around her the night before. Powell said he asked Miller what had happened, to which Miller replied, "I had to do what I had to do."
Inspector Kervin Silas testified Thursday that Miller had first denied any involvement in Danner’s death, but then changed his story. He then claimed to have had found Danner’s body in his garage but did not know how it got there. He said he knew her vaguely.
Miller’s lawyer, Ira Barg, cross-examined Powell, who admitted to lying to investigators when he was first contacted. He also testified that he takes medication for a psychiatric disorder that makes him forget things.
Miller will return to court June 15 for arraignment on the information.amartin@examiner.comDear Hobie & Monk,
My roommates and I have been living together for a year now. There are four of us in one house. At the beginning, we were all friends. Not the best of friends, but it was a wonderful living situation, ideal even. Then, one of the roommates (let’s call her Susie) got a terrible boyfriend and things took a turn for the worse.
It started innocently enough, with the three of us being sympathetic about their tumultuous relationship and providing shoulders to cry on or advice when asked.
But when Susie directly asked what we thought about the relationship, things got ugly. We made it clear that we thought Susie was making a poor decision and that she both deserved and could do better.
The situation has grown awkward in the house ever since that conversation (as expected). There have been lots of silent treatments and slamming doors and not seeing Susie for days at a time. I understand and appreciate not being best friends with all of your roommates. That said, the three of us have become closer, while Susie is looking in from the outside. She is continuously trying to remain involved in the house, but whenever she does join us, the conversation always steers toward the boyfriend or inviting him along. And frankly, he is the worst to hang out with.
It feels like we’ve lost a friend. If the end goal is to restore the upbeat mood of the house, should we confront the situation, or do a better job of handling the awkwardness? There’s still a year left on our lease — something’s gotta change!
- In desperate need of a détente
Hobie: “It was the best of times, it was the worst of times…” I swear Charles Dickens must have been living in a group house when he wrote this. You’re grappling with a classic situation fraught with friendship danger at every turn, and you are currently reaping the unfortunate benefits of having responded honestly to an impossible question from Susie.
I find that emotional simmering inevitably leads to mini-explosions, so I applaud the idea of confronting the awkwardness directly. Talk with Susie again about how uncomfortable this feels, and let her share her side, too.
Here’s what you might not want to hear: You all have plenty of opportunities to go out as a group (all four of you), in smaller combinations, with people outside the house, etc. Would it kill you to include Susie’s boyfriend every now and then? After all, he may be part of Susie’s life (and, tangentially, yours) for a while. Though we’re not talking revolutionary in a Dickensian sense, this is a relatively easy kindness that could shift the warring factions just enough to restore a little peace.
Monk: You have great expectations for harmony at home, but you’re actually living in a rather bleak house.
That’s because for you and your roomies (and their friends and boyfriends), it’s an age of wisdom and an age of foolishness. While your collective assessment of the rogue relationship (Humbug!) may be dead on, consider this twist: The focus and energy in this scenario has shifted from one roomie’s relationship with a bad boyfriend to three roomies’ relationship with one roomie. Is it possible that between silent treatments and slamming doors, Susie is quietly humming “As long as he needs me?” Has the tumultuous dating relationship been eclipsed by a tumultuous living arrangement, possibly strengthening the unfortunate match?
Consider this: You’ve lost a friend and she’s lost three, but she still has that rotten boyfriend whom nobody (but Susie) understands. I agree with Hobie, it’s time for an artful, compassionate conversation among roommates. This is when you share your sincere appreciation for Susie and her difficult circumstances. She should be reminded that the situation is hard for you, too, because you care about her and she doesn’t seem very happy.
Then suck it up and allow Ebenezer to tag along on the next outing. With the support of her mates, Susie may once again consider herself at home, knock off the foolishness and terminate the doomed relationship..Confidentiality (Recommendations)
Tag cloud
Hide tags
- Recommendation number: 90-2
- Adopted on: June 7, 1990
- Confidentiality, Congress, Dispute Resolution, Mediation, Ombudsman
-:...First release of the D-Bus extension
A few days ago I made the first beta release of the D-Bus extension that I have been working on for a while. D-Bus is a message bus system, a simple way for applications to talk to one another. I started working on this because my cellphone, an OpenMoko FreeRunner. This cellphone (or rather, a mobile Linux computing device) implements freesmartphone.org APIs to talk to all the hardware that is available on the device. This includes GSM and SIM card interfaces, but also GPS, Audio and PIM services.
However, many other applications on the Linux desktop speak D-Bus. This includes system services such as the notification daemon, the screen saver and hardware plug-in detection as well as desktop applications such as Pidgin and Empathy.
I've given a presentation on the extension at the PHP London conference earlier this year, and will also be speaking on this subject as part of the "PHP Inside" and "PHP on the D-Bus" talks at Tek-X (Chicago, May 18-21), International PHP Conference Spring (Berlin, May 30-June 2) and the Dutch PHP Conference (June 10-12).
Sounds interesting. In the context of Midgard2 we're working on a generic php-gobject extension so this would mesh well together with that.
Hi! I've been playing with your extension and works great!
Is there any way to make asynchronous calls (non-blocking) with this extension?
Thx!
Add CommentTweakUI for Windows 64-Bit
Quick Specs
- Version:2.2
- Total Downloads:48,795
- Date Added:Jun. 13, 2006
- Price:Free
- File Size:673.5KB
- Downloads Last Week:36
- Platform:Windows
From NeoSmart Technologies: This is a modified version of Microsoft's TweakUI 2.2. This version is 100% compatible with Windows 64-Bit Edition (both XP and 2003). Use it to customize the look of your PC, from cursor settings to shortcut types and defaults. Also use it to optimize your pc to maximize performance, and minimize headaches.
read more +
see all reviews +
read more +
More Products to Consider
- Optimize Windows 7 and Windows Vista.
- Tweak hundreds of hidden features of Windows Vista.Fix, speed up, maintain, and protect your PC.
- Optimize and tweak your Windows OS.Copy folder contents with ease.Eliminate repetitive typing and manage frequently used text ...- UFC 161
Rashad might drop to 185 with defeat to Henderson
Rashad Evans has added a new angle to his forthcoming fight with Dan Henderson by revealing he could drop to middleweight if he loses.
Evans is suffering from the worst spell of his career, losing back-to-back bouts to Jon Jones and Antonio Rogerio Nogueira. It is a streak he must correct against Henderson on June 15 at UFC 161.
The former light-heavyweight champion has been quoted as saying he fears the cut if he loses to Henderson. It appears those quotes were misrepresented, but Evans does admit he would consider a drop to middleweight if beaten again.
"I'm not worried about losing my job. I put in a lot of good fights at the UFC and I'm confident that I'm not going to lose my next fight," he told UFC Tonight.
"If I lose my next fight, I would consider dropping down a weight class. If I drop down to 185 and things weren't going right, then I would think about retiring."
A drop to middleweight would throw up the potential for a meeting with champion Anderson Silva, in what on paper would seem a highly intriguing style match-up. However, for now, Evans is only focusing on Henderson.
"Dan Henderson is no secret," he said. "The power of Dan Henderson is in his huge right hand. He has great takedown offence, he has a wrestling background and he will get you on the ground and do ground-and-pound.
"For me, what I need to do is fight my fight. I need to have my transitions, from my punches to my takedowns, and they need to be sharp. No lazy half-shots. No pitty-pat punching. I need hard punching and hard takedowns."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
KIRKUS REVIEW
Former gambler Charlie Clark and his Alzheimer's-suffering ex-spy dad Drummond continue to dodge assassins, the CIA and international law enforcement alike while trying desperately to save Charlie's girlfriend from kidnappers.
Following the events in Thomson's Once a Spy (2010), Charlie and Drummond Clark and Alice Rutherford are in Switzerland. Drummond is undergoing experimental therapy for his Alzheimer's, while Charlie and former NSA operative Alice are exploring their newly found feelings for each other. The book opens with Charlie and Alice at a Swiss racetrack, and still constantly looking over their shoulder for members of the clandestine group the Cavalry, who are intent on killing them all before Drummond, a former member, reveals their secrets in a fit of dementia. On their way back to their hideout, Alice is abducted by a highly skilled team in a helicopter, and Charlie is told that the only way to get her back will be to barter one of the Cavalry's fake nuclear devices disguised as a washing machine. The trick will be to get Drummond to stay lucid long enough to figure out where the device is hidden, all while dodging an ever-growing list of well-armed people who'd like to see them either locked-up or dead. Thomson again hits a sweet spot in this highly original thriller, balancing gripping action sequences with humor a step or two above what you'd expect from the genre. Things tend to drag toward the last pages as Charlie sets off on his own to tie up some loose ends, but not enough to really bring things down.
Buoyant, fast and fun.Jeff Larson defends use of RNC funds [INTERVIEW]
By Andy Mannix and Mike Mullen
In 2008, St. Paul hosted the Republican National Convention. Republican strategist Jeff Larson was the CEO and treasurer of the host committee, which raised $65 million prior to the four-day event (Read this week's feature, RNC Piggy Bank). After the convention left town and its debts were paid, the host committee still had a surplus of more than $7 million.
Though the bulk would go to charity, a number of individuals and companies continued to receive payments from the surplus years after the convention. Several campaign finance experts who analyzed the expenditure reports for City Pages say the pattern of spending so long after the convention is abnormal, and deserves an explanation.
For this we went to Larson, the man in charge. Larson declined to be interviewed over the phone, but agreed to answer questions via e-mail. Larson did not respond to questions about payments made to specific individuals after the convention. Here's an abbreviated version of what he would tell us:
City Pages: Can you start by explaining who selected you to be CEO of the 2008 Republican National Convention Host Committee? Why were you interested in taking this job?
Jeff Larson: I believed the Twin Cities needed a shot in the arm. It had been a long time since the Minneapolis St Paul had hosted anything nearly as large as the National Convention. You would have to go back to the Super Bowl in 1991 since we were on the national stage...
...Since it was the Republican Convention that decided to come here, and since the Host Committee needed someone who knew the community and knew the workings of the RNC, they asked me to take this position. I did it to help ensure Minneapolis Saint Paul put on a world-class Convention that put us on the map with other convention cities like Chicago, Boston, New York, New Orleans, Denver and Los Angeles. We did exactly that thanks to our Board, our team, and the community.
CP: It's been more than two years now since the convention, and the host committee still exists. Why has the committee not closed yet?
JL: The short answer is the Federal Elections Commission had not allowed us to do so
CP: You told National Journal reporter Ed Pound in 2008 that your position as CEO of the committee was unpaid. Why?
JL: I was brought on as the Chief Executive Officer of the Host Committee on July 1, 2007. According to the written Consulting Agreement, I could be reimbursed for expenses but draw no consulting fee or payment. I was eligible for a discretionary bonus at the conclusion of the convention based on the Board's view of how well I achieved certain goals and if there was any money left over.
On July 21, 2009, the Board of Directors held an Executive Session to discuss my performance as Chief Executive Officer of the Host Committee. At that time, I had served as the CEO for over 2 years. The Board voted to pay me $400,000 for this work.
Sponsor ContentFor those of us who like to think of ourselves as still quite adventurous, but whose days of backpacking and slumming it in tents or fleapit hotels ended at about the time The Clash split up, finding the Hidden Anywhere is fraught with difficult moments of self-awareness.
While professing to want to go off the beaten track, I have a funny feeling that what most of us actually want is a lightly beaten track with access to a well-trodden one for emergencies such as hot water, insecticide, beer and maybe some satellite telly and a good night's sleep.
In my book, there are two reasons why things are hidden: either they aren't worth seeing - which is why middle-aged nudism will never catch on - or the people who got there first want it to stay that way and make it difficult and expensive for you and me to join in the fun.
But if you try a little bit, you can find things in the most unpromising well-trodden places that not many people bother with and a few places that are very private and pretty expensive too.
Welcome to the lightly camouflaged Caribbean.
Barbados
Oddly, Barbados's small size (21 miles long, 14 miles wide) and a population of 265,000 make it one of the most densely populated countries in the world. But if you want to get away from the relative hurly-burly, head up to the north-west part of the island.
You only really leave the resorts behind when you go north of Speightstown - 'unspoilt apart from the Arawak cement factory', the guidebook says, which would stretch most people's definition of unspoilt. However, the factory's ugliness has drawn a line for development in the area that means you reach the end of Barbados's tourist universe at a hotel called Little Good Harbour, a small complex of apartment-style rooms, nestling among beached boats which locals are repairing - or watching rot, it's hard to tell. The hotel is the last evidence of tourism for quite a few miles, and the peace is only disturbed by the local buses rattling past with horns for brakes every 20 minutes, taking Bajans back to their homes north of the harbour.
A brief venture into local alcohol consumption has to be high on the list of essential experiences for any faint-hearted adventurer, so having jumped on a bus intending to buy some milk, we found ourselves in Speightstown at 10am, down a sidestreet in Rays Bar being plied with rum and ginger ale (nicer than it sounds) by a docker who had just finished a double shift. We were still in town later that night and were mentally alert enough to exit a Bajan Abba karaoke night just as one customer was winding up for a crack at 'Fernando'. Instead, we walked into the Fisherman's Pub, a cheap local restaurant where our presence caused such consternation that the barman had to ask the chef if, at 8pm, he was prepared to cook for us. It was friendly and chaotic and uncommercial and left you with a pleasing glow. Or was that sitting on the wheel-arch of the bus on the way home?
North of Little Good Harbour you can walk along a deserted beach until it turns into cliffs and you have to hit the road. There are derelict houses on the top of spectacular rockfaces that no one seems in a hurry to convert for any kind of tourist pleasure. Most people will say hello as they walk past and if you say something that means very little to them they just say 'OK' in a sort of puzzled but sympathetic tone. The walks are peaceful, the views gorgeous and the people exceptional, though we were warned to be cautious if we heard gunfire because there were sometimes shooting parties up there.
Stay at: Little Good Harbour, and beg for the room above the restaurant which is 20 yards from the sea.
Visit: The Animal Flower Cave at North Point - sea anemones in a series of caves, closed sometimes in bad sea conditions; get the hotel to ring ahead.
Spend a day: Walking (slowly) along the north coast with a picnic.
Do: Say hello to everyone and anyone.
Don't: Get in the way of a bus.
St Vincent
Flying between the islands is not an experience that everyone will enjoy. Keep your eyes closed from the moment you get to the departure lounge in case you accidentally see the relaxed level of security and don't breathe in on the plane because they spray it with an insecticide that gives the cabin the smell of pee.
St Vincent was vaguely familiar to me from a childhood stamp collection but not much else, and we were guided throughout by Clint, a Canadian with Vincentian ancestry who, as well as running his tour company Hazeco, fights a lonely looking battle to keep mass tourism from overwhelming the island's very under-developed character.
St Vincent is much smaller than Barbados, literally and metaphorically - Clint had a problem with his car tax and ended up seeing the prime minister about it. And of all the islands it is the one with most claims to being genuinely hidden, with hundreds of plantations leading to almost unexplorable tropical rainforests in the south of the island and a mountainous green landscape that is geared to bananas rather than holidaying Brits.
Clint has recently discovered waterfalls that no one knew about, and some of the island's most spectacular sites can only be reached by 4x4 then on foot with the aid of the walking sticks that Clint handily keeps in his boot. He took us to a waterfall that used to serve a derelict aqueduct called Hell's Gate, and scowled at the litter left by a party of local picnickers.
The decision to use Clint as a guide and driver was vindicated within five minutes of being on the road when we saw the local bus service. Basically, this consisted of blokes with minivans who charge round the mountain roads with passengers inside, identifiable only by the nameplates they have on their windscreens.
Young Island, a small private island resort just off the mainland near the capital, Kingstown, is a handy, luxurious retreat from the sometimes overwhelming banana-plantation greenness of St Vincent. We were disturbed at first to see a giant rat-like creature outside our room until we read in the hotel handbook that it was in fact an agouti, one of the creatures protected by the nature reserve of which Young Island is part. If you have the energy to climb to the top of the island there's a tennis court on the edge of a cliff which ought to improve your shots.
Stay at: Young Island, and try to get one of the beachfront apartments with a plunge pool.
Visit: The waterfalls at the end of the track from Georgetown, the former capital that became a ghost town.
Spend a day: Climbing to the edge of the volcano, Mount Soufrière. Get Clint to sort it out.
Do: Try Mrs Clint's rum punch.
Don't: Mistake it for a soft drink.
St Lucia
St Vincent to St Lucia takes about 20 minutes by plane, which is a genuine air bus serving four stops between Barbados and Martinique. If the pee was unnerving on the first flight, the sight of the cemetery on an otherwise deserted sandy beach beside St Lucia's local landing strip is equally disconcerting. The Ladera Resort, 10 miles from the airport but a good 90-minute journey round the inconveniently placed volcanic formations, is a fortress-like mountain-top hideaway of a hotel. Several of the apartments have four-poster beds open to the elements (and indoor ones for when it rains).
St Lucia's most visible tourist draws are the Pitons, two volcanic mountains that rise like incisors from the sea, and the Ladera looks out from a great height across the sea at both of them.
The Ladera is expensive, but waking up just once and looking at the Pitons is worth it. The only downside of the outdoorness was a murderous desire to invent a laser-guided device that would terminate the tree frogs who whistle through every dark hour. Thank God we still had earplugs from the plane.
If there was a World Cup for friendliness, St Lucia would be its Brazil. On the Saturday of our trip, I ended up in a bar called Sulphur in Castries drinking beer with 15 St Lucians watching England v Greece on the television and the noise at the end matched anything at the Coborn Arms back home. St Lucians make it very easy to forget that you don't live there and very difficult not to wish you did.
The football meant I was late and a little intoxicated for a spot of jungle biking which had been scheduled that morning at the Anse Chastanet resort, built up since 1974 by an obviously brilliant and slightly bonkers architect, Nick Troubetzkoy. The best rooms are unbelievably beautiful and spacious with sensational views and interesting art, though getting to the best ones up the hillside is a somewhat Himalayan experience.
Anse Chastanet has invented the concept of jungle biking, with a specially constructed mountain-bike course on an overgrown plantation that Troubetzkoy bought a while ago to stop anyone else getting hold of it. It was like being 12 again skidding and speeding through foliage, darting through tree trunks and nearly falling into ditches.
The Anse Chastanet team are also refilling a derelict eighteenth-century reservoir for no other reason than that it was there and it could be done. Mad childlike geniuses obviously run this place, which is what makes it so exceptional.
Stay at: Either Ladera or Anse Chastanet. For the former, bring earplugs; for the latter, go to the gym for a couple of weeks beforehand.
Visit: Honeymoon Beach. Turn left at a hut selling St Lucian wine near Savannes Bay and then walk for a mile or so. Deserted and gorgeous.
Spend a day: On one of the tropical rainforest trails with waterfalls and swimming opportunities.
Do: Buy the St Lucian wine from the man at the Honeymoon Beach turning.
Don't: Drink it.
Factfile
John Duncan travelled with Holiday Options (0870 013 0450).
Twin centre with seven nights at Little Good Harbour, Barbados, room only and seven nights at Young Island, St Vincent on a full-board basis costs from £2,735 per person inclusive of return scheduled flights from Gatwick, private car transfers and boat transfers.
Seven nights at Ladera costs from £1,145 per person inclusive of flights with Virgin Atlantic from Gatwick, private transfers and B&B accommodation in a one-bedroom suite with plunge pool.
Further information: Ladera
Anse Chastanet
Little Good Harbour
Young IslandMesmerizing Visualization of the Moon's Phases in 2013
This mesmerizing animation, released by NASA, shows the phases of the Moon throughout the entirety of 2013, which are caused by the changing angle of the Sun as the Moon orbits the Earth. According to NASA, "Elevation measurements by the Lunar Orbiter Laser Altimeter (LOLA) aboard the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO) make it possible to simulate shadows on the Moon's surface with unprecedented accuracy and detail."
Other graphics in the visualization show the Moon's orbit position, subsolar and.Nike presents a look at an upcoming Flyknit Lunar1+. The shoe features a game royal Flyknit upper accented with flecks of the bright crimson Flywire system and a pull-tab strip down the heel. Finishing touches include a black Swoosh, laces and tongue, and a grey Lunarlon midsole. While the current shot is only of a sample, we’re hoping it reaches retail soon.We're 769 Friends
We're 1,152 Sistahood Socialites
We're 3,581 Social Young Professionals
We're 1,791 Networkers
We're 2,258 Line Dancers
We're 42 Divas
We're 171 Anime Fans
We're 55 Members
We're 684 Social Entrepreneurs
We're 335 Houstonians
We're 1,271 Houston Single Professionals
We're 910 Heightsies
We're 2,386 Social Singles
We're 163 Members
We're 2,381 Youngsters
We're 958 People Who Suffer From Shyness
We're 13 ISGA Members
We're 264 Barrios
We're 359 Art Enthusiasts
We're 332 Social Houstonians
We're 1,165 Fun Bowlers
We're 169 Young Professional Africans
We're 29 Dazzling Diva Dolls
We're 42 Baby Boomer Women
We're 1,971 Español Hablantes
We're 26 Ladies
We're 50 salseros, salseras, mambots
We're 1,537 Young Professionals
We're 93 Members
We're 905 Fun People
We're 8 Butches and Femmes
We're 48 Players
We're 67 SportsMonkeys
We're 82 Friends
We're 91 Investors
We're 26 Fashionista Mommy!
We're 24 Phenomenal Women
We're 9 Mature Ladies! WH&B
We're 6,371 Art Friends
We're 4,090 Singles
We're 1,764 Beer Nerd
We're 2,131 Action Stars
We're 3,202 Houston Professionals
We're 700 Asian Alumni
We're 704 Over 50 Friends
We're 633 Chips
We're 1,513 Players
We're 1,947 Active Houstonians
We're 1,636 Active Dog Parents
We're 215 Online Entrepreneurs
We're 1,323 Salsa & Bachata Lovers
We're 1,844 Runners
We're 2,162 MsIndependent
We're 93 Lesbians of Color
We're 1,294 ESLers
We're 111 Fun Ladies
We're 447 Dancers
We're 392 Ladies
We're 1,300 Toastmasters
We're 577 Tall Singles
We're 40 Mast Desi Ladies
We're 1,131 Single PROFESSIONALS
We're 529 Liberal Ladies
We're 208 Houston Afropolitans
We're 256 Sassy Ladies
We're 355 Hanger-Outers
We're 150 Childfree and Childless Adults
We're 47 Divinas Latinas
We're 119 Expats
We're 258 Meditators
We're 550 Zydaholics
We're 169 lovely ladies
We're 592 WERCrs
We're 549 Ballers
We're 48 Girlfriends
We're 409 Swing dancers
We're 172 Girlfriends
We're 221 Curious Dancers
We're 221 Dancers
We're 26 Lunch Diners
We're 363 eMarketers
We're 743 Open-hearted Singles
We're 17 Besties
We're 180 Houston Ladies
We're 161 Naked Revelers
We're 75 Socialites
We're 190 Dancers
We're 310 Members
We're 191 Web Marketers
We're 112 members
We're 818 Singles
We're 226 Ski Jammers
We're 411 Broncos Fans
We're 117 Amici
We're 198 Posse members and guests
We're 299 Guests
We're 458 Guys
We're 189 SBA Members
We're 667 NetSquared Community Members
We're 132 DivasSkin Matters
$172 for 20 Units of Botox at Skin Matters ($240 Value)
Trained staff inject Botox into skin to smooth out laugh lines, crow’s feet, and wrinkles
Buckhead
20 or 40 Units of Botox at LifeSpring Antiaging & Aesthetic Medicine (Up to 56% Off)
LifeSpring Antiaging & Aesthetic Medicine
Buckhead
Injections inhibit twitching of subcutaneous muscles to reduce appearance of fine lines for up to six months
$280
$136
View Deal
$180 for 20 Units of Botox at Atlanta Medical Institute ($420 Value)
Atlanta Medical Institute
North Buckhead
Doctor determines eligibility during consultation, then may inject up to 20 units of Botox
$420
$180Some Copyright News and Transactions [8:52 am]
Rodgers and Hammerstein Catalog Sold (pdf).
A New York Times Editorial: The Brando Brand (pdf).
From The Boston Globe: King Family: I have a financial motive (pdf)
The family of Martin Luther King Jr. continues its litigious crusade to “protect” the civil rights leader’s image by demanding tribute from anyone who uses it.
A reference to this AP wire services report: Family of Dr. King Charged Group Building His Monument (pdf)
The family of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. has charged the foundation building a monument to him on the Mall about $800,000 for the use of his words and image, an arrangement one leading scholar said Dr. King would have found offensive.
[...] .”
permalink to just this entryR&B singer Ne-Yo welcomes a baby girlSun Nov 14, 2010
And you are deleted, too!
Jessica Simpson engaged to former NFL playerSun Nov 14, 2010
This kind of comment is never welcome, but, unfortunately, is all too common among the ranks of the anonymous. As you can see from the other posters, it's very easy to have a civil conversation about somebody you don't even know. In the real world we call this common courtesy. In the virtual world, …
Can Conan live up to his hiatus hype?Sat Nov 6, 2010
Bristol Palin 'shocked' to still be on 'Dancing'Mon Nov 1, 2010
It's disappointing that a post about Bristol Palin being surprised that she is still on "Dancing With the Stars" has deteriorated into mudslinging and angry political attacks. Can we stay on point, folks? Do you think she's making enough progress each week to remain on the show or should she be vote …
Would you wear fur from a rodent?Mon Sep 13, 2010
Your favorite 'Sesame Street' Muppet?Sun Nov 8, 2009
Is 'Idol' focusing on the positive?Tue Jan 27, 2009
Paul Newman, Hollywood's anti-hero, dies at 83Sat Sep 27, 2008
As entertainment editor at msnbc.com, I produce stories everyday about celebrities who live their lives in public, offering their personal foibles for public consumption. Paul Newman kept his private life for himself and shared his amazing talent with the public. I admired that. I will miss him. Eve …
Emmy's credibility down to 'The Wire,' againThu Jul 17, 2008
'Mad Men,' 'Damages' make Emmy historyThu Jul 17, 2008
The Emmy Award nominations are out, and while there are some good signs ("Mad Men," "Damages" among first time best series nominees), the Academy and its voters have seen fit to snub "The Wire" in its final season. How can you take the TV academy series when it hands out awards for excellence in the …The discovery of fire... that is so happening when I get home tonight.
Hoke was top notch at this aspect of his job..
The discovery of fire... that is so happening when I get home tonight.
Are those Eastern shoes the same color that our Freshman were wearing in that one photo?
Also wondering why they would wear those shoes. Not really within their color scheme.
They're Adidas, we're Adidas, we have the same shoes. Baylor has them too as does every other Adidas school. They're not in our color scheme either - I hope we never wear them.
Baylor completely switched its color scheme late last year for it's tourney run and it included that neon highlighter green
When Stauskas misses, my reaction is such disbelief that I can't think of anything else. But thanks so much for bringing up panic.
If you are reading this Nik....I have an extra ticket to the Lions tomorrow night.
*the high level of creepiness is unintentional
In the postgame recap on AA.com, McGary said he never even picked up a weight until he got on campus. That is scary for every other B1G post player, especially after seeing how Morgan developed through the weight training program.
Morris behind-the-back to Douglass; Douglass two-handed dunk; epic Hardaway reaction.
I never get tired of looking at this.
...photo of the EMU player returning to his planet. Sometimes pictures capture the oddest moments.
I'm not the basketball scholar that I'd like to be, and although I understand Brian's point about instachucks, if his 3-pt shooting just maintains an average percentage (as opposed to his early season numbers) the THREAT (see what I did there?) of his hot shooting should be enough to effect opposing teams' defensive plans against Michigan. However, the difference between now and, say last year, is that the credible scoring weapons that UM has added with Robinson, McGary as an inside presence, and the other freshmen that all augment the Burke/Hardaway/Morgan establishment. If Stauskas can keep feeding the ball to open guys as defenses collapse to contest his 3-pt shots, I'd think there's opportunities for other scoring threats to step up like they all appear to be able to do.
Stauskas misses more when he's wide open than he does when someone is on him. Weirdest thing.
Also, was he the only player last night to miss a free throw?
highlights:
:40 mark - 5 on 0
2:30 mark - Hardaway Jr. yelling Mitch for that sweet as long pass
I saw that 5 on 0 fastbreak too. I've watched a lot of hoops in my 32 years, and have never ever seen that before. I was freaking out with the guys I was watching the game with, but they didn't seem to think it was a big deal.
And it was not even off a turnover at the top of the key. If memory serves me right, THJ got the rebound on the baseline, ran up the right side line and ALL of the UM players sprinted back, while the EMU guys had lead in their shoes. The Michigan guys all looked surprised and weren't really sure what to do. Good thing common sense prevailed and we got the wo points.
Still one of the more incredible/surprising plays I have ever seen.
Love watching a 2 minute commercial for a 3 minute video.
They've done a very nice job of staying together and sticking with the system. The one fast break in the first half started with a rebound underneath and ended up as a five on nobody. Be very important to be able to continue to play this was as the road gets stepper in B10 play.
I love that Wes Unseld is still the go-to reference for the outlet pass.
I know. I can't decide if it's #racist or #theoppositeofracist that white McGary wasn't compared to white Kevin Love.
Race has nothing to do with it. Seeing Nik Stauskas being called a more athletic Glen Rice seals it for me. Judging by body language and Omar's own swag-meter I'd venture to guess he's listened to his fair share of James Brown and Curtis Mayfield records coming up in Mississauga.
I mean, Dude. You are ALL OVER HOOPS.
Seriously, makes me happy. Solid analysis.
#noturningbacknow
What with McGary's penchant for rebounding and Brian's puppy analogy, shouldn't we just be calling him "The Retriever" already? This needs to happen.
This might be the greatest basketball post in Mgoblog history. Thanks Brian for the insight and laughs.By JENNA FRYER
AP Auto Racing Writer
CONCORD, N.C. (AP) – The celebration of Chip Ganassi’s success was supposed to be a surprise, an opportunity to gather his great champions and toast their remarkable runs.
He found about it, but the celebration will stay etched in Ganassi’s memory.
“It was one of the more special moments of my racing career,” Ganassi said Tuesday, searching for the words to adequately describe his emotions.
Longtime partner Target last week brought Jimmy V ‘97-98, and Montoya made it four consecutive Ganassi titles in 1999.
Dixon started another four-year run for Ganassi in 2008, and Franchitti added the last three IndyCar championships to the incredible reign.
The core group had an enthusiastic reunion dinner on the first day, and a large luncheon with their Target partners the next. The luncheon included a tribute video to the late Dan Wheldon, who drove three seasons for Ganassi in IndyCar.
“So many years, and so many championships for Chip, and so many friendships,” Montoya said.
It was an emotional two days for almost involved for various reasons. Vasser and Zanardi built an incredibly tight friendship during their time as teammates, and although Zanardi now lives in Italy, the two remain close even though they don’t see each other often.
“Other people could live 1,000 years and not experience the intensity or the emotions of the three years I spent with Jimmy driving for that race team,” Zanardi said. “It is by far the best memories of my racing career.”
For Dixon and Franchitti, it was a chance to sit back and watch the comedy routine of Vasser and Zanardi. While it was a walk down memory lane, it was yet another move toward getting on with business again after Wheldon’s fatal accident in the Oct. 16 season finale. Both were close friends with Wheldon, and his accident lingers over the championship, Franchitti’s third-straight and fourth overall, and the ninth for Ganassi’s open-wheel teams.
“We’ve reflected on the championship, and when I went to the Christmas party with the whole Target team, there was a lot of congratulating each other and all those sort of things,” Franchitti said. “But I don’t think we celebrated it. When we think about it, we are always going to be connected (with Wheldon). That’s just the way it’s going to be.
“So celebrating or not celebrating is not that important. We’re really just motivated to go out and win another.”
Motivation to win races and championships has always been what’s driven Ganassi, and he’s still searching for that formula in NASCAR. It’s the only series he’s yet to find consistent success, and last season was a black-eye for an otherwise banner Ganassi year.
Aside from Franchitti’s title in IndyCar, Scott Pruett and Memo Rojas combined to win their second consecutive Grand-Am title and were the anchors on yet another Ganassi victory in the prestigious 24 Hours of Daytona sports car race.
However, Ganassi’s NASCAR teams went winless. Montoya finished 21st in the final Sprint Cup standings, Jamie McMurray was 27th and Ganassi on Tuesday called the overall organization effort “just pathetic for a team with our ability and resources.”
“It certainly wasn’t the first year I’ve had success on one side and not on the other,” said Ganassi, who ordered sweeping organizational changes to his NASCAR operation. He released three top executives, hired industry veteran Max Jones as general manager, chose John Probst as technical director and lured Chris Heroy, a coveted employee at Hendrick Motorsports, to be Montoya’s crew chief.
Ganassi expects early and immediate improvement, and indicated he’s not done shaking things up if the results don’t turn around.
“It was obviously time to make a change and we had to do it, we had to fix it,” Ganassi said. “We took a big swipe at it, and I’m certainly happy with the people that we have now. But if more changes need to be done, we’ll do that as well.”
Nobody doubts he means it.
Franchitti called Ganassi one of the greatest motivators he’s had in his career.
“He’s the driving force. A lot of the success we have comes from Chip’s determination,” Franchitti said. “He hires the right people and then puts them in the right position and then gets on with it. He doesn’t micromanage. If you win and do well, he’s very appreciative. If you don’t win, he’s not shy, he pushes you to get on with it and pick it up.”
And Zanardi, who came to the U.S. with the hardened individualist mentality so prevalent in European racing, credits Ganassi for opening his mind to a team atmosphere.
“When I started to drive for him and win the races, I had picked up a big head, you know, think you are the best,” Zanardi said. “It was always clear he gave me a great opportunity, but I also thought I was helping him. I look at him now and realized he changed my life. Yes, we were winning and having great success, and at the time, I didn’t give much credit to Chip for having created all that.
“But it’s his perseverance, his dedication to what he does, he pours everything into his racing ... he definitely changed my life completely for the better.”
Ganassi deflected all individual credit on Tuesday.
He instead praised his sales team, which on Tuesday announced partnerships with Banana Boat, Belkin products and LiftMaster garage doors and filled all the primary sponsorship for his two NASCAR teams. Everything is sold to the point that across all Ganassi’s organizations, the IndyCar races for Franchitti in Edmonton and China are the only opportunities for a potential new primary sponsor.
Try pinning Ganassi down on what he does to make his organizations successful on the race track and in the business world, and he defers.
“It’s like laying bricks. One brick would be me. Another brick would be Vasser. Another brick would be Zanardi. Another brick was the management team,” he said. “Those are all bricks that you build and one day you look up, you’ve added Montoya, Dixon and Franchitti, suddenly what started out as a brick is now a wall. A strong wall.
“That’s what it’s about. It’s not about me at all. I never drove the cars, I never changed a tire, I never installed the engine or rebuilt anything. I don’t do any of that stuff.”{6} Next Major Release, Workflow Oriented (163 matches)
- Active tickets slated for the next major release, workflow oriented
- Sort by component, type, summary
- Accepted tickets have an '*' appended to their owner's name
Results (101 - 163 of 163)
Needs Docs or Unit Tests (4 matches)
Note: See TracReports for help on using and creating reports.How the LAP-BAND® System Works
We understand. Any kind of weight loss surgery can be intimidating. You’re probably wondering what your recovery will be like. How long before you can get back to your life? And what exactly will you be doing to your body?
Fortunately, choosing the LAP-BAND® System can ease these worries. It’s truly minimally invasive, typically done as an outpatient procedure, and has a fast recovery time of about a week.2 It also involves no permanent alteration to your body. Unlike sleeve gastrectomy and gastric bypass, the LAP-BAND® Adjustable Gastric Banding System involves no use of metal surgical staples, no amputation of any part of the stomach, nor any cutting of the intestines.1,2
Data from the Bariatric Outcomes Longitudinal Database™ showed that sleeve gastrectomy had a 3x greater rate of total complications in the first year4* when compared to gastric band.
.Welcome to Week 21.
According to an article on eHow.com, salmon is arguably a contender for the title of "fillet mignon of the sea" with its rich flavor appealing to a wide variety of palettes and its tremendous nutritional value as a source of protein, Omega 3 fatty acids, and vitamin D. For all of its value in flavor and potential health benefits, there comes a price tag and it is important to get the most from your salmon dollar.
Never purchased salmon before? No problem! Here are 5 tips on how to select salmon:
1. Have an idea of how much salmon you intend to cook and what else you will need for the meal. Salmon is a fairly delicate meat and will spoil outside of refrigeration if it is neglected for an extended period of time.
2. Additionally be aware of the differences between farm raised and wild caught salmon. Wild salmon tends to be a bit leaner and has an overall richer, gamier flavor making it generally the more desirable premium product, but pricing and availability in most areas favors farm raised salmon as the more economical choice.
3. Inspect your intended purchase visually. The flesh should be very firm and together. Any feathering of the flesh indicates a potential problem, as does slimy skin and scales that fall out at ease. The color of the flesh can vary depending on the particular variety of salmon and is not as important of an indicator of quality as the condition.
4. Get a chance to smell the cut of fish. This is probably the most important step, and should make or break your decision to purchase. Salmon should smell rather sweet with a bit of saltiness if it is fresh, while if the salmon has the more typical fish smell it should be discarded.
5. When you purchase your salmon, take it home as soon as possible to avoid spoilage which can lead to illness.
And now for this weeks' seafood roundup!
Just Putzing Around the Kitchen
Bakeaholic Mama
Sel Et Sucre
Ally's Kitchen
Drizzle and Dip
Rich and Sweet
Tasty Trials
Mia's Domain
La Difference Catering
A Little Bit of Christo
Thank you for allowing me to share~I hope you all have a wonderful weekend!
Terrific post and roundup... Those salmon crostinis are screaming at me
Dave
They all look yummy.
Thanks for featuring my dish! Great roundup here!
Glad you all like the roundup this week!
Wow, don't they all look fabulous. Great idea Carrie, thanks so much xxx Dor- Filed Under
At 10:56 a.m. Thursday, officers investigated a complaint in the 200 block of East Thomas Street of threats being made. A 43-year-old man was referred to the Marathon County District Attorney's Office on charges of intimidating a witness using threats of force.
On Thursday, officers responded to the intersection of North Sixth and Washington streets to a report of a slip and fall.
At 1:40 a.m. Friday, an officer was sent to the 500 block of North 72nd Avenue to speak with a supervisor about a man who had been let go from his job. The man had mentioned a gun, but nothing was seen and he left the property. No arrests were made.Mar.
Razzle Dazzle RecipesLove & the Capacity to Love
>.
There is but one topic to write about on this day…, “Relationships can involve more than one type of love. For example, best friends may love each other in both a child-parent and a parent-child way in the sense that each leans on as well as looks out for the other. Relationships can involve different types of love at different points in time. For example, people may gradually shift from a child-parent to parent-child form of love as they grow up, and their parents get older. Relationships can begin with one type of love and acquire other types over time. For example, dating couples may initially love each other only in a romantic way but eventually begin to love each other in child-parent and parent-child ways as well. Mate relationships are unique in being the only social tie that encompasses all three forms of love” (pg. 304).
Peterson and Seligman go on to explain, “Humans have theorized about love and relationships for as long as they have theorized about anything. Surprisingly, it has only been in the last 30 years or so that the methods of empirical science have been applied to the task of understanding and explaining love. And for much of this time research proceeded along two separate pathways, with developmental psychologists investigating parent-child bonds and social psychologists studying adult romantic relationships. Recently these two areas of inquiry began to merge, and the integration has thus far proved fruitful. The capacity to love and be loved is now viewed as an innate, species-typical tendency that has powerful effects on psychological and physical health from infancy through old age. It has also been established that this capacity can be affected in deep and lasting ways by early relationship experience” ?
Images
Big Heart of Art – 1000 Visual Mashups courtesy of qthomasbower….
Hi!
My number 1 strength of the test of Seligman was also love and the capicity to love. Strength 2. Learning, 3. Beauty en excellence, 4. creativity and 5. curiosity. (lowest strengths or weaknesses are self control en hope/optimis) Since a half year I have a wonderful relationship with my girlfriend, so in that case, the result of nr. 1 is not surprising. Remarkable is that I am much of my time struggling and not happy. This is because I am struggling with my current job , managing daily life and facing all the responsibilities en stress of the future ( i am not that optimistic). Two questions of the meaning of the capicity to love:
1. In what sense is love different than doing something for your neighbor or somebody passing by?
2. We should use our capacity in all aspect of life: relationship, work, bring up children. Love is of course useful in relationship en raising children….What do en how to work out the capacity of love in work? Especially in the sector of business, engineering, consultancy where I am working now….
I consider a carrier switch…so any idea’s/links for my question is welcome!
Kind regards,
Peter
p.s. sorry for my bad English, it’s not my nature language.
Doing something for a neighbor or passserby as you say would fall into another strength in my mind: Kindness and Generosity. To me, the difference between this strength and Love & the Capacity to Be Loved is the depth and longevity of the relationship.
I do think you can apply your strength of Love to the workplace by asking yourself some questions: What would it be like if I really loved the people I work with? Would I treat them any differently? Would I be more compassionate when they were having a bad day?
As the Wheel of Life exercise points out, the 8 slices of your life all fit together,are interdependent, and can have a contagious effect – be it positive or negative. Sounds like you recognize how your career/work are impacting the other parts of your life. Good for you! Thanks for writing.Let us know. We DO Listen.
Subject:
Visit us again to see if your comments are posted!
Today: $100 $20 Down Books Your Trip See Details
Use PayDelay® Online or Call (888) 782-9722 to Book It
Mad?!The Wailing Wall's Jesse Rifkin has said that, despite an upbringing rooted in religion (a childhood spent on an ashram, a decade-plus spent attending an Orthodox Jewish day school), he didn't find any real value in the Bible until college. Rifkin's belated epiphany was hardly unique, but he does seem to have learned the smartest lesson from it: that no matter how seriously you take it, the Bible remains one heck of a yarn, its tales and metaphors readily applicable to all facets of life.
Indeed, Rifkin was reportedly inspired by a year of bad news, bad vibes, and setbacks to go back to the beginning-- the very beginning, as in, the Book of Genesis-- to make sense of himself and the world. The Low Hanging Fruit, the second album from his Wailing Wall project, is steeped in spirituality both specific and vague. But this is no Old Country kitsch fest. Rather, Rifkin goes deeper and broader, invoking the Bible as an anchor but opening up beyond the standard Judeo-Christian axis. Influences here include Qawwali drones and Hindu chants to go with his folk-rock echoes of Bob Dylan and Leonard Cohen. To quote Rifkin, he's "in love with the poetry of the Bible."
There's an undeniable poetry to Rifkin's words as well, which certainly helps convey the personal nature of this particular musical journey. Admittedly, when it comes to pop culture, religion is the ultimate low-hanging fruit. A sprinkle of theology can easily, lazily convey a hint of import or profoundness even where none exists. But for all its time-tested signifiers, Rifkin's struggle to find meaning in life rings honest and compelling.
What's more impressive than Rifkin's introspective voyage, however, is the confident way he flits from tabla and sitar vibes on "Bones Become Rainbows" to the austere guy-with-guitar of "For C.M.R." (where he manages to out-nasal Dylan), or from the sunny folk-rock of "Dandelion" to the harmonium bliss of "Fear No Apple, Fear No Flood". These songs flow together with convincing inspiration. If the results themselves are ultimately less inspiring than they are admirable, that likely has less to do with Rifkin's craft and more to do with the album's meditative nature. After all, he's the one on the road to revelation. We're just the spectators, curious to learn where he finally endsCircaflex
10-03-04, 04:46 PM
Well i see that guy who broke the 40k mark in 3dmark01 used windows 2k, now a few people have been saying that 2k is better for benches than xp and is somewhat more stable. Now i have xp currently but have my old win2k disc and need a reformat pretty soon, and i was going to use 2k but wasnt sure if its just random info that people are throwing out there, i also heard win2k doesnt use HT correctly. Is this true?I love fashion magazines. My favorite fashion magazine is Marie Claire. My oldest sister has subscribed me to the magazine for years. Marie Claire is a high fashion magazine. It shares ideas for how to put together a fabulous outfit, as well as what the make up trends are, and usually features a high-profile celebrity on the cover.
One of my favorite sections of the magazine is in the very back. On the last page there is always a section titled, 20 Questions. It features an interview with a celebrity consisting of 20 questions. The way the celebs answer the questions always cracks me up. The answers are so prepared. No one I know answers questions the way celebrities do.
Today I thought I would answer the March issues’ 20 Question section myself. You could pick up a copy of the magazine and read Sarah Jessica Parker’s responses, but you already know everything about her. My answers will be the real deal. No pre-preparing ahead of time.
20 Questions
What brings you the greatest joy?
My husband. I would have said my children, but they make me nuts sometimes. Besides my husband is the one who helped me create my kids.
What are your vices?
Wine and lipstick. They go together. You drink wine and the lipstick stays on the glass, so you have to reapply.
What is on your nightstand?
I don’t have one. I have my husband’s dresser that is covered with books I never have time to read.
What is your greatest indulgence?
Eating out. I love eating out. I would be happy to never eat a meal cooked by me again.
What should every woman try at least once in her life?
A Brazilian wax. Just kidding. No one should ever try that. I think every woman should travel out of their country.
What makes me laugh?
My kids. My boys are funny guys. They make me laugh almost as much as they make me yell.
What is the one thing people would be surprised to know about you?
If I could do a career do over I would be involved in the theater. I was a theater minor in college and loved it.
What is on your bucket list?
I have so many things on my list, but the top of the list would be travel to Chile and be a grandmother.
What is on your feet right now?
Boots and yellow socks.
How did you make your first dollar?
I sold Burpee seeds to neighbors as a kid. I walked door to door selling seeds. I did pretty well too. I made three bucks.
What superstition to do you believe in?
If you throw away a good photo of someone you love, something bad will happen to them.
What items in your closet do you wear the most?
Jeans. I have over 10 pairs of jeans. I love denim in an unusual way.
What is the best gift you have ever received?
My boys. I love them so, so much. They have brought me more joy than any material item I have every owned.
What is on your liquor shelf?
Nothing. I don’t have a liquor shelf.
What is on your kitchen counter?
Dirty dishes from breakfast. I decided to write a blog instead of clean the kitchen today.
What would you never leave home without?
Lipstick or lip gloss. I can’t function without color or moisture on my lips.
What movie has the greatest ending?
Shawshank Redemption. This movie is one of my all time favorites. The ending is perfect.
Who is on your guest list for dinner?
My siblings and their spouses, in-laws, my father and his wife, the boys godparents, former neighbors, parents of the boys’ friends from school, former roommate and his girlfriend, childhood friend and her family, my boys, and Bette Midler. Bette would be the entertainment.
What is the one thing you wish you had known when you were younger?
Stop holding onto anger and move on. I wasted too much time in my youth being upset with people.Berlin Utility Plant Retrofit
Work is underway in Berlin to ensure that the town’s power plant will meet new environmental requirements by May.
Tim Lawrence, the town’s electric utility director, said that under federal rules these plants must cut their emissions by 70 percent.
Installation of an oxidation catalyst that captures emission through the exhaust system started this week.
He told the Salisbury Daily Times that the work crews began taking the existing muffler systems off the plant’s engines.
A new monitoring system will also be put in so that employees can know when it’s time to change the filter on the catalyst.
The Berlin facility has never had a monitoring system before.West County Gardens is introducing a totally “Green” method of improving lawns and drainage while re-using green debris and saving space in our landfills.
By heavily core aerating, and top dressing with “Black Gold Compost” using a specialized spreader, we can promote a greener healthier turf with less emphasis on fertilizers and, or pesticides. This process over time will also help retain water deeper in the soil, slowing run-off (which carries pollutants) to our streams and rivers, in doing so keeping more usable moisture on your property.
Just one application can be beneficial, and soil can continue to be improved with yearly visits.
BENEFITS OF USING BLACK GOLD COMPOST
Please see the enclosed quote, sign and return or give us a call to schedule your application today. This may be done with your other Cool Season Turf Maintenance.- .
Today my fellow Fellows and I met for a writing workshop with Justin Davidson, the Pulitzer-Prize-winning music and architecture critic. He generally liked my writing and said it was clear I write for the ear, for radio. But he cautioned me about the opening lines, referring to U.S. politics. The concern is that readers expect that parallel to be drawn throughout the piece. It wasn't.
So, here's my review of the Mahler. Tomorrow I hand this over to Anthony Tommasini of the New York Times.
Yikes.
* * * *
Before setting off for a three-week tour of Europe, the Cleveland Orchestra set up camp in New York's Carnegie Hall. The harp glittered. The cellos gleamed. A sell-out crowd settled in for one purpose: to concentrate on the sound of one of the best orchestras in the world perform a single piece of music Mahler's Symphony No. 2.
Expectations ran high. It didn't hurt that the conductor, Franz Welser-Moest physically resembles the composer, Gustav Mahler, right down to the Austrian accent. It also didn't hurt either for audience members to note that Mahler himself conducted the U.S. premiere at Carnegie Hall in 1908.
The conductor took a clinical approach, but the Cleveland Orchestra managed to take listeners on an exhilarating journey nonetheless. wailing played sweetly, with warmth. Surprisingly, the musicians played certain passages in a syrupy, sentimental way the composer desired. Until recently, the style had fallen out of fashion.
Conductor Welser-Moest swooped and dipped. At times he appeared to spin cobwebs. He coaxed phrases from the violins with economical motions. The performance he evoked might have reminded aficionados of bloodless recordings by Gilbert Kaplan. Welser-Moest's unusual long-term contract with the Cleveland Orchestra, recently extended to the 2011-12 season, implies the players have great faith in his musicianship.
About midway through the symphony, the orchestra's sound muddied. When mezzo-sporano.
Mahler's Symphony No. 2 is about life, meaning, and hope. But it doesn't shy from cosmic grief.
At the end of Cleveland's performance, audience members shot to their feet and shouted. A octogenarian in the tenth row lifted his cane and waved it back and forth like a flag.
Whether there is life after death didn't matter to those alive in a world of such wonders.
Support provided by:This...
5 comments:
Hi I would also like this autumnal but I just want to know the distributes list and will I get it from my area?
Hello Hobbes,
Maybe your preference for the autumnal version is due to the fact that in the Spring of 2011, the rain came early in the season and that it stopped early in autumn, giving especially 'dry' teas in the end of the year. I have tasted several good autumn tea from 2011.
Dear Jack,
The cake is available from Yunnan Sourcing, and they deliver everywhere.
Dear William,
Perhaps so... However, there have been very many 2011 autumnal cakes that have been disappointing. More on some of these later!
Toodlepip,
Hobbes
Enjoyed reading your notes as alway, Hobbes. It has inspired the urge to order a sample at very least... though I must confess, those chocolate bunnies distracted me a bit. I ended up having to satisfy that craving immediately after reading the post. :)
eric
Those bunnies did taste rather good. :)
Xiaohu seemed to enjoy bunnies and tea at the same time...
Toodlepip,
HobbesProject White Star, those intrepid souls trying to fly a weather balloon across the Atlantic, built an excellent helical antenna to be featured as part of their next payload. (The one pictured above is not their final antenna, but one of the experimental ones.)
After!
For the metrically challenged, that’s the same weight as five empty soda cans!!Browse By Person: Wilson, Adrian
Jump to: Book Chapter | Journal Article | Conference Paper | Conference Item | Report
Number of items: 17.
Book Chapter
Wishart, Darren E., Freeman, James E., Davey, Jeremy D., Wilson, Adrian, & Rowland, Bevan D. (2012) When non-significance may be significant : lessons learned from a study of the development, implementation and evaluation of a fleet risk assessment tool. In Dorn, Lisa (Ed.) Driver Behaviour and Training. Ashgate, Surrey, pp. 197-214.)
Conference Paper.
53
.
165
.
153
Conference Item.
21
_5<<)
13
)
Armstrong, Kerry, Watson, Barry, Wilson, Adrian, & Watson, Angela (2012) Links between unlicensed and unregistered driving (Data analysis). (Unpublished)
Watson, Barry, Armstrong, Kerry, Wilson, Adrian, Livingstone, Kerrie, & Barraclough, Peter (2012) An examination of the factors contributing to unlicensed driving. (Unpublished))
Armstrong, Kerry, Wilson, Adrian, Watson, Barry, Freeman, James, & Davey, Jeremy (2010) Evaluation of ANPR trials for traffic policing in Queensland. (Unpublished)
Watson, Barry, Armstrong, Kerry, Livingstone, Kerrie, & Wilson, Adrian (2009) A comparison of methods to estimate the extent of unlicensed driving: Literature review. (Unpublished)"Firebreather". CrossFitters throw this term around a lot. Did some d-bag at your box squat 300 lbs? What a Firebreather! Did your girlfriend swing a 16 kg kettlebell for the first time? Damn, girl, you's a Firebreather! Maybe you know someone who's met someone with a 4 minute Fran? Dude's a Firebreather, through and through. Much like "Elite Fitness", "Firebreather" is turning into a useless phrase because it's being thrown around so much. Truth is, there aren't very many true blue Firebreathers out there. I won't explicitly tell you what it takes to be a Firebreather, because then this would happen. Instead, here's a quick guide on how to spot a Firebreather in their natural habitats.
They Blend In...
Whether they're at the gym or at Whole Foods, a true Firebreather blends in. Sure, there are exceptions (see Jason Khalipa), but most Firebreathers are actually kind of boring. I mean, I love Graham, but the guy isn't exactly exciting. He's a badass, he's crazy fit, and he's just a normal, everyday guy. Look at it this way: people walk by Graham every day of his life and never wonder if he's a professional athlete. When's the last time you stood next to a tall, huge black guy and didn't try to figure out which NFL team he's on?
...Unless They're Lady Firebreathers...
Then it's kind of obvious. Lady Firebreathers are mostly really jacked and quite obviously in crazy good shape. You see them and you know they can easily pick you up and they can definitely do more pull ups than you can. When you see a chick and think to yourself "damn, I wish I had shoulders like those", you're either looking at a "woman" who's got more testosterone than you (and that's a really obvious one [Editor's note: I want you to realize that this chick is white and yet has dyed her body black. Bodybuilding is definitely healthy and wonderful.]) or you're looking at a badass Lady Firebreather who's merely stronger, faster, and in better shape than you.
...Or They're Assholes.
So Firebreathers can be either boring, female, or assholes. The third category is full of dudes like Ronnie Teasdale, who has definitely softened up and stopped being as crazy as he's been over the past couple years, and of course Jarett "JP" "Ninja" Perelmutter. JP's is a special breed of...something. He's a fan of both the weight vest and the gasmask at the same time. He crushed the Open this past year (placed 10th in the world) and then was absolutely embarrassed at the Regionals for some reason (My guess is real judges from outside his gym, but what do I know? No one in CrossFit would ever cheat, right?).
I don't usually do this, but shout out to Drywall for taking some time away from trying to sell people bullshit products and writing something that scratches the surface of meaningful. Thanks, buddy.
doesn't look like many people follow your blog, you are all over the place and cant edit for shit and your attempts at humor are nothing short of pathetic. dude, you are not funny. You attempt to slander a company that donates more money to military charities than all other CF based companies combined. the navy SEAL foundation, the semper fi foundation, wounded wear, to name a few. you call kill cliff an energy drink when in fact it has a whopping 25 mg of caffeine. what's your deal? you dont know us and dont know anything about our product. you call it a bullshit product and you call us douche bags we sent $10,000 to the frogman swim in tampa 2 weeks ago to support the navy SEAL foundation. we raised $107,000 this year alone for the Navy SEAL Foundation. what have you ever done armen? ever done anything to help out the troops armen? ever donated every single penny your company made in a calendar year to military charities? well that is what we did at Kill CLiff in 2011 Armen. so before you go running your mouth about us i suggest you take the above into consideration and shut your fucking mouth or you can be an unpatriotic piece of shit and keep running it.
Ooooohhhhh...sand in the vagina?
I'm not sure if you noticed but there is a self-proclamation of "asshole" right at the top of this blog. So you probably shouldn't be getting your panties in a bunch over this. I do want to go on record with a few things.
1.) Kill Cliff is totally lame! I'm not begrudging you the right or opportunity to make money. Fuck, go for it. For the most part though, you are tapping into a saturated market with a customer base of...questionable intellect. (wow...that was so PC of me)
2.) I don't think Armen's patriotism is at issue here. Again, he claims asshole. So what is your point. While I'm at it...that is just stupid (it is actually called ad hominem) you attack his character instead of his point. You rally around how much you've given in support...blah blah blah. Now, I think that's fine, but hardly the point, and it sure doesn't make you a "better" person, or somehow more patriotic.
3.) Honey badger don't give a shit. And neither does Phil Knight. There is this concept in business that you haven't made it until people start talking shit. So just chill the fuck out and realize that you are actually getting mentioned. Nike has a lot of people that hate them, and guess what? Phil Knight sleeps just fine, and he sure wouldn't be caught posting some lame ass response to a blogger who bad mouths his shit.
So go wipe your vagina and keep drinkin your frosty beverages.
Extremely enjoyable blog. I'll be back!Tricia and I took my last day of spring break to do the Diablo Loop, plus a bit of wandering around the edges of Walnut Creek. I'd heard there were turkeys on Mt, Diablo (insert your own joke here) but I'd never seen any myself. Then, just a few miles past the Northgate entry there they were, doing their full on turkey thing with the feathers and all, right by the road. It was a weather-perfect day, and the mountain was beautiful. Only one driver tried to kill Tricia, and he missed. So all in all, just another grand day in California.
Great picture! Last week, I caught up to a biker standing at the side of the road, looking off into the underbrush. He said a big female turkey had crossed right in front of him. I got there too late to see it, but I'll be on the lookout when I ride that route again. human priest 100 (armory)
Alts and Transfers: Main Mìtxel (Exodar),.
REPUBLICA - not confirmed
Languages: Spanish
Looking for guild: unknown
Raids per week: unknown
Specs playing: unknownlast updated unknown
Statistics: Common Kills Proving Grounds PvP Pet Battles Quests
PvE Score: 3082.82
Tiers: tier17
Gear
- May 19, 2015 Mìtxel left guild
Philanthropy Kriegers
- May 19, 2015 Mìtxel joined guild
Philanthropy Kriegers
- May 19, 2015 Mìtxel left guild
Insomnio
- May 10, 2015 Mìtxel changed guild
REPUBLICAwith Insomnio
- Sep 26, 2012 Mìtxel joined guild
REPUBLICA End of Support for SMTP Authentication Using CRAM-MD5
CRAM, as of June 16, 2013, our Rackspace Email and Microsoft Exchange platforms no longer support CRAM-MD5 SMTP connections. Our testing shows that most mail clients.
© 2015 Rackspace US, Inc.
Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License
See license specifics and DISCLAIMERDEBRIS ANALYZED: The military's analysis of the missile strike on a dead satellite has revealed no sign of danger from debris, including no hazard from the satellite's fuel tank, a Pentagon spokesman said Friday.
Video of the strike indicated that it pulverized the spacecraft.
SAFE LANDING: An American Airlines flight from West Palm Beach, Fla., to Chicago landed safely at Miami International Airport on Friday after being diverted with nose gear trouble.Turns out my 6mt LO eats a lot more than I can produce. I was feeding him 6 oz AND we moved to solids but he's just still hungry and I was barely managing to pump that much. I've tried to increase my supply to 8 oz however I just don't pump that much so I'm now going to have to supplement with formula (and yes, he's often still hungry after I nurse him at home). For those who do that, do you add breast milk and formula together for every feeding or do you just go through all the breast milk and then move on to the formula? I'm not super upset that I'll have to supplement but I was so hoping to get through the year without doing this. Oh well, if he's hungry there isn't a whole lot I can do. Anyway, any advice on this would be greatly appreciated.
For those who supplement with formula
My LO just turned one on 3/14 and I had to start supplementing with formula when she was about 10 months. I've been doing both BM and formula together. Since my milk is drying out, there are times when she gets only formula. Thankfully she doesn't mind. Have you tried giving him formula before?
He had formula once before when he was at his grandparents house and they ran out of milk. They were giving him a lot more than what I was originally and though I know it would have happened regardless, since then he's been a milk monster!! Anyway, they gave him one bottle of formula which he seemed to be fine with.
2/24/07(MyPreemie@35wks)VUR, ADHD,EP, 8/26/10 Autism, DIAMOND B(¤)(¤) bies, and born 3/18/14 (w/ HG), TT. Gold B(¤)(¤)bies.
That might be possible, I'm not really sure on the over feeding issue. As of right now he breaks off a lot when I'm trying to feed him directly, and I think sometimes that he's just not hungry, but then at other times he just cries and cries until we give him a bottle, after my nursing him, and then he is finally quiet. All my milk bags right now are at 6 oz, but I'm really not sure if that's enough or if I should be giving more. If he is now used to this, how do I get things back on a normal footing?
kellymom.com/bf/pumpingmoms/feeding...
kellymom.com/bf/pumpingmoms/pumping...
What's on your mind?
Mumbai, Feb 20 (IANS) The share of manufacturing in the country's GDP must climb from the current 16 percent to 26 percent to address the challenges of job creation for the youth, Commerce and Industry Minister Anand Sharma said here Wednesday.
Admitting that creating jobs was a major challenge confronting the nation, Sharma said it was necessary to go back to the high rate of economic growth of around nine percent per annum. The National Manufacturing Policy will act as a key instrument to achieve this goal.
"High growth is not an option, but an imperative. The large issue is not just numbers but the social dimension. If we fail to address the issue of job creation, the social cost will be unbearable," Sharma said.
His comments came at a special CII interactive session, "Transforming India: Role of Youth" before 500 students at the St. Xaviers College here.
Sharma briefed students about the National Skill Development Mission, which plans to impart job skills to 500 million persons by 2022.
Stressing the government's seriousness to make India a major manufacturing hub, the minister said it was in the process of establishing 12 stand-alone world-class industrial townships across the country.
Of these, nine would fall within the upcoming Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor, the biggest industrial infrastructure project in the world.
Of the 12, the Dholera Industrial Centre in Gujarat would be the largest, spread over 900 square km, Sharma said, adding that master plans for seven of these projects are ready.
Emphasising the importance of technology, Sharma said that technology is leading the change in the world.
Keeping this in mind, the government has doubled expenditure on research and development from the current one percent of GDP to 2 percent, and the new IITs, IIITs, NIDs and others are being established to address the growing needs of youth, so they are prepared for technological challenges.
Predicting immense opportunities for the India in the years ahead, Sharma said that with the ageing west and with China too faced with an ageing population, India, with a large young population, would have 57 million surplus skilled workers ready to absorb job opportunities around the world.
Referring to last week's visit by French President Francoise Hollande and the ongoing trip by British Prime Minister David Cameron to Mumbai and Delhi, Sharma said: "The world is looking at us. India must capitalize on its strengths to assume global leadership in the 21st century."
Present at the CII initiative were former CII president and vice-president of Tata Steel B. Muthuraman, CEO of DMIC Amitabh Kant and St. Xaviers College Principal Fr. F. Mascarenhas.Maryn and Carina in Sbov
This week the Graber Millers visited Carina and Maryn in Sbov, a Khmer Muslim village a few minutes from Kep on the southern coast. Given the beauty of the area, the Graber Millers stayed a couple of extra days in the coastal town of Kep for a mini family vacation.
Carina and Maryn also enjoy the natural landscapes of Kep. Hills that are part of Kep National Park rise up from the Gulf of Thailand and provide challenging walking trails suitable for birding, animal-watching, and vista-viewing. Nearly every day Maryn and Carina ride to a nearby guesthouse, park their bikes, and then hike along the trails before relaxing at the beach for a short time.
Back in Sbov, which is just off the highway, Carina and Maryn teach English at the local Islamic school. Maryn’s brother-in-law, whom they refer to as Bong Rien (Older Brother Teacher), teaches Islamic history and beliefs later in the evening, and Maryn and Carina teach English for an hour each evening to beginning learners, including one brave 28-year-old who comes to classes faithfully with the school-age children.
Maryn’s family has a deep connection to Goshen’s Study-Service program in Cambodia since her host parents are the parents-in-law of Sen Marya, our local assistant in 2010 and 2013. Marya and her husband, Oumuet, made the arrangements for the women to stay in Sbov after plans for working with another NGO in nearby Kampot fell through in the days just before students left for service. Maryn lives with Oumuet’s Ma and Pa as well as one sister (Bong Srey) and a slightly younger brother, who is just finishing high school. Oumuet’s other siblings are now scattered around Cambodia.
Maryn’s family raises ducks and cows and one turkey, and they live in a concrete home with a tile floor. Maryn has her own room and gets a good diet of greens, fish, rice, and other Khmer delicacies.
Carina lives across and down the road, right on the highway, in a wooden structure. In front of their house the family runs a little shop serving neighbors and others who pass by. Carina’s family also has two cows and rice fields behind the home. Inside the house were four large bags of rice (ong-gor) that they anticipate will last the entire year, plus another large, round basket container of rice (s’rou) for next year’s planting.
Carina shares a bedroom with her two sisters, Navy (18) and Vary (21). Out the bedroom window she has a beautiful view of rice fields and cow pastures spreading for kilometers. Other neighbors and friends wander in and out of the property regularly. When Ann, Keith and Mia visited her home, Carina’s sister Vary wanted to have her photo taken with Mia, since it was so unusual to see an American girl who was born in China. Mia took most of the photos here, except for the one of her and Vary.
Both Carina and Maryn seem content in their beautiful environment. They and all of the SSTers will be back in Phnom Penh a week from today for a few days of retreating and dis-orientation.
On Saturday Ann and Keith will visit Brett and Nate here in Phnom Penh, where they have been doing their service. Watch for one more service post about them after the weekend.
Jake and Sara K in Siem Reap Province »
« Brett and Nate in Phnom Penh
Awesome pictures! Awesome experience! I really like the water catchment system, too.
Way to go once again! I’m so impressed with the way EVERYONE is working in their assignments. GO for it with the Khmer script!Keshana Burgundy Red Faux Silk Rugs
This product is no longer available.
Please use the menu on the left hand side of this page or our site search form above to locate similar products.
These traditional: Burgundy Wine, Beige, Brown & Navy
- Depth: 7mm
- Rug Backing: Woven
- Product Code: 5665-209Share: Email Was $105.95 $64.00 You save $41.95 (40%) Rating 0.00 of 5 (0 Reviews) Please Select a Size Please select your bike Color: Black Qty: Earn 64 Rider Rewards Points with The Purchase Of This Item Learn More Product Information Nolan N-Com Universal Multi Basic Kit The Universal Multi Basic Kit allows use of the N-COM communication system with any helmet (not just N-COM-ready helmets)Note: Not for use with the E-Box. Item # 37585 SKU #336787 Mfr. Part # ANCOM00000002 Product Reviews Be the first to review this product. Review It Related Links View Nolan All Nolan Communicators View All Motorcycle CommunicatorsSears, Landis excited to compete at national championships in Granby
Eric Landis thought his racing days were behind him.
A few years after giving up motocross racing, he started mountain biking with his family and found an avenue for racing again.
Landis, Noah Sears, Blake Treadway and Ross Schnell are among several Western Slope residents racing in the USA Cycling Mountain Bike National Championships that begin today at Sol Vista Resort in Granby.
Landis, who was born and raised in Grand Junction and graduated from Grand Junction High School, raced motocross for 10 years before a wrist injury ended that career.
After a couple of years, Landis decided to try racing again, this time on a mountain bike.
He quickly found success in Mountain-cross events and switched to the downhill time trials discipline last year. Mountain-cross is downhill racing in a BMX-style format.
“The skills transferred,” he said of his motocross racing. “When I raced, I won some races and moved up in class. This last step of turning pro was quite difficult. The rules are far more strict than changing categories.”
Landis was under the impression that by winning his category, he would be eligible to turn pro, but was denied. He had to be faster than any of the Category 1 racers, regardless of age, to turn pro.
“Mentally it was difficult to compete at that level,” Landis said. “This last winter, I went and trained with a specific mountain bike trainer, James Wilson, and I came out of the offseason and was able to be the fastest Category 1 on the mountain.”
That happened the first downhill race of the season in June.
Since then, he placed in the top 20 three times.
Landis, who races for Transition Bikes, is competing in the Men’s Pro downhill discipline Sunday, his 31st birthday. He won the Category 1 Mountain Cross national championship last year.
“You don’t know all the other guys, but if anybody can go that fast, so can I,” Landis said. “I try not to let it intimidate me.”
Each mountain biker gets one run in the downhill time trial event, but they get several practice runs a couple of days before the event.
“The difference between an expert (Category 1) and a pro is basically fitness,” Landis said. “I work with James on a frequent basis for six months and I have a little more fitness than (last year).”
Sears, 27, is a Colorado native, but lived in Dallas for several years. He moved to Fruita five years ago and also trains with Wilson.
He started racing about four years ago in cross-country events and switched to downhill last year.
He qualified for his first national championship last weekend at Snowmass, where he placed 10th. The top 15 at the event qualified.
“I got more and more into it,” said Sears, who races for Knolly Bikes and Serenity Acupuncture. “It’s fun. It’s a rush.” wondering... the last one I met was Stella
Last edited by lilibet; February 9th, 2012 at 04:15 PM.
Re: The last baby girl you met was named...
Laine
Matilda - Little sister to Gabriel
Ava Alexandra - Little sister to Sophia Kristine and Landon Scott
Adorable girl named Keira
Didn't meet her, but saw this name on our local DQ sign {bday message}: Cailley
I'm not sure if it's supposed to be like "callie" or "kaylee", but either way it's too many unnecessary letters!
Forum Rules<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" ><tr><td valign="top" style="font: inherit;">Ok, well the VESA driver sucked - scrolling was really slow in FF3. Switched back to the ATI driver and fixed that; then the 2nd monitor lit up, AND the monitor utility was now working - not sure what I was doing wrong before.<br><br>But both monitors are still cloned. Reading the KDE handbook, it says there's supposed to be a button to split the monitors or clone them, but it's not there.<br><br><br><br>--- On <b>Wed, 7/29] Dual monitor mode not working<br>To: testing@lists.pcbsd.org<br>Date: Wednesday, July 29, 2009, 4:33 PM<br><br><div id="yiv2062264568"><table border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0"><tbody><tr><td style="font-family: inherit; font-style: inherit; font-variant: inherit; font-weight: inherit; font-size: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-size-adjust: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; -x-system-font: none;" valign="top">I have a dual DVI video card (XFX HD-4850) ATI HD4850 and wanted to set up dual monitors. <br><br>First I selected "re-run the X setup display wizard" (amd64 system) but it displays a black screen with cursor and nothing happens. Have to power down the machine to get out and suffer the long delay of HD checking.<br><br.<br><br><a rel="nofollow" target="_blank" href="">Here's a thread</a> on the same subject where the guy ended up submitting a <a rel="nofollow" target="_blank" href="">KDE bug report</a>. He managed to get dual monitors working by <a rel="nofollow" target="_blank" href="">manually editing the xorg.conf file</a>. Running:<br><br><span style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 191);"># xrandr -q</span><br><br>Results in:<br><br><span style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 191);">Xlib: extension "RANDR" missing on display ":0.0".</span><br style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 191);"><span style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 191);">RandR extension missing</span><br><br>My xorg.conf shows two monitors but both have the same monitor brand and I have two different monitors. Is KDE/PCBSD supposed to recognize the two different monitors and set them up separately?<br><br>What I want is to have one program, say OpenOffice on one monitor, and FF3 on another. Is that possible?<br><br>...Jeff<br><>'Singularly Dishonest':
. . . And, in 1897, eight years after the land run, a handful of adventurous pioneers risked their own money — not the federal government's money — to drill Oklahoma's first oil well, the Nellie Johnstone. By doing so, these early-day pioneers changed the future and Oklahoma forever and today Oklahoma is one of the nation's key energy producers and job creators. President Obama wants us to believe that Oklahomans owe that success to the federal government — to the Department Of Energy, to the EPA, to the IRS, or maybe even to him. Mr. President, we know better. As we say in Oklahoma, that dog won't hunt..WASHINGTON (AP) -- The pilots' union at American Airlines spent $70,000 to lobby federal officials in the first quarter on issues including aviation safety, antitrust immunity and bankruptcy.The Allied Pilots Association disclosed the lobbying in an April 18 filing with the clerk of the House of Representatives.The union has previously indicated an interest in bankruptcy legislation. American's parent, Fort Worth, Texas-based AMR Corp., has lost more than $4 billion since the beginning of 2008, although analysts do not regard the company to be in any danger of filing for bankruptcy protection.It also lobbied on antitrust immunity. American received immunity for business deals with British Airways and Japan Airlines that some pilots fear could lead to a loss of jobs.The pilots' group said it lobbied the House, the Senate, the departments of State and Transportation, and the Federal Aviation Administration.A year ago, the group spent $130,000 on lobbying. It spent $60,000 in the fourth quarter of 2010.Lobbyists are required to disclose activities that could influence members of the executive and legislative branches of government under a federal law enacted in 1995.
- American Airlines
- Allied Pilots Association
- antitrust immunityKey things you need to know aboutDr. Funches-Jackson:
Dr. Funches-Jackson's Experience
Research training, expertise and qualifications
Dr. Funches-Jackson's Specialties
- Family Medicine
- View 1 specialty and 1 board certification
Procedures Dr. Funches-Jackson Performs
- Abscess Incision and Drainage
- Breast Exam
- See all 14 procedures
Conditions Dr. Funches-Jackson Treats
- Allergies
- Anxiety
- See all 19 conditions
More About Dr. Funches-Jackson's Background
MoreGet the facts on Dr. Funches-Jackson. Funches-Jackson
Likelihood of recommending Dr. Funches-Jackson to family and friends is 2.7 out of 5 5 1 26
See More Survey Results
MoreDr. Funches Point of Light Family Medicine
- Jackson's Point of Light Family Medicine
- 1810 Stadium Dr Ste 210
-ches-Jackson!
The link you entered contains bad characters or identifiers. Please enter the link exactly as it appears in your email or text message.
Thank You
This confirms that we have received your survey about Dr. Funches-Jackson. Please note: it will take 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor's profile.
Thank You
Our records show that you have already confirmed your survey for Dr. Funches-Jackson. Please note: it takes 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor’s profile.Looking for convenient, economical and secure storage in West Little Rock? Ferndale Storage is the answer! Our award-winning self-storage facilities are located at the corner of Kanis Road and Ferndale Cut Off Road, just six miles west of Chenal Parkway. A modern electronic steel gate guards the entryway to our min-storage units, which come in a variety of sizes to meet your needs, including outdoor RV and boat storage. We offer the lowest rates in Little Rock, so contact
us today for a price quote!Rhebaheba Stewart Performer Female Productions ProductionsDate of ProductionsTickle Me[Musical, Comedy, Original] Performer: Rheba Stewart [Ensemble]Aug 17, 1920 - Feb 12, 1921Florodora[Musical, Comedy, Revival] Performer: Rheba Stewart [Chorus]Apr 05, 1920 - Aug 14, 1920Sinbad[Musical, Revue, Original] Performer: Rheba Stewart [Ensemble]Feb 14, 1918 - Mar 29, 1919The Passing Show of 1915[Musical, Revue, Original] Performer: Rheba Stewart May 29, 1915 - Oct 02, 1915 Find out where Rheba Stewart and are credited together © 2001-2015, The Broadway League, All Rights Reserved. (Copyright and Disclaimer)These.
Tired of the endless searching for a 3" 2 bolt premium gasket that won't blow out? GrimmSpeed is OEM style, OEM quality without the high OEM price. All GrimmSpeed gaskets have a stainless steel fire ring to prevent leaks and breakage. Choose from the 7 layer standard sizing or the 3.5mm 13 layer twice as thick version.Mike Coppola/Getty Images for The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon," which should leave fans of the 1998 '80s throwback flick feeling super sentimental.
Check out the duet below. "Blended" hits theaters on May 23.Photograph by Gerry Broome/AP Photo
John Edwards, center, arrives at a federal courthouse with his parents Wallace and Bobbie Edwards, right, in Greensboro, N.C.
Not that anyone needed another reason to be glad they’re not John Edwards.
But here’s one you wouldn’t have noticed unless you follow the Senate very, very closely.
When Democrats proposed paying for a freeze in student-loan interest rates by requiring some professional services firms — such as law firms — to pay withholding taxes on their income, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said the proposal, S. 2343, would fix “the Gingrich/Edwards tax loophole.”
Avoiding tax bills that way “is a ruse, and we know it and the American people know it,” the No. 3 Senate Democrat, Charles Schumer, told reporters May 8, adding, “And listen to this. John Edwards actually used this bogus tax arrangement.”
Democrats also gave reporters a background document saying that Edwards had avoided about $600,000 in payroll taxes, putting the 2004 vice presidential nominee on par with Newt Gingrich, the Republican presidential aspirant and former House speaker.
This was from the party that put Edwards on its national ticket and the caucus that counted Edwards as a member.
Edwards has been on trial in North Carolina, fighting charges that secret payments to his then-mistress amounted to illegal campaign contributions.Company profile made by Panjiva
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 customer of Al Amin Medical Instrument
Suppliers of similar products from Egypt
Suppliers similar to Al Amin Medical Instrument
What features matter most to you?Millet Centre to be set up in Karnataka's Dharwad area.
Dharwad, June 3 (ANI): Having come into existence only last year in June in Hyderabad, the State capital of Andhra Pradesh, Millet Network of India (MINI) today has over 90 members in 12 States of India.
Millet Network of India (MINI) considers millets as "God's Own Crops", as it believes millets respond to multiple farming challenges being faced today. It is beneficial as it can also be grown in very harsh environment under rain-fed conditions. It requires very low or no external inputs.
It is a part of the Crops of Truth as described by the Deccan farmers. They offer multiple securities to the farmers: food, fodder, health and nutrition, livelihood and ecological. They have the capacity to respond to the latest challenges such as climate change INI's goal is to restore for millets their lost status and glory on the farming, food and cultural landscape of India.
Women have been growing millets in 5,000 acres semi-arid area in Medak District of Andhra Pradesh since 1996.
Every year, they are producing 20,000 tonnes (2 million kilograms) of surplus grains.
A part of this production is allocated for community grain bank, which runs an alternate public distribution system using this store.
Country's first millet based public distribution system has provided food security to around 50,000 families in the region.
On June 5, on the occasion of its first anniversary, Millet Network of India (MINI) is setting up a Millet Centre in Dharwad (Karnakata) and will be inaugurated at Bala Balaga campus in Malamaddi.
The centre will initiate various activities to popularise millets and restore their use in daily life.
Dr. Basavananda Swamy of Nature Therapy Centre at Siroor in Bagalkot District will inaugurate the centre.
Dr. Nirmala Enagi, Head of Food Science and Nutrition Department, Rural Home Science College, University of Agricultural Sciences, Dharwad and Dr. Shanthakumar, Associate Professor, Main Agriculture Research Station, UAS would speak on the significance of millets.
The inaugural function, co-organised by Atmadeepa, an organisation for Health and Environment, and Centre for Agricultural Media.
The other dignitaries will include convener of Millet Network of India and Director of Deccan Development Society, P.V. Sateesh and Dr. Sanjeev Kulkarni, President of Atmadeepa will be among the dignitaries who will participate in the programme.
An exhibition of millet varieties will also be held on the occasion and millet dishes will also be served. (ANI)
Provided by Syndigate.info an Albawaba.com company
Reader OpinionNDI is an American based organisation with an established project in Nicaragua on the Island of Ometepe.
Partnership commenced with OHO in 2011 when NDI representatives expressed interest in OHO’s Holistic Primary Health Care (HPHC) model. Dr Tabatha Parker, NDI Director, has since formally implemented HPHC as the organisations guiding healthcare policy, calling it “the most thorough, cutting edge policy on the planet”. OHO has also commenced sending international aid packages to the Nicaraguan project, and has also created small micro-finance grants to support their work.Since 2005, the NDI naturopathic clinic has provided over 15,000 patients with free health care services by volunteer naturopathic physicians. They have secured nearly $500,000 USD of medicines for distribution in the community. OHO is currently supporting NDI’s bid to gain UN association and has formally agreed to collaborate on all future international advocacy issues.There are just so many good infographics and interactives out there that I’m starting:
Deconstructing The ISS is a neat interactive about the International Space Station from The Washington Post. I’m adding it to The Best Sites For Learning About Planets & Space.
What chemical weapons does Syria have? is an infographic from The Washington Post. I’m adding it to The Best Resources For Learning About Chemical Weapons.
Sea Change: The Pacific’s Perilous Turn is an impressive interactive from The Seattle Times. I’m adding it to The Best Sites For Learning About The World’s Oceans.
Education Policies, by State is an informative interactive from The Wall Street Journal.
I’m adding these next two infographics to The Best Resources For Teaching & Learning About World Water Day:
I’m adding this next infographic to The Best Sites For ELL’s To Learn About The Dangers Of Smoking:
I’m adding this infographic to The Best Resources For Learning About World Malaria Day:...How.Don't you hate it how Horowitz minces words and suffers fools gladly? was a wicked man and his life’s work was a pernicious influence on the young and ignorant, with destructive consequences for people everywhere.
Sunday, January 31, 2010
Now He's a Buried 'Treasure'
The NYT's Bob Herbert calls late Marxist historian Howard Zinn "a radical treasure." Former radical David Horowitz has a somewhat different take:
Posted by scaramouche at 8:53 AM
3 comments:
Best headline of the day;)
Hey, thanks.
I can hardly wait for Chomsky to croak. I'd like to piss on their graves.$10.99
Faith, Brotherhood, and the (Un)Making of TerroristsTerrorists,
$19.99
In Gods We Trust: The Evolutionary Landscape of Religion
Evolution and Cognition SeriesThis
.
$9.99
National Defense Intelligence College Paper: Y: The Sources of Islamic Revolutionary Conduct - Islamic Ressentiment, bin Laden, al-Qaida, Mohammad, Palestine, Comparison to ChristianityThis unique and informative paper was produced by the National Intelligence University / National Defense Intelligence College. Topics and subjects include: Islamic ressentiment, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaida, Mussawi, Mohammad, Palestine, the Enlightenment, Socrates, Wilsonian idealism, Sayyid Qutb, Fitra, Qur'anic doctrine, Soteriology, Jihad, the creation of Israel, Suez Crisis, Ummah, 9/11,
$22.95?"
$10.49
The Educational Role of the Family
The Harris Meltzer Trust SeriesThis been published as an independent work in English,
$13.59
The Burden Of American Power In A Violent World
$23.79
Terror Networks in the Twenty-First Century
$10.69
Reflections on Lebanon and the Middle EastFrom’ main purpose is to send a simple message: no one
$13.99
Power, Politics, and the Clash of Arab Civilizationspeople can get live results of Rajasthan assembly 2008 elections by visiting available link. By visiting the link available below, people can find all information related to assembly election results of Rajasthan. People can find complete list of number of winning, trailing and losing candidates’ party wise by visiting this link. Live update will start 8 AM tomorrow. People can find all necessary information related to results as soon they become available.
Visit latest posts of this Blog
Or visit
Live results Rajasthan Assembly Election 2008
Or visit- Live assembly election Results 2008 (Delhi, MP, Chhattishgarh & Rajasthan)Hey All!
I made E, a dress that is patriotic themed but not "stars and stripes-4th of July" so She could wear it more than once ; ) I am crossing my fingers and hoping that it will still fit Her in December when We go back to Disney World. We shall see.
Now these cupcakes were Swiss chocolate cakewith cream cheese frosting (the Hub's fave) And the cupcake decor was something I was able to print online. E had so much fun taping these to the toothpicks, She tried to eat one!
This was the table setting for 4th of July. We didn't have any visitors over, the Hubs worked that day, so I just grilled hamburgers inside, and cooked a bunch of vegetables.And the sweets. Oh the sweets, let me tell ya'!
For E's dress, I just used a basic gathered dress, but made my own pattern for the apron, and I was surprised how easily it came together. I think one of my favorite details is the 2 star cutouts on the apron front, which are cream. I sewed about 1/4 in. from the edge around the star with red thread to give some contrast and once it was washed the edges frayed so now it has a shabby chic look and makes them look even better.
Crazy Momma.Commissioners talk more budget
By Steve Herring
Published in News on June 18, 2013 1:46 PM
Suggested cuts to the county's proposed $161 million budget took a back seat to rhetoric Monday as Republicans and Democrats on the Wayne County Board of Commissioners sparred over transportation, hiring a part-time receptionist for the county's Senior Center and...
Please log in to see full story.Clubs and Hobbies on the Treasure Coast Updated August 2.
Friends of the Loxahatche River: Presentation on Northern Everglades Restoration Project. Noon Aug. 2. River Center, 805 N. U.S. 1, Jupiter. RSVP: 561-743-7123; loxahatcheeriver.org/rivercenter..
SATURDAY
Treasure Coast Model Railroad Club: HO scale, DCC model RR. 10 a.m.-noon. 273 S.W. Becker Road, Port St. Lucie. New members are welcome. 772-621-9636; tcmrr.org.
Vero Beach Veterans Club: Dinner, dance, music by Marshall VanDuran. 6-10 p.m., Aug. 3. Vero Beach Veterans Club, 2500 15th Ave., Vero Beach. Reservation: 772-778-1299."There is no standing still because time is moving forward." - Greg Lake
U.S. stocks closed mixed last week as the S&P 500 (NYSEARCA:SPY) ended flat while the Russell 2000 (NYSEARCA:IWM) fell slightly on what appears to be a stalling out of the U.S. centric bull market of 2013. Better economic data on the housing side with new home sales rising to a 5 year high does not seem to be translating through to Homebuilder stocks, which closed down on average 3.8%. Higher gas prices, slowing refi activity, and a bump up in initial jobless claims may serve as major headwinds going forward which Homebuilder stocks (NYSEARCA:XHB) are paying attention to, as U.S. broader markets continue their honey-badger-don't-care ways. Against this backdrop, Europe manufacturing expanded for the first time in two years, while China's fell to an 11 month low. Europe (NYSEARCA:VGK) ended the week on average up 1.15%, outpacing the U.S. on that better than expected news. China (NYSEARCA:FXI)? Ahead by 2.9% on worse than expected news.
Last week may mark a major change in mentality. Ignoring Japan (NYSEARCA:DXJ) for the moment, the U.S. has been the standout performer in 2013, as pretty much everything else around it has lagged badly and performed more in line with historical behavior during deflationary pulses, which have defined the year based on intermarket trend movement. The "Great Rotation" out of bonds seems to be going more into cash rather than stocks, while money may be on the verge of rotating away from domestic equities and more towards international ones. For us and our ATAC models used for managing our mutual fund and separate accounts, we positioned into emerging markets given improved relative momentum, and price behavior.
Whether the move into emerging markets will last or not remains to be seen. As I noted in my Marketwatch writings last week, the U.S. market is historically very overbought given the pace of the advance. Emerging markets, on the other hand, are lagging by the most since 1998 when an actual crisis and event took place. No such scenario has played out in 2013, indicating a significant overreaction in performance differentials. Any kind of mean reversion, which may be about to begin, could result in hefty gains for those areas of the stock market overseas which have not participated in the U.S. rally. To simply get back to the ratio level of mid-May when the taper spasm began, emerging markets would have to outperform the U.S. by about 1000 basis points. I have been very purposeful in saying the emerging market trade is the "next fat pitch" - for us, we are now taking a swing.
The ultimate question all year has been "who is right?" The U.S. stock market has run away without fear of deflationary headwinds, while everything else has been muted. The length of time that emerging markets in particular have performed poorly, combined with the focus on the Dow, likely makes any trade there a good contrarian call. Even if U.S. markets were to begin a correction, there is considerably more cushion in Brazil (NYSEARCA:EWZ), Russia (NYSEARCA:RSX), India (NYSEARCA:INP), and China (NYSEARCA:PGJ) given their negative year to date performance and cheaper valuation ratios than the comparatively more extended U.S. That means it is entirely possible they could generate gains and buck any downward pressure that could come from concerns over housing that investors in homebuilder stocks seem to be expressing.
This has been an odd year for anyone who did anything other than a leveraged buy and hold position in the U.S. market. I caution on thinking such a strategy works going forward, especially from an opportunity cost perspective of rotating to areas which have more upside potential. The expression "you are only as good as your last trade" is nonsense. You are only as good as your process. We have full faith in our backtested inflation rotation strategies, and remain excited for how the remainder of 2013 could play.The Victoria Advocate last weekend announced the Victoria All-Area and Corpus Christi All South Texas softball teams. Their selections included seven Lady Eagles., Kaitlin McCool, Mallory Jessop, Samantha Lopez, Melissa Cisneros, Megan Carter, Chelsea Bluemel and Cassie Blaschke.
One of the girls, Kaitlin McCool is one of only four players in class 1A to be selected to play in the Texas Girls Coaches Association All Star game on Tuesday, July 14 at The University of Texas in Austin at McCombs Softball Field.
Kaitlin will represent the East team consisting of 1A - 3A players from throughout Texas. Pre-game is 4 p.m. and game time is 4:30.
McCool had a batting average of .629, 49 runs scored, eight doubles, eight triples and 4 home runs. Kaitlin also had 29 runs batted in, 36 stolen bases and 9 bases on balls and on base average of.658 this season. McCool was selected TSWA 2nd team; All-State catcher; and 1st team All-Area.
Jessop batted .449, 26 runs scored, 7 doubles. She had 21 runs batted in and swiped 18 bases. She had 4 bases on balls an on-base average of .473, slugging percentage of .528 and a fielding average of .625. Jessop was selected TSWA 2nd team All-State Outfielder and 2nd Team All-South Texas Outfielder.
Lopez had a batting average of .478, 21 runs scored, with 6 doubles, two triples and 15 RBI’s. Sam had 4 stolen bases, two walks, and on base average of .489. Sam had a .589 slugging and a fielding percentage of .861. Lopez was selected TSWA 2nd team All-State second baseman. Cisneros was the Lady Eagles designated/utility player for this season. “Pumpkin,” as she is known, batted .383, scoring 19 runs, hitting two doubles, one triple, 15 runs batted in, 6 stolen bases, and 7 walks. Her on base average was .431, and a slugging percentage of .426. Melissa was selected TSWA 3rd Team All-State Designated/Utility Player.
Carter batted .606 with 26 runs score, 18 doubles, 2 triples, 3 homeruns, 39 runs batted in, six stolen bases, three bases on balls, on base average of .619, and a slugging percentage of .911. Carter’s pitching stats for the 2009 season included 21 wins and 11 losses. innings pitched 182, strike outs- 253, base on balls-81, hits allowed-120, runs Allowed-102, Earned Runs 24, ERA - 0.921. Carter was selected TSWA Honorable Mention All-State pitcher, 2nd Team All-South Texas pitcher, and Honorable Mention All-Area pitcher.
Bluemel batted .449, scoring 36 runs, 3 doubles, and 3 triples. Bluemel had 31 RBI’s. Bluemel had 20 stolen bases and 10 bases on balls. Chelsea also had an on base average of .496, slugging percentage of .533, and a fielding percentage of .734. Bluemel is an Honorable Mention All-Area short stop.
Blaschke batted .326, scoring 10 times, three doubles, two stolen bases and 10 runs batted in, slugging percentage of .457 and an on base average of .340.
Blaschke was selected Honorable Mention All-Area first baseman.Jewelry, Knightdale, NC
Knightdale Pawn
823 N Smithfield Rd, Knightdale, NC 27545
>
American Gold Exchange & Pawn Inc
3404 Poole Rd, Raleigh, NC 27610
>
CMI Jewelry Showroom
4630 Paragon Park Rd, Raleigh, NC 27616
>
Bangles & Beads Antique And Vintage Jewelry
Banglesandbeadsonline Com, Knightdale, NC 27545
.0 Miles
"Thank you for your excellent service, Susan! Lori">
Haydon & Company
1803 Oberlin Rd, Raleigh, NC 27608
9.8 Miles
"When I wanted to have 2 rings that I no longer wore redone, I spoke to their Goldsmith Rod K...">
Fine Jewelry By Vincent
335 E Main St, Clayton, NC 27520
9.6 Miles
"Vincent and his wife Sue are much more than Jewelers.Thier jewelry and prices are incredable...">
Main St Jewelers Clayton NC
236 E Main St, Clayton, NC 27520
9.5 Miles
"Very knowledgeable staff and offer repairs to watches and clocks. Prices very reasonable.">
Vianna Jewelers
1839 S Main St, Wake Forest, NC 27587
11.5 Miles
"great service, my wedding ring lost a diamond and some prongs were gone too. the jeweler did...">
6.3 Miles
"Trade it store at Capital Blvd. Raleigh What a rip off! I sold some good stuff here and the...">
Swift's Fine Jewelry
210 Hinton Oaks Blvd Ste D, Knightdale, NC 27545
2.2 Miles
>
East Raleigh Jewelry & Loans
823 N Smithfield Rd, Knightdale, NC 27545
.5 Miles
>
Gold Buyer Jewelry Exchange
6727 Knightdale Blvd, Knightdale, NC 27545
1.3 Miles
>
Knightdale Pawn
823 N Smithfield Rd, Knightdale, NC 27545
1.1 Miles
>
Jared - Galleria Of Jewelry
6100 Capital Blvd, Raleigh, NC 27616
7.8 Miles
>
CMI Jewelry Showroom
4630 Paragon Park Rd, Raleigh, NC 27616
8.2 Miles
>
KAY Jewelers
5959 Triangle Town Blvd Suite 1088 Ste 1088, Raleigh, NC 27616
7.5 Miles
>
Friendship Jewelry And Loan Inc.
2829 Wendell Blvd, Wendell, NC 27591
5.8 Miles
>
National Jewelry & Pawn
2751 Capital Blvd, Raleigh, NC 27604
6.9 Miles
>New Archbishop of Liverpool tomorrow? Here's who I think it could beMore results...
Rachel A. Cohen updated their location 2 years, 3 months ago
Nepal: Earthquake 2015 Situation Report No. 17 from Nepal 2015 Earthquake Response
World Health Organization Situation report No. 17 from Nepal 2015 Earthquake Response
Growing up in Conflict – The Hague Symposium (26-28 May, 2015) Brochure from Growing Up In Conflict
Nepal: Who does What Where When (4W) as of May 15, 2015 from Nepal 2015 Earthquake Response
Nepal Earthquake: Health Cluster Coordination Meeting from Nepal 2015 EarthquakeAcademia's Anti-Fat Problem.
"Dear obese PhD applicants: if you don't have the willpower to stop eating carbs, you won't have the willpower to do a dissertation #truth"
That tweet from University of New Mexico evolutionary psychology professor Geoffrey Miller ignited uproar last week. Criticism of Miller was swift and powerful—national media and his department chair Jane Ellen Smith (who herself does research on eating disorders and body image) called out Miller's fat-shaming. At first, the professor defended himself, saying that getting a PhD is "about willpower/conscientiousness, not smarts" but he quickly deleted the original tweets, replacing them with "sincere apologies to all for that idiotic, impulsive, and badly judged tweet." He then added that "obviously my previous tweet does not represent the selection policies of any university, or my own selection criteria." He went on to claim that his tweets were actually part of a research project, designed to measure reaction to outrageous posts.
Certainly it's understandable that many see this as a cautionary tale for the new media age: prominent professor taken down by a few seconds of thoughtless commentary on twitter. But this is about more than a nasty tweet. First, Miller's comments provide us with a clear window onto the daily and pernicious discrimination that fat people face. When reading his note on his UNM webpage that he is looking for "bright, motivated, conscientious students" for his psychology lab, one can easily infer the invisible words, "No fat students need apply."
Scholars like Rebecca Puhl and Sondra Solovay have found clear evidence of weight discrimination and bias in employment and higher education. Professor Miller's tweets give those studies a visceral punch, allowing us to clearly see and feel the discrimination that can be easily hidden behind words like "bright, motivated and conscientious." In other words, a fat PhD candidate cannot, according to Miller, be bright, motivated and conscientious" because he already knows that a fat person is inferior to a thin person.
Miller wrote that "obese PhD applicants" will fail because of a lack of "willpower" and "conscientiousness." This misconception didn't arise out of the blue. These ideas are deeply rooted in the origins of 19th century scientific racism—the same school of thought that provided "evidence" that black people were "biologically" inferior and thus required white paternalism and that women were physically and mentally weaker and similarly deserved patriarchal control. The eminent scientist Georges Cuvier even performed an illegal autopsy on an African woman by the name of Sara Baartman (more commonly known as the Venus Hottentot) to "investigate" whether she was indeed human, or, rather, one of the "missing links" between humans and apes. He concluded that she was indeed "human," but not until he had classified all the characteristics that confirmed her inferiority. Along with other suspect bodily signs—dark skin, female genitalia—he frequently mentioned her fat, a clear sign of her atavistic traits, "proving" that she harbored uncivilized characteristics. Other scientists—such as the well-known criminologist Cesare Lombroso concurred, identifying fat as a clear sign of bodily inferiority, of one's lower place on the evolutionary scale.
This contemporary evolutionary psychologist, Geoffrey Miller, so well known for his work on the "biological" pull for smart phones and human mating patterns, has in his unrestrained tweets, pulled back the cover on supposed scientific neutrality. As scholars Michael Gard and Jan Wright have argued, "evolution" often gets evoked without any real scientific evidence, especially when making claims about the "thrifty gene" or other such dubious "proof" of the characteristics of fat people.
Along with encouraging a marvelous outpouring among fat activists (see especially Cat Pause's Fuck Yeah! Fat Phds) Fuckyeahfatphds.tumblr.com, Geoffrey Miller's tweets may have served a good purpose: to illuminate the continuing and insidious power of the belief in the evolutionary inferiority of fatness. We have to be able to see it to fight it.
Amy Erdman Farrell is the author of Fat Shame: Stigma and the Fat Body in American Culture and teaches at Dickinson College.
Related Article: Sized Up: Why Fat is a Queer and Feminist)
Evolutionary psychologists
Evolutionary psychologists appear to me to be inherently sexist. If they're not tweeting B.S. like this they're pathetically hitting on coeds and being completely inappropriate #truth
And then you try to cover it
And then you try to cover it up by saying it was all an experiment... the bigger question is how did you get into academia?
Oh, please
I didn't even have to read past the first sentence. Evolutionary Psychology is a pseudoscience. That person has as much of a right talking about a dissertation as I do calling myself santa clause. Bitch, please. He needs to write me 100 pages on how his outburst was caused by the male evolutionary pattern to prefer to be a dick while on twitter, and he can back it up in the usual evolutionary psychology way--circular reasoning and straw man.
#truth #psychologymajor
This poor fellow should have a chance to defend himself
In case anyone is interested in having a stimulating debate, one could perhaps shoot this gentleman an email, or give him a call: [email protected], and his work phone is (505)-277-1967.
Is it just me....
... Or does evolutionary psychology seem to exist entirely to justify prejudices?
Sure seems like every time I
Sure seems like every time I hear it, it is dragged out for just
that purpose.
#firegeoffreymiller
Great recap! I'd love to share my own:
this prof has bought into the
this prof has bought into the "diet" "weight loss" industry's propaganda -
such a narrow minded view!
he needs to be replaced by someone with a fully functioning brain!
What's wrong with this
What's wrong with this professor?
His tweet is not very smart.George Wright, a hijacker on the run from US justice for four decades, has lived for at least 20 years near a beautiful beach in Portugal with his local wife and two children, neighbours said yesterday.
The fugitive 1970s militant enjoyed an idyllic life in the village of Almocageme, 45km (28 miles) west of Lisbon, before being taken into custody on Monday at the request of the US government.
Villagers learned that the family man who lived and worked among them was a convicted murderer who carried out one of the most brazen hijackings in history.
Fluent in Portuguese, Wright had worked a series of odd jobs, most recently as a nightclub bouncer, said two neighbours.
He was married to 55-year-old Maria do Rosario Valente, the daughter of a retired Portuguese army officer, and the couple have two children, now in their early 20s. It was unclear how he ended up in Portugal.
Wright was convicted of the 1962 murder of petrol station owner Walter Patterson, a decorated World War II veteran shot during a robbery in New Jersey.
The prisoner escaped from a New Jersey jail in 1970 and was one of the Black Liberation Army members who hijacked a US Delta flight from Detroit to Miami in 1972. Wright, who was dressed as a priest, and the hijackers released the 86 passengers in return for a $1million ransom and had the plane flown to Algeria.
A US fugitive task force found him through a fingerprint on his Portuguese ID.I've loved the story this week about Helen Collins, who landed a twin-engine plane in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin after her husband collapsed and died.
The media did her a great disservice in originally portraying her as a woman who didn't know how to fly. She did. She'd actually soloed in an airplane (though not a twin) although she never got her pilot certificate.
She apparently did so at the insistence of her husband, who wanted her protected in case something happened to her.
WBAY in Green Bay has made the entire incident available. Click here to listen to it and you'll notice at one point she complained about too many instructions, "and I'm forgetting about flying." A good lesson, indeed, to remember to fly the airplane.
For you pilots who have a non-flying spouse, you should consider the Pinch Hitter Course. It's pretty cheap insurance.
Two things struck me: Helen seemed pretty collected and composed during the ordeal. The people on the ground trying to help were disorganized and could easily have confused someone less prepared.Instead… [Read More…]
Donde esta Santa Claus?
I decided to take a bit of a blogging break after completing NaBloPoMo in November. I didn’t post for 4 whole days. I have to admit, I kind of went into withdrawal. I wrote stuff for clients and all, but I actually missed posting daily. Anyway, today I decided to use a writing prompt from… [Read More…]
Merry Christmas (Wham! Style)
I,… [Read More…]
Add to my Christmas Music Mix!
Last… [Read More…]
Christmas Music Memories
Music… [Read More…]Canonical announced the immediate availability for download and testing of the second Beta release for the upcoming Kubuntu 13.04 (Raring Ringtail) operating system.
Kubuntu 13.04 Beta 2 (Raring Ringtail) has been launched along with Ubuntu 13.04 Beta 2, and it seem to pack the most features, in comparison with the other releases.
Highlights of Kubuntu 13.04 Beta 2 (Raring Ringtail):
• The distribution is based on KDE Plasma and Applications 4.10.1. This means that a new screen locker, Qt Quick notifications, color correction in Gwenview, and faster indexing in the semantic desktop, have been added as new features;
• KDE Plasma and Applications 4.10.2 will be available shortly after this Beta release;
• Muon Suite 2 has been added in the distribution and introduces support for installing Plasma widgets found in KDE's KNewStuff framework from within Software Center and Muon Discover;
• Rekonq 2 has received an upgrade and it now supports in-line spell checking;
• Homerun, a full screen alternative to the Kickoff application menu, is now available;
• New screen management tools has been added, making it easy to attach and unattach extra monitors;
• A new font from KDE's artists has been added and it's called Oxygen Sans Font;
• Krita, the painting application used in Kubuntu, is now new calculations library Vc, making it twice as fast as before;
• LibreOffice has been updated to version 4.0.1.2;
• Kubuntu should now be able to support UEFI Secure Boot, a standard for controlling what software can be run on a computer;
• Linux kernel was updated to version 3.8.0-12.21, which is based on the upstream v3.8-rc6 Linux kernel.
Check out the official announcement for a complete list of changes and improvements.
Download Kubuntu 13.04 Beta 1 right now from Softpedia. Remember that this is a development version and it should NOT be installed on production machines. It is intended for testing purposes only.To melt the baking chips in the microwave, place them in small microwavable bowl with the shortening. Microwave uncovered on High 30 to 60 seconds, stirring every 15 seconds, until melted. If the mixture starts to firm up while dipping the cookies, simply microwave 10 to 15 seconds to melt again.29 HERE Local 2
Hotel Workers Fight for Their Union
Picture < > Next picture
Return to Local 2 Gallery
29 HERE Local 2 - Hotel Workers Fight for Their Union
Rev. Lloyd Wake and Fr. Louis Vitale try to convince the manager of the
Mark Hopkins hotel that he should permit workers to return to their jobs.
The hotel, along with the thirteen other class A hotels negotiating with
the union, refused to end the lockout.
photographs and stories by David Bacon © 1990-1999
website by DigIt Designs © 1999Nourish International Austin.
Related Topics
No related content for this tag.
Feb. 16, 2012
The Aspen Institute Announces LBJ School Professor Chris King as Ascend FellowRead more
Feb. 19, 2010
Professors discuss violence in Latin America in Q&ARead more
Oct. 5, 2009
About 70 Percent of New High School Principals Leave Within Five Years, Study SaysRead more
March 23, 2009
Anti-poverty project points the way toward a new model for moving people from welfare to workRead more
May 13, 2008
Gift for William H. Crook Chair in International Affairs Will Fund Research on Economic DevelopmentRead more
Jan. 29, 2008
Welfare Reform in Texas Has Not Worked, According to University of Texas at Austin ResearchersRead more
Aug. 2, 2012
Saving the DeltaRead more
Jan. 9, 2012
Measuring energy efficiency at homeRead more
Nov. 21, 2011
Public interest designRead more
Nov. 4, 2011
Researchers aim to build a better futureRead more
Oct. 20, 2011
Poll: Americans aren't optimistic about energyRead more
Oct. 4, 2011
Fuels from the sunRead more
Sept. 22, 2011
Momentum builds at UT for sustainability initiativesRead more
Sept. 21, 2011
The big question in sustainable developmentRead more
Aug. 12, 2011
Landscaping with Austin's climate in mindRead more
July 29, 2011
Change by designRead more
Featured Articles
© The University of Texas at Austin 2015Idaho Vandals Face the Florida Gators: Week 1 NCAA Football Odds and Pick
vs
The Idaho Vandals will be looking to pick up a win and cover the spread when they take on the Gators in Florida at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium on Saturday in Week 1 action.
Idaho Vandals vs Florida Gators Opening Odds and Betting Line
Odds makers at 5Dimes opened the Florida Gators as -33: Idaho Vandals vs Florida Gators Pick
Odds Shark computer prediction formulas pick a 22--2 win for the Gators on Saturday. View the computer score prediction and who will win the pick on the moneyline for all upcoming NCAAF matchups here.
Idaho Vandals vs Florida Gators Odds and Stats.
Team Betting Records & Power Rankings
Florida will face the 1-11 Idaho Vandals, who own a 3-9 ATS mark on the season. In totals betting, the Florida Gators are 4-8 so far this season while the Vandals are 7-5. Stay Informed: follow us on Twitter for odds specials, betting line moves and Florida vs Idaho injuries news.
According to the Power Rankings here at Odds Shark it's the No. 75-rated Florida Gators and the No. 123-rated Idaho Vandals in this matchup.
ADVERTISEMENT:
How Idaho Vandals vs Florida Gators Stats Matchup
Offensively, the game matches up the Florida Gators No. 114-ranked offense (18.83 PPG) against a Idaho Vandals defense that ranks No. 125 at 46.75 PPG. The Florida Gators passing attack has averaged 170.92 yards per game, less than the Idaho Vandals give up through the air (315.83 YPG on average).
Defensively, the Idaho Vandals feature the league's No. 118-rated road run defense, allowing 251 yards per game. Florida, meanwhile, ranks No. 66 in rushing offense at home..
In their last action, Florida was a 37-7 loser at home against Florida State. They failed to cover the 28.5-point spread as underdogs, while the combined score (44) was profitable news for UNDER bettors. Florida didn�t make much of a game of it last time out, losing to the Seminoles as Florida State blasted them 37-7 in Week 14 action.
Next Betting Matchups
Idaho at Louisiana-Monroe, Saturday, September 6th
Florida home to Eastern Michigan, Saturday, September 6thChoose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 41 other languages.
Most often used by people in the United States
All languages
FREE cancellation on most rooms!
Instant confirmation when you reserve
(2.1 miles from Las Barracas)
Excellent
Score from 324 reviews
There are 7 people looking at this hotel.
(2.4 miles from Las Barracas)
Very good
Score from 211 reviews
There are 3 people looking at this condo hotel.
(2.5 miles from Las Barracas)
Very good
Score from 43 reviews
(3.9 miles from Las Barracas)
Very good
Score from 310 reviews
There are 2 people looking at this condo hotel.
(4.1 miles from Las Barracas)
Very good
Score from 507 reviews
There are 13 people looking at this hotel.
(4.8 miles from Las Barracas)
Good
Score from 274 reviews
There are 8.To the Readers’ Forum: The Boy Scouts of America chose to uphold traditional Christian moral values and they are facing criticism for doing so....
« Back to Article »
some parents would.
1.
0 Agrees | 3 Disagrees |
Report Abuse »
 »
Howard you are deluded. Don't bother trying to explain how it takes a racist to commit a crime against gays.
"Maddog80, I have ALL of my tax-related receipts back to 1978. I want to thank YOU, as you paid for a good share of my formal education, as a taxpayer."
More wasteful government spending.
"The only problem is, it is not immoral to be "black," "Christian," "Jewish" or "blind". It is immoral to be gay."
Hitler thought it was immoral to be Jewish. Radical Muslims think its immoral to be Christian. The KKK thinks it is immoral to be Black. It all depends on what foggy, cracked lens you are viewing the situation with.
When I was in the service, homosexuality was forbidden. Later it was don't ask, don't tell, now it's fine. Next, it not only will be part of your sensitivity training, they will be on the short list for promotion because they had been oppressed for so long.
3 Agrees | 4 Disagrees |
Report Abuse ».
Preacher Arrested in UK For Calling Homosexuality Sinful
London, England, May 4, 2010 / 08:36 am is
Maddog80, I have ALL of my tax-related receipts back to 1978. I want to thank YOU, as you paid for a good share of my formal education, as a taxpayer. It's rough being a pack-rat with OCD.
1 Agrees | 1 Disagrees |
Report Abuse »
PO Box 3386 , Jamestown, NY 14702-3386 | 716-487-1111
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicySAN FRANCISCO, California. November 17. KATE Greene of Nashville, Tennessee won the 2011 Adventure Swim Contest for her planned adventure swim from the east coast of American, starting in Tennessee to the west coast, ending in California
In a difficult choice among 57 applicants from 9 countries, Greene was selected for her Kate Adventure Swim, an adventure that consists of many individual swims across America.
She plans to swim her way across the United States by doing a 1-3 mile open water swim in every American state between Tennessee and California.
For more information, click here.Sul – Olarune 1st, 999 YK
Sunday – February 1st, 999 YK
Ahti feels the sensation of rocking as if… yes… he thinks… he is on a ship… but how did he get there he wonders.
Opening his eyes, he sees that along with his companions, he has been chained to the floor in what looks to be a hold of a ship. Several undead guards walk between the rows of captured mortals.
He notes that next to him on either side are his companions, Moyshanna to the left and Morthos to the right. Across from him are several half-orcs along with what looks to be some house Lyrandar troops.
A door opens to the hold and two undead enter dragging an unconscious Kohl.
“Looks like they found him.” Morthos snickers.
The undead drag Kohl over and chain him next to Morthos and leave again without a word.
The manacles caused everyone to be hunched over, although they were chained by the neck to the wall behind them, a short chain led through their hand shackles and then down to their ankles.
Kohl groans.
“Well it’s good that he lives.” Morthos says, a slight smile draws across the devilish features of the undead tiefling.
“Is it? His insistence on raising his cousin still baffles me, we should rebuild our numbers and complete our task” Moyshanna insists.
“Kohl and his cousin have proven to me their usefulness. Kohl has promised to help us so long as I help him with his own quest. Besides, finding those of the same talents and strengths would be too costly and their loyalty in constant question. We have neither the coin nor the time to develop new relationships that I have built with the two Kael.” His statement had a ring of finality to it that hinted to Moyshanna that this conversation would not be repeated again.
“Kohl? Kohl is that you?” The question came from one of the half-orcs chained across from the group.
Kohl’s head rolls from side to side, his mercurial eyes open, blinking heavily as he tries to take in his immediate surroundings.
“Huh? Where am…” Kohl’s voice trails off briefly. “Taveah… by Torval’s holy light, save her my lord.” Kohl’s incoherent prayers echo briefly as his words are lost amongst the cries of other prisoners.
“Kohl, there is a half-orc that appears to know you.” Morthos eyes the Tharashk Half-Orc across from him as he tries to wake his friend.
“Kohl, it is me, Kerrick Brokentusk!” The half-orc calls out once more.
“Wai… what? Kerrick? How did… where am I?” Kohl’s eyes finally fully open as he looks around.
““Aboard a Karrnathi warship, we are prisoners of Karnath.”_ Morthos answers his friend.
Kohl shakes his head, clearing the fog, he focuses on thehalf orc in front of him. “Kerrick? It is good to see you, what are you doing here!?”
“It is good to see you as well. We came for the siberys stone, and to search for the one tortured by shadow.” Kerrik says.
“Well it would appear you found both, Karnath has the stoneI presume and…” Kohl looks to Morthos, who displays a displeased face and nods to Ahti, “Ahti here is always tortured by shadow.”
I thought you were the one. Kohl opens a telepathic link with Morthos.
I believe I am, but so does Ahti, and I am wanted by House Tharashk!
Kohl nods.
“Well we have succeeded. We now know where both are. I think we can call this a day and go home, what do you think?” Kerrik laughs.
“Somehow I don’t think that will be the case my friend. On another note, Taveah fell in battle.” Kohl’s demeanor becomes darker and more serious.
“I am sorry to hear that friend.”
The conversation dies off and silence takes over for several days until this ship docks in a port.
Sul – Olarune 15th, 999 YK
Sunday – February 15th, 999 YK
From outside, sounds of a bustling city can be heard. Morthos thinks he overhears something that places the group in Stormhome.
A group of undead guards comes down stairs and leads the group of Lyrander captives out.
“Speak with Captain d’Lyrandar of the Sea Tiger, tell him we are here!” Kohl yells to the Lyrander captives. All but one of the captives keeps their heads down, the last in line turns his head slightly.
“I will brother,” is the only response the captive says before exiting the hold.
The remaining captives sit in silence, as the ship disembarks from the port and sets sail once again to an unknown destination.
Wir – Olarune 18th, 999 YK
Wednesday – February 18th 999 YK
[Another Siberys shard falls somewhere over Khorvaire. Worshippers of Dol Dorn and the Mockery say their gods have abandoned them.]
[The people of Eberron begin to fear that the doomsayers are correct and that the end times draw near. Riots and crime increase throughout cities. The Cults of the Dragon Below become more brazen after their membership numbers begin to increase due to the growing chaos.]
Far – Olarune 20th, 999 YK
Friday – February 20th, 999 YK
[Another Siberys shard falls. House Cannith reports its Clerics can no longer feel the presence of Onatar.]
[The dragonshards that power the raillines throughout Khorvaire suffer from an unknown magical instability. House Orien suffers a major political blow after several tragic lightning rails crash as a result of the failing dragonshards. Hundreds perish as a result of the crashes. Many raillines are closed down, causing massive trade and economic issues.]
Sul – Olarune 22nd, 999 YK
Sunday – February 22nd, 999 YK
Several more days pass before the captives hear signs again of a port. The ship slows and eventually stops. An hour after the ship pulls into port, guards enter the hold, throwing hoods overthe captives heads, their shackles are disengaged from the walls, feet and handshackles disconnected from each other, allowing for the weak, malnourished prisoners to shuffle, single file, up onto the deck.
It doesn’t take long for any of the prisoners to realize where they are, Korth, the capital of Karrnath. The group is led off the ship and into an awaiting wagon. The wagon moves through the city and up a hill coming to a stop. Sounds of military soldiers can be heard practicing combat.
The group is led indoors and down several flights of stairs and one by one, moved into an individual cell, after they are once again shackled to the wall, their hood is then removed.Tomorrow, Eastern District gallery in Bushwick opens Plenty of Room on the Couch, a summer show from a disparate group of artists. The exhibition of work, all priced at $300 or less, opens from 7 to 10 PM and is on view through July 19 at 43 Bogart Street.
Images by Amandalynn and Dan TaylorAn old friend if mine contacted me today asking for help in placing her three horses. This is a fairly urgent situation and time is of the essence. I promised her I would do my best to try to help. Please no nasty comments. These are not my horses and I am only trying to help with an unfortunate situation. Ideally my friend would like them to stay together but given the circumstances might separate.
10 yr old Reg Paint gelding, probably around 15.2 hands. She's had him since he was a weanling. Started under saddle by a professional trainer at 2 yrs old but was diagnosed with ringbone after about 60 days and became a pasture ornament.
15 yr old Reg QH gelding, also around 15.2 hands. Was broke to ride but probably hasn't been ridden in about 5 yrs. I told her I would take this one if a home for all three cannot be found.
30 yr old reg QH mare, maybe 15 hands. Still in good condition and moves around fine. Was broke to ride at one time but hasn't been ridden in about 10 yrs. Has been a pasture ornament for most of her life.
All are quiet and friendly for the most part but haven't had too much formal handling in recent years. She feeds them and pets them and that's been about it. I knew and handled all these horses but it's been about 5 yrs since I've seen them. I'm supposed to be getting current pictures and was told they are all on good condition but I can't say for sure.
These horses have been placed.
Forum Rulesdream swamp
“follow” me on Twitter at @newtownpentacle
– photo by Mitch Waxman
Progeny of an aforementioned early morning trek recently enacted across Long Island City from Astoria, these shots depict a February sunrise at certain points of land which adjoin the notorious Newtown Creek.
Driven by a period of certain insomniac ideations, a seasonal affliction whose annual appointment and arrival is scheduled between the months of December and March, the effects of this inability to sleep are are felt on both financial and interpersonal fronts. The good news is that I get a LOT of work done.
– photo by Mitch Waxman
Possessing me for much of this year has been the job of updating and retooling of my “Magic Lantern” show, a slideshow presentation which describes and details the various noteworthy features and remarkable history of this loquacious cataract forming the currently undefended border of Brooklyn and Queens, a 3.8 mile long industrial canal known as the Newtown Creek.
The modern version is designed with HD television and computer screens in mind (prior versions were designed for projection), and has been complied at a ridiculous resolution (suitable for Blu-Ray, actually). The master file is a tad under two hours long, and includes literally every tributary, inlet, cove, rivet, and screw found along the banks of Newtown Creek.
– photo by Mitch Waxman
The “production model” comes in at just over 45 minutes, and will be the version presented this Friday at Observatory. It is still a ludicrously detailed accounting of the place, which is limited to a short geospatial distance from the Creek’s bulkheads. The long version examines a much larger area, but that’s something I’m not able to speak freely about yet.
I’d love it if you can join us at Observatory this Friday.
The “Up the Creek” Magic Lantern Show- presented by the Obscura Society NYC- at Observatory, on February the 15th- ThisFriday.
Click here or the image below for more information and tickets.
The Client Services Manager is a key liaison between the Company and our clients, responsible for daily client communication, interdepartmental coordination, monitoring service delivery, major issue management and communication, and overall customer3/28/2015 St. Paul, M3/24/2015 Reston, VA
Overview H5 is seeking a dynamic and energetic Client Services Consultant to join H5?s growing eDiscovery team. The work schedule is Friday through Monday with 10 hour shifts (40/10). This individual will work closely with both H5 team members and H5 clients residing in multiple"As the youngest of three children, I’m the first person in my family to go to a university and attain a degree. I went to college in New Mexico where my life changed. There I talked to an Army recruiter and started my career with the U.S. Army. As a Black American, I’m a proud member of a chosen few who represents our country with the opportunity to work for the State Department as a security engineering officer. I have begun my service with Technology Development Branch and one overseas tour in American Consulate General Frankfurt. I have come a long way from my humble upbringings from the streets of Chicago to the Department of State.
After having hopped around Army bases as a child, I joined the U.S. Army and served overseas for several years, spending time in Kosovo and Hungary. I was in Iraq during the overthrow of Saddam Hussein. A highlight of my service came when I met the woman who would become my wife in Germany.
I started classes in 2005 and completed the program obtaining my master’s of science degree in electrical and computer engineering technology while in the Department of State in 2010. What attracted me to State is the opportunity to help foster a change that affects the world and protect those interests since I’ve done it for so long with the U.S. Army."
Short URL:Monday, December 9, 2013
As Christmas rapidly approaches, folks are shopping bargains as they shop for presents.
Many look to the Internet for gift buying as products can often be purchased tax free — essentially an 8.9 percent discount for Walla Walla residents.
And while we all know life isn’t fair, tax policy is supposed to be.
Yet, this tax inequity continues. It’s unfair to brick-and-mortar retailers who do collect taxes and it hurts state and local governments. It’s estimated that more than $23 billion a year in tax collections is being lost through cyberspace sales.
To this point, Congress has approached the issue with timidity. But that could change soon.
The U.S. Supreme Court last week rejected a challenge to a New York state law requiring Internet companies to collect sales taxes.
The high courts move is expected to put some steam into energizing states to attempt to collect taxes due on online purchases made by their residents.
However, figuring out just how to collect sales taxes in a patchwork of 50 state laws is complex for the governments and frustrating for the merchants.
Given that, it’s critical Congress takes the lead. The issue has to be approached with the goal of achieving tax equity while taking care not creating myriad problems for online retailers.
Currently, states can require stores to collect sales taxes only if that store has a physical presence in the state. Few do. This gives Internet merchants an advantage over Main Street merchants competing for the business. The playing field should be level.
A proposal in the U.S. Senate has merit. It would exempt Internet business with less than $1 million a year in online sales from collecting taxes.
This would provide relief for those with small profits, but focus on the bigger players that do have the capacity to figure out sales tax distribution.
Now that a state law requiring Internet sales can be collected has been upheld, other states can move in that direction.
The system will only work if Congress establishes a framework that sets a national standard. This would allow the various state mandates to make the collection of sales taxes as fair as possible.
Log in to commentHaving the biggest playlist doesn't make a male songbird the brainiest of the bunch, a new study shows.
"For songbirds, singing a lot of songs indicates a bird is smart, but that signal is not necessarily indicative of intelligence for everything," said Duke biologist Steve Nowicki.
In a series of problem-solving tests with the birds, he and his colleagues found that the male song sparrows that sang the most songs learned to solve food-finding puzzles more slowly than the birds singing fewer songs. The results are the first to show that a larger song repertoire links to cognitive deficits in other mental processes.
The researchers think that female song sparrows may use potential mates' songs to gauge both mental strengths and weaknesses.
Since birdsong is a good model for studying speech development, the findings, published May 22 in Biology Letters, could also help neuroscientists better understand the trade-offs taking place as the human brain matures..
"This study is very exciting," said University of Nevada-Reno biologist Vladimir Pravosudov, who was not involved in the study. "It is the first of its kind to show a negative correlation between song repertoire size and spatial memory in songbirds, and it goes against the grain of what many scientists had thought about the relationship between song and other cognitive abilities in birds."
Earlier studies with starlings had shown that the birds with larger playlists learned to solve spatial tasks more quickly. Other studies had also shown that a bird that sang more songs performed better on other cognitive tasks.
This newly discovered negative relationship between the number of songs a bird sings and speed of solving a spatial task suggests there is a trade-off between song learning and other cognitive abilities, Nowicki said.
He noted one caveat with the experiment—the fact that song sparrows don't cache their food or migrate long distances. Both require advanced spatial learning and memory, but the ability isn't as important for sparrows as it is for blue jays and other species.
Still, the negative correlation suggests birds' brains may develop differently depending on how much effort is put toward learning songs or doing other mental tasks. Song learning happens in the HVC, the area of the bird's brain that controls song. Spatial learning happens in the hippocampus. During development, more resources may go to one area or the other, giving an individual bird a strength in one cognitive ability and a weakness in the other, Nowicki said.
The study supports the idea of trade-offs in the development of the birds' brains. But, "This behavioral data is only tip of iceberg," Pravosudov said. Scientists will need to look at the structures, circuits and chemicals in the birds' brains to better understand mechanistically what the new results mean for brain development.
Nowicki agrees and said his team may perform those experiments next. If the work pans out, he added, scientists could one day use songbirds and birdsong to better understand how trade-offs in brain development influence behavior and cognition in humans too.
Explore further:
Lowly 'new girl' chimps form stronger female bonds
More information: "Potential trade-off between vocal ornamentation and spatial ability in a songbird." Sewall, K., Soha, J., Peters, S., Nowicki S. 2013. Biology Letters, 20130344. DOI: 10.1098/rsbl.2013.0344
alfie_nullCrews fight early morning house fire in OshtemoUpdated: Friday, June 20 2014, 01:17 PM EDT OSHTEMO, Mich., (NEWSCHANNEL 3) – The Oshtemo Fire Department fought an early morning house fire. The call came in around 2:45 Friday morning. Crews responded to a home in the 2500 block of Strathmore Street to a report of a house fire. When they arrived, heavy smoke was filling the house. Crews on scene told Newschannel 3 the family was not home at the time, and no one was injured. A preliminary investigation leads them to believe that the fire started in the basement, possibly on a mattress. An official investigation is underway.Crews fight early morning house fire in Oshtemo1980 Suzuki RM-250T
I always preferred the '79 RM-N model to the T, but the two are very similar, and I found this bike in pretty good shape on Ebay for $200., AND it was almost completely ALL THERE. It even had the kick stand! It needed a little TLC but not much. I had it bored (first oversize!), and put on some Fox Airshox and it screamed!!! I knew right then that I had to restore it ahead of my other projects and use it as my 250 race bike. It had some really trick porting and polishing which made it fly. I don't know who did the work, or when, but it is quick. It also has a flat-slide Keihin carburetor which I'm not too keen on, but I am reluctant to alter it, as it really roosts. It was a fun bike, and I regretted selling it, but we fell on hard times and something needed to go.
Here it is about ready to race, with a new seat cover, reworked plastic, rebuilt top end, and a lot of work on the little things:
When these shots were taken, I still needed to refinish some metal surfaces, replace the swing-arm bushings, the grips, and two rear spokes. I also had a 1980 front fender I was refinishing to make it more period accurate. I can't believe how much lighter this bike seemed versus the 1978 1/2 RM-250C2. It felt 20 pounds lighter! This bike is a feather, with an afterburner!
Here is the bike wearing its newly stripped, shaved, sanded and polished front fender. Next step is to strip and repaint the pipe, which was almost dent free. Cosmetic changes are all that are left, which really means sanding, stripping and refinishing.
Here it is with its new swing-arm bearings, new clutch, new grips, new (old) tank, new brake pads, and a new fuel line. I still haven't fixed the spokes (I HATE prying off tires), but other then that it's ready to roost. Here are a few of the latest pics:
I sold this bike before getting a chance to race it. I dumped a lot of money into it, and ALMOST broke even, so I don't feel too bad. I hope its new owner finishes the restoration, and races this bike. I was sad to see it go...I will now focus on the 1979 RM-250N...and hopefully won't be forced to sell it!
<<<Back<<<Monkey GripAUTHOR: Desktop
Published: November 25, 2011
Have a tight living space but after a hint of foliage indoors? Adam Cornish has reinvented the traditional hanging basket in a playful way with Monkey Grip. Inspired by the classic 1960s children’s game ‘Barrel of Monkeys’, the linking planters are made from 100 percent recyclable polyethylene and can be joined in a chain by the top or bottom curves.
His design earned him the winning vote at the 2011 Corporate Culture Design Pitch, held in Melbourne recently (part of IDEA week), so he’ll soon be jetting off to Milan Salone 2012.
All images copyright Adam Cornish.
I would love to use a few sets of these for all my office supplies. Paperclips, pens, rubber bands and everything in a neat holder with the added bonus of it looking different to all the other desks around! (and it would mean I am not digging through drawers or through piles of papers to find the containers on my desk)In the name of the artist
There, I've said it. Oh, Aunor--a multimedia, multi-awarded giantess in the '70s and '80s--has done excellent work with other directors (Bona (1980) with Lino Brocka, Himala with Ishmael Bernal, 'Merika (1984) with Gil Portes), but arguably her finest films were with O'Hara (Condemned (1984); Bulaklak sa City Jail (Flowers of the City Jail, 1984); the great Tatlong Taong Walang Diyos (Three Years Without God, 1976)). If Brocka had his favorite actors (Philip Salvador, Gina Alajar) and Bernal his (Vilma Santos, Maricel Soriano), O'Hara's is possibly Nora. More than a filmography they share a quiet sensitivity, a kind of shyness; they would rather avoid the spotlight if they could help it (but when it falls on them, they step up with the confidence of veteran professionals). In temperament they could conceivably be brother and sister, having practically grown up together as workers and artists in a pitilessly changing industry.
Talk about pitiless, O'Hara and Aunor have not worked with each other for some twenty-four years, and time has taken its toll--O'Hara has gained a mane of white hair, Aunor''s expression has grown solemn, even careworn. The actress has spent almost eight years out of the country, in seeming exile, trailed along the way by stories of bankrupt finances and a drug possession charge. Now she's come home, and judging by all the media fuss she seems bigger than ever, and we (at least those who've never really forgotten) wait with bated breath for the results of their first collaboration in decades. Will lightning strike yet again? Is the magic still there?
It is. Sa Ngalan ng Ina (In the Name of the Mother) is. This particular production will run for only the month of October--meaning the production budget (which is lavish) can and has already be measured out, and the storyline guaranteed, more or less, not to run out of gas (a common complaint, apparently about many a teleserye--that they have overstayed their welcome).
It's a whirlwind of a melodrama--without much wasted breath O'Hara and co-director Jon Red (brother of independent filmmaker Raymond Red) take material written by Dinno Erece, Jerry Gracio, Benedict Mique, Pamela Miras, and establish the dozen or so characters of the story, their often conflicting motivations, the tumultuous milieu in which they operate.
Philippine elections have traditionally been a chaotic affair, to put it mildly; I'd call it a cross between an endless town rally and a three-ring circus, with the occasional rival-gang shootout interrupting the festivities. The idea of setting a melodrama during a province's gubernatorial elections is, to put it mildly, genius--the marriage of tone and substance makes such perfect sense it's a wonder no one's ever thought of it before. Complex machinations and even more complex plot twists? Nefarious treacheries and lurid sex? Vicious confrontations among political rivals, long-time friends, blood brothers? Torture, car chases, assassination attempts? Either you're watching a lengthy melodrama (with a Hollywood-sized budget I'm guessing The Godfather, Part 1 and 2) or it's election season in the Philippines, baby; don't forget to wear a raincoat (for the mudslinging and spittle) over your bullet-proof vest.
This is familiar territory for O'Hara; his Bagong Hari (The New King, 1986) is set in a large and powerful (if fictional) province, where two rival factions vie for the position of governor of the land. The fictional province is Manila, the office of governor a stand-in for the office of President of the Philippines; the relatively small-scale struggle (relatively; I thought O'Hara had wrought a rarity among noir films--the noir epic) served as metaphor for the nationwide struggle to wrest power away from former president Ferdinand Marcos.
Sa Ngalan ng Ina while lighter in tone (Bagong Hari received an "X" rating from the censors board for its extreme violence) is broader in scope, ranging from housewife-turned president Cory Aquino's rise to power (she was chosen to run against Marcos for the sentimental value of her husband Ninoy's death--presumably assassinated under orders from Marcos' wife, Imelda), through her struggles as naive Chief Executive (both traditional politicians (trapos) and the military (here represented by the province's police force) alike constantly underestimated her). The series even throws in a subplot involving secret recordings--a reference to the "Hello, Garci" tape scandal that marred former president Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo's administration.
Easy to equate the characters to their real-life inspirations: Elena Deogracias (Aunor) is the Cory Aquino figure, her husband Amang (Bembol Roco) the martyred Ninoy; wheelchair-bound Pepe Ilustre (Christopher de Leon) is Ferdinand Marcos, the voluptuous Lucia Ilustre (Rosanna Roces) his ruthless wife. The script introduces several interesting changes to the actual story: turns out Elena and Pepe were once lovers (as Aunor and De Leon were in real life), and their children also romantically involved (a la the late Bienvenido Noriega's comedy musical Bongbong at Kris). The script cunningly links not just to recent political history (Aquino vs. Marcos, with a touch of Macapagal-Arroyo) but to recent popular movie history (Aunor vs. De Leon, both having once been married to each other).
So--topical relevance; high production values; a royal flush of excellent actors (along with the main stars there's Leo Rialp, Raquel Villavicencio, Alwyn Uytingco, Eugene Domingo), a solidly constructed, intricately plotted script. Not a bad vehicle, overall--but a television melodrama? How to reconcile this with O'Hara's reputation as one of the Philippines' better filmmakers?
Actually there's nothing to reconcile; O'Hara has always embraced melodrama--it's where he comes from. He got his first break in a Proctor and Gamble radio show in 1963, years before meeting Brocka, and Filipino radio is nothing if not melodrama. He acted on the theatrical stage; wrote scripts for and acted in Brocka's TV series Balintataw. His script for Tatlong Taong Walang Diyos was originally written for the drama series Hilda, a dramatic showcase for Brocka protege Hilda Koronel. At one point he was the director of the hit series Flordeluna, starring Janice de Belen in the 1980s--you might say he improved the series. On occasion I've caught him directing the odd episode of Lovingly Yours, Helen; he did one of the better instalments for Eddie Romero's 1896 TV mini-series, Alitaptap sa Gabing Madilim (Firefly in the Dark Night) based on a Lualhati Bautista script. Far as I know he's still acting onstage, and on radio.
In short O'Hara does not put on airs, and has not lost touch with his roots--he takes this project seriously, and has lavished it with his distinct visual and narrative sensibilities. You see it in the camerawork--though O'Hara has always maintained that video is a less expressive medium, you wouldn't think it looking at the film's extravagant lighting scheme (all those large-scale night scenes with their need for floodlights are always more expensive to shoot).
You see it in big ways--the many parties, rallies and large crowds; in several of the action sequences, the biggest to date being the safehouse assault. O'Hara in films like Kastilyong Buhangin (Castle of Sand, 1980) and the aforementioned Condemned and Bagong Hari has proven time and time again he's a competent action director, and he proves it yet again here. The assault is realistically staged, cleanly shot and edited, and not a little suspenseful (can't help but think that the gang leader's last stand on the mansion's highest alcove is a little bit inspired by the finale of Kurosawa's Throne of Blood (Kumonosu-ju, 1957)).
(As it turns out, I am wrong--Red directed this. In which case, kudos to the man; it's a very well done setpiece)
You see it in subtler ways--the first meeting between Elena and Pepe in an old church, for example. Pepe in his wheelchair sits up and turns to look at the camera; he is limned in light against a dark background. Reverse cut to Elena, a dark silhouette against brilliant sunlight, contrasting light and shadow used to contrast two physically and temperamentally different actors (the dusky, quietly intense Aunor, the mestizo-looking, more easygoing De Leon). Later you have party leader Apo Lucas (Leo Rialp) approaching Elena in a gazebo, and the sequence is shot and framed like a stage production not unlike A Midsummer Night's Dream. Which makes all kinds of sense--Apo will offer Elena the candidacy for governor and it's meant to be a quietly moving moment, the episode's dramatic high point. But Apo's intentions are false; he means to use her as a puppet figure. He assumes Elena has visions of power, and that her ambitions are a mere fantasy he can grant or cause to vanish at any time, much like dreams--or much like, as Puck suggests, most of what happens in Shakespeare's play (If we shadows have offended / think but this, and all is mended / that you have but slumbered here / while these visions did appear).
I can't help but play this game, who's directing what scene--I keep thinking most of the sweeping crane shots are Jon Red's (really beautifully done, some of them), and some of the high static overhead shots are O'Hara's (he occasionally likes to assume a God's eye view of the action, to remind us how small and helpless we really are). I'm guessing all the church scenes are O'Hara's, mainly because they have the feel of his work (locked-down camera, simple setup, sharp mis-en-scene).
I'm guessing some of the sound editing and music cuing are O'Hara's work--as he likes to put it, they're so radio. Conversations from the next scene often overlap the images of the previous scene; at one point the conversation on television runs on in the background while the scene has already cut from studio into the Ilustre's bedroom--a nice way of telling us that, despite all of Lucia's protestations, she does have something to do with what they're talking about on TV.
Perhaps oddest of all is a trick used at least twice, where the image suddenly slows down while conversation runs on ahead. You get a sense of events moving past you, past the characters, past everyone's control, while you're left staring at slowed-down people struggling to catch up. It's easily the series' most disconcerting audio effect.
Easily O'Hara's simplest yet most powerful device would be his musical cuing. No one else I know can cue like O'Hara (he had to help Brocka with the soundtrack of Maynila sa Mga Kuko ng Liwanag (Manila in the Claws of Neon, 1975), for example). He'll keep the scene mostly quiet, the acting mostly subdued, and at a key word or phrase or carefully timed moment he'll sneak in the music--and just like that you're trying your level best not to tear up.
Actingwise, there's very little to fault. Eugene Domingo as Pacita presides over Elena's household and governor's office like a born second-in-command; her salty down-to-earth wisdom makes one think of Sancho Panza, supporting the fragile Don Quixote. Leo Rialp as Apo has few scenes, but what few he has stands out (his charming old patriarch act very much caught me by surprised, as I was at one point thinking this political party seemed too squeaky-clean for its own good--Rialp quickly put paid to that misconception). The lovely Raquel Villavicencio as former Vice Governor Dorinda Fernando doesn't have a consistent presence--the script writes her out of entire episodes--but her character when actually there is wonderfully bitchy, a real power-climber and seasoned survivor. Alwyn Uytingco as Elena's stepson Alfonso has the showy role, the prodigal child, and plays it to the hilt; he knows, however, that when called to play differently (as in the aftermath to the assassination attempt gone wrong) that that is his moment, and he comes through wonderfully. Christopher De Leon as Pepe Ilustre reportedly refused to take direction from O'Hara when they did Tatlong Taong Walang Diyos over thirty-five years ago (though for the record I liked him there); he's apparently learned enough to listen now, as his is a largely restrained performance. His scenes with Aunor have a beautiful delicacy to them, as if the two veterans know they only have to do very little to suggest page upon page of intense feelings between them. Rosanna Roces plots and rants and fumes as Pepe's evil wife Lucia, and you can tell she's having the time of her life with possibly the role of her life, as the melodrama's chief villainess. If Ray's Johnny Guitar (1954) is basically a confrontation between two powerful women, so is Sa Ngalan ng Ina (fact is, I think we're ahead of the United States in depicting women taking power onscreen--our women have now reached the level of achievement of Ray's film, in reducing men to pawns and trophy husbands); Roces steps up to the plate across Aunor and delivers an over-the-top performance worthy of Joan Crawford herself.
It's a spectacular success, but what stays in one's memory are the quieter moments. There are the scenes of Aunor and De Leon in church, of course, but then there's the very quiet, very fine scene of Pacita feeding Alfonso, and Alfonso wishing she and not Elena were his stepmother. It's more than just killing time; it helps show us a more motherly side to Pacita, and an altogether more human side to Alfonso--when he does what he does later in the show, we can't forget having seen that side, and it makes his later anger all the more unsettling. Later Lucia confronts Pepe, and we realize that for all her evil machinations and adulteries she does love him, very much; if anything, she does it all out of a sense of love, not hate. You realize you're watching not a virago but a woman after all, flesh-and-blood and full of helpless anguish at the treacheries of the human heart.
As for Aunor--what else to say about her? When Amang dies on the treatment table the room bursts out in a symphony of grieving. Aunor knows she has to play against that, she has to pull your eyes down, down, down to her diminutive level so you're aware that, while everyone else is being far more demonstrative, the news has hit her the hardest. Later, she has a simple scene with Domingo putting away Amang's clothes where it's her effort not to cry, instead of the usual histrionics and tears, that makes the scene so quietly moving.
It's not perfect work, and perhaps the most serious flaw in it is Elena's sainted goodness, which is almost too good to be true. But we're only halfway through the series, and hopefully O'Hara, Red, and the rest of the filmmaking team will manage to show us more sides to our heroine, give us the clay feet as well as the halo.
O'Hara helps out; he has Aunor flash out in steely anger more and more often, and I remember a line she delivers to an underperforming police officer that deserves to be an oft-quoted classic ("Remember I had my own son arrested--think what I'd do to someone outside my family!"). Most of O'Hara's work seems to consist of modulating Aunor's glamor, of having the camera treat her thematically, according to the demands of the narrative, instead of protecting her as befits the star of a big production. Often Aunor looks harried and exhausted, and it's heartrending to see her like this (you feel all the problems of the series weighing down on her). Once in a while though O'Hara relents, finds a certain angle...and suddenly she's gorgeous to look at, our Superstar forever, the literal face of Philippine cinema.
(Cont'd in next part)
10.17.11
5 comments:
Excellent review Mr. Noel Devera. I only wish there are more people like you who know how to discern fine arts against pseudo-arts.
Thanks! It's Noel Vera, though. But thanks.
lol. did jojo devera married noel vera?
EXCELLENT..YOUR A VERY VERY KIN OBSERVER.. I BELIEVE AND WITNESSED ALL WHAT YOU HAVE SAID.. CONGRATULATIONS...
Thanks!KARACHI, Oct 28: A huge fire in the century-old Radio Pakistan building on M. A. Jinnah Road gutted all the 14 studios and destroyed equipment and archival material worth millions of rupees, including instruments used since the first day of its broadcast operations.
The fire, which broke out at 11.30am in Studio Eight of the building’s first floor, rapidly spread through the mostly wooden structure and caused panic among the children taking part in a flagship programme of the Karachi station ‘Bachon Ki Dunya’. They were evacuated before the fire department’s operation began.
Officials said it took more than three hours to control the spreading fire and the ancient structure made the job a little harder as the firefighters took extra care to prevent further losses during the operation.
The fire forced suspension of the radio broadcast for a couple of hours, which was later resumed through the standby transmitters.
“Our 15 fire tenders took part in the firefighting operation. The tenders were assisted by almost a dozen water takers and fire tenders of the KPT (Karachi Port Trust) and the DHA (Defence Housing Authority),” said Chief Fire Officer Ehtishamuddin, who led the operation.
He said the cause of the fire had not been determined but suspected that it might be the result of an electric short-circuit or a serious human error. Though, he said, the fire caused serious losses to the equipment, it could not damage the building in a big way because of its better architecture and well-planned construction.
“By the end of our operation the first floor of the building was almost gutted but we succeeded in keeping the fire confined to the first floor till finish,” he added.
Hundreds of people had gathered outside the historical building, which was enveloped in huge columns of black smoke. Later, the area police took the charge and drove the spectators, gathered at the gate of the building, to the main M. A. Jinnah Road to ensure smooth movement of the fire tenders.
The historical building has housed the Radio Pakistan Karachi Station since 1949, when it was shifted here from the Intelligence School on Queens Road (now M.T. Khan Road) after a year of its broadcast operations.
In 1949, the building was owned by a local government body and was later acquired by the Pakistan Broadcast Corporation.
Sources in Radio Pakistan said the fire damaged almost all the 14 studios on the first floor of the two-storey building and burnt dozens of archival pieces, including musical and broadcast equipment preserved as relics of the past.
“The destroyed items included two big pianos, which are now considered as antiques, violins and sitars,” said a source associated with Radio Pakistan. “Several microphones which were used in iconic dramas’ production by Radio Pakistan are also among the damaged equipment and the production unit of the building is badly affected.”
He said the administration was assessing the losses caused by the fire but initial findings suggested the losses would be worth more than Rs20 million.
The celebrated Studio-9, which had produced several mega-hit radio series, was also destroyed in the fire while huge facilities such as 14, B-2 and B-6, which used to host musical programmes and quiz shows, where people could attend such productions and participate live, were no more after the fire swept through the building.
A chair belonging to Z.A. Bukhari, the first Radio Pakistan director-general, which was also presented as an honour to sit in to different dignitaries visiting the historical building, was also among the destroyed relics.
Iqbal Faridi, station director of Radio Pakistan Karachi, said the losses were worth millions of rupees but a committee to be formed by the Pakistan Broadcast Corporation would determine both the value of the losses and the cause of the fire.
“We have standby transmitters to keep the transmission on,” he said. “Our library is intact and safe, so there is no damage to our priceless records but the losses of the equipment and infrastructure are huge at the same time.”
Ronaq Hayat, deputy controlling engineer of Radio Pakistan, did not see the studios destroyed by the fire getting back to operations in the near future.
“We are trying our best to take the minimum time for its renovation and get it equipped with the required stuff,” he added. “But obviously the intensity of the fire has almost ruined such facilities, which would take time to rehabilitate.”
The incident also sent shockwaves up to Islamabad, where the DG of the Pakistan Broadcasting Corporation, Javed Akhtar, flew in here in the evening.
“The DG is likely to hold a meeting with the Karachi station officials on late Sunday evening, where he may constitute an inquiry committee for the losses’ assessment and the cause of the fire,” said the source.I am old enough to remember when the “newest great thing” was an answering machine. Times, it seems, were simpler then. Or maybe it just seemed so. Anyway, there is no denying that technology has changed with alarming speed and, sluggard that the law can be, it sometimes struggles to keep up.
Back in the day, one’s John Hancock was made with a sharpened quill and iron gall ink (made by combining fermented oak marble galls with ferrous sulfate). Then, down the line, were “modern” fountain pens, ballpoints, rollerballs, IBM Selectrics and all the rest. For those of you keeping score, computers have really only been around — other than in scattered scientific settings — for about three decades, and the Internet was born only around 1991.
A raise of hands now; how many of us still rely primarily on snail mail? I thought not. Most of us, increasingly, rely on various electronic means to conduct our business. And in “most of us,” I include lawyers.
Yes, yes, I still on occasion send something through the U.S. Mail — usually birthday gifts or some such — but more and more we live in a virtual world and, to accommodate that world, the law, as a vehicle of peaceful business intercourse, gets dragged along. Thus, the Uniform Electronics Transmission Act, also known as UETA.
Uniform Rules
The Uniform Electronic Transactions Act was established under federal law in 1999.
UETA represents the first national effort at providing some uniform rules to govern transactions in electronic commerce that should serve in every state. Most, if not all states, have adopted similar rules. What UETA deals with is “electronic records and electronic signatures relating to a transaction.” It is related to the Uniform Commercial Code, but that is beyond our scope here. In the context of UETA, a “transaction” is limited to an action or set of actions occurring between two or more persons relating to the conduct of business, commercial or governmental affairs. If your eye is sharp, you’ll note that a “transaction” under UETA is not comprehensive. For example, notices, disclosures or communications by courts and governmental agencies are excluded.
UETA applies only to transactions in which the parties have agreed between them to conduct their dealings electronically. Electronic transactions are not — and may not be — forced upon anyone. What’s more, the parties can “tailor” their electronic transactions in a way that works best for them. They may waive, vary, or disclaim many, or even most of UETA’s provisions by agreement, keeping what they want in place.
What “electronic commerce” means is parties doing business with one another by electronic means. The Internet comes quickly and ubiquitously to mind.
What is essential to understand is that UETA does not create a new system of laws for the electronic marketplace. Instead, its focus is to ensure that transactions in the electronic marketplace are indistinguishable from traditional paper and ink transactions vis-a-vis their enforceability, but without wholesale changes to substantive rules of law. What UETA endeavors to accomplish is, in fact, limited; to provide a means for establishing that electronic records of transactions are the equivalent of a traditional paper record, and that those transactions — including electronic signatures — will be afforded the same legal consequence and effect, as olde tyme paper transactions. UETA stands to serve this single purpose.
Section 7
The “meat and potatoes” of UETA is found in Section 7 of UETA. Among other things, this section provides that a “record or signature may not be denied legal effect or enforceability solely because it is in electronic form.” Second, “a contract may not be denied legal effect or enforceability solely because an electronic record was used in its formation.” Third, any law that requires “a writing” may be equally satisfied by an electronic record. Fourth, any signature requirement in the law may be met if there is an electronic signature.
In essence, most of the rest of UETA lends support to the fundamental principles set out in Section 7. Other sections address legal questions about the use of electronic records and signatures. One important matter is determining when a transmission may be legally considered to have been sent (and/or delivered) if in electronic form. Another establishes when electronic delivery occurs and “replaces” the traditional and statutory rules that govern mail delivery in the context of electronic transactions.
Another important rule is that dealing with “attribution.” As electronic transactions are essentially “anonymous,” UETA prescribes when a “signature” is attributable to a particular, identifiable being; in effect, when it can be considered to be the act of a particular individual. What UETA provides is that attribution may be shown in any manner. Section 9 of UETA provides guidance in how it may be shown that a particular transmission is in fact the act of a particular sender.
While UETA facilitates the use of digital signatures and other security procedures, nothing in the act actually requires the use of a digital signature or for that matter any particular security protocol or procedure. The act is, instead, “technology neutral.” Persons can use whatever digital signature technology or security procedures they please, but whatever means and methods they employ can be offered to prove the transaction was consummated (or not) if there is, one day, a dispute.
UETA may be considered procedural rather than substantive; it does not require anybody to use electronic transactions or to rely upon electronic records and signatures. It does not prohibit paper records and/or manual signatures. Basic rules of law and contract continue to apply as they have since time immemorial.
UETA is one of many legal devices that intend to pull law and commerce into the 21st century. To be sure, it will evolve as electronic commerce itself evolves. One thing is certain though; there will be more and more changes to come as the world moves ever faster into an increasingly virtual existence.p. 186 NAGARJUNAKONDA, or Nagarjuna's hill, is the name of a big rocky hat-topped hill on the right bank of the Krishna river in the Palnad taluk of the Guntur district of the Madras Presidency, and 15 miles west by north of Macherla railway station, the terminus of the new line from Guntur opened in 1931. The hill stands in a valley completely shut in by at ring of hills, an offshoot of the Nallamalais (Black Hills) of the adjoining Kurnool district, on three sides, with the Krishna, river on the fourth or north-western side, where it forms the boundary between this part of the Madras Presidency and the Nizam's Dominions. The annexed site plan (Plate I) shows the geographical features of the area and the positions of the monuments discovered. Nagarjunakonda is about 60 miles distant from Amaravati as the crow flies, but considerably further by river. It is a wild and desolate spot, and being shut in by the surrounding rocky hills is usually very hot during most months of the year. There is a rough cart track from Macherla to Nagulavaram, a distance of 10 miles, but the remaining 5 miles over the hills and through the valley to Nagarjunakonda has to be performed on foot, as no cart traffic is possible. The hill was once fortified, and remains of brick and stone fortifications still remain all along the rugged cliffs surrounding the plateau on its summit, showing that it was once used as a citadel; but no ruined buildings of interest were discovered on the hill. At the eastern foot of the hill and scattered throughout the valley are a number of ruined stupas of all sizes, from little structures 8 feet in diameter to large ones like the Great Stupa, 106 feet in diameter. There are also many ruined monasteries and apsidal Buddhist temples, showing that, at one time, there existed here a large and flourishing Buddhist settlement, far larger in fact than the one at Amaravati lower down the river. A number of important inscriptions in Prakrit and in Brahmi characters of about the second century A.D. were discovered in connection with the Great Stupa and two apsidal. temples. Professor Vogel of Leiden University has published an account of these old records in the Epigraphia Indica, volume XX, 1931. Besides a number of inscriptions end ruined buildings, many lead coins of the Andhra period, gold and silver reliquaries, pottery, statues and over four hundred magnifi cent bas-relief sculptures similar to those from Amaravati, were recovered curing the excavations which I conducted at Nagarjunakonda during the cold seasons of 1928 to 1931, when T completed the explorations, A brief account of these discoveries appears in the Annual Reports of the Archaological Survey of India for those years, but a fully illustrated account of the remarkable discoveries made would fill a large volume, and has yet to be written. The historical information furnished by the inscriptions is somewhat meagre, and the careless manner in which some of them were engraved adds to the difficulty of interpreting the precise meaning of certain words and sentences. The records belong to the Southern Ikhaku dynasty, who were ruling in this part of India between the second and third centuries A.D. It is clear from these inscriptions that they were kings of considerable importance, but also wih they formed matrimonial alliances not only with the rulers of Vanavasa (North Kanara), Ikhakus revealed by the inscriptions, is that while the rulers were followers of Brahmanism and performed Vedic sacrifices, their consorts were devotees of the Buddha and erected buildings for the Buddhists settled at Nagarjunakonda and made pious donations to the stupas. Most of these buildings owed their existence to the piety of certain queens and princesses belonging to the royal house of Ikhaku, the principal founder being a princess named Chamtisiri, who is praised for her munificence in many of the inscriptions belonging to the Great Stupa, or Mahachetiya, as it is called in the piller inscriptions belonging to it, and which was founded ____________________ Note.--The copyright of the photographs reproduced to illustrate this article gioal Survey of india. p. 187 or perhaps rebuilt, when the pillars were added, by the lady in question in the sixth year of the reign of king Siri-Virtapurisadata between the second and third centuries A.D. The same royal lady built a monastery and an apsidal temple close to the eastern gate of the Great Stupa, the ruins of which remain. Another important inscription was found engraved on the stone floor of an apsidal temple situated on a rocky hill about two furlongs to the east of the Great Stupa, and known locally as Naharallabodu. This temple and a monastery standing alongside of if were built by a lady named Bodhisiri and dedicated to the fraternities of Ceylonese monks settled at Nagarjunakonda. The inscription relates that these Ceylonese Buddhists had converted the people of Kashmir, Gandhara, China, Ceylon, Bengal, Kanara, and other places in India. The latter part of the inscription mentions other pious works by Bodhisiri, including a pillared hall or mandapa at Kantakasela, which, as Dr. Vogel points out in his account of these inscriptions, must be identical with "the emporium Kantikossula," mentioned by Ptolemy as being situated "after the mouths of the Maisolos (Krishna)." The Periplus speaks of "the region of Masalia," stretching a long way along the coast," and adds, "a great quantity of muslins is made here." The ancient name by which the Krishna delta was known to the Greeks is preserved in that of the seaport of Masulipatam. In the same inscription (F of Dr. Vogel's list), the name of the ancient city that once existed in the Nagarjunakonda valley is given as Vijayapuri, and the hill now known as Naharallabodu, on which Bodhisiri erected the temple and monastery for the Ceylonese monks, is called the Lesser Dhammagiri situated on Sriparvata. The hill in question is an offshoot of the surrounding Nallamalais of the adjoining Kurnool district. These hills extend in a south-westerly direction all along the river into the Kurnool district, where, on the top of a wooded hill some 50 miles south-west of Nagarjunakonda and facing the river, stands the famous Srisailam temple sacred to Siva and a great place of pilgrimage in the spring, when a big annual festival is held there. It thus seems from this inscription that in early times the Nallamalais were known as Sriparvata. This is an interesting point, because there is an ancient tradition preserved in Tibet that the famous Buddhist divine Nagarjuna ended his days in a monastery on Sriparvata in Southern India. If this monastery is the same as the ruined one on the Lesser Dhammagiri, if would follow that the association of Nagarjuna with this locality has been preserved up to the present day in the name Nagarjunakonda (Nagarjuna's Hill). The fact that a monastery and a temple were built specially for the benefit of Ceylonese, monks shows that very cordial relations must have existed between the Andhra, Buddhists and their co-religionists in Ceylon at that period. The existence of such relations can be readily accounted for by the sea-borne trade which was carried on between the ports of Ceylon and the great emporium Kantakasela of the Krishna delta. It was no doubt this trade which was mainly responsible for the flourishing state of Buddhism in this part of Southern India, which enabled the Buddhist merchants and their royal masters to raise monuments of such magnificence as those at Nagarjunakonda and Amaravati. As Dr. Vogel mentions, the decline of Buddhism in the lower Krishna valley may have had other causes besides the general wane of that religion all over India, there may have been economic factors at work, such as the decline of the sea-borne trade with the West, which had caused vast quantities of Roman gold to pour into Southern India. There was also the conquest of the south by the Gupta Emperor Samudra Gupta and the rise of powerful dynasties devoted to Brahmanism, like the Pallava dynasty in the South and the Chalukya in the West. The ruined buildings discovered, represent the remains of stupas, monasteries, apsidal temples and a palace. They were all built of large bricks measuring 20' x 10' x 3", the same dimensions as the bricks recently found at Bulandibagh near Patna in Bihar, the ancient site of Pataliputra. It is strange that at two sites so far distant both should yield large bricks of the same dimensions. The pillars, floors, statues and important sculptures were executed p. 188 in white or grey limestone resembling marble. No other stone was used, and it was brought to the site by means of the river and landed at a stone-built wharf that still remains (see Plate I, 12). The wharf is about 250 feet in length, 50 feet wide and 6 feet in height along the river front and at both ends. Three rows of broken stone pillars extending from end to end show that it was originally provided with a wooden roof, probably thatched. It seems to have served as a kind of Customs House, with a row of shops or godowns on either side. Here, the Krishna is more than half a mile wide, with numerous sandbanks and huge rocks in its bed, but during the rains it is a very large river and navigable for country craft right down to the sea. On plan and in construction, the Andhra stupas differ from those found in the North. They are built in the form of a wheel with hub, spokes and tire all complete and executed in brickwork (see plan of stupa On Plate III). The open spaces between the radiating walls were filled up with earth, and the dome or brick casing built over the structure. As no traces of structural stone tees have been discovered in Southern India, we may presume that they were built of brick and plaster and decorated with the rail ornament in the latter material. The stupas were covered with chunam, or fine shell-lime plaster, from top to bottom, anti the moulding and other ornamentation was usually executed in stucco or plaster. The dome rested on a circular platform or drum from 2 to 5 feet in height according to the size of the monument. On top of the drum was a narrow path encircling the foot of the dome, and on each of the four sides, facing the cardinal points, was a rectangular platform resembling an altar and the same height as the drum. In the inscriptions these platforms are described as ayaka-platforms, because they usually supported a group of five stone pillars, called ayaka-khambhas (ayaka-pillars). The precise meaning of the word ayaka is not known, but it is used much as we use the word 'altar.' From the has-relief representations of stupas recovered from the Nagarjunakonda and Amaravati stupas the ayaka-platform appears as an altar, on which pious -donors are portrayed depositing their offerings of fruit and flowers. All Andhra stupas had those platforms, but only those belonging to large and important monuments were provided with pillars. As each group consisted of five pillars, the total number of pillars for each stupa so decorated was twenty. The inscriptions show that these pillars represent gifts made to the stupa in honour of the Buddha and to the merit of the pious donors who provided the money for the work; hut no information is given as to the meaning or symbolism of the pillars. The chief scenes portrayed in the sculptures recovered from these Andhra stupas represent the five great 'miracles,' or chief events in the life of the Buddha, namely, the Nativity, Renunciation, Sambodhi, First Sermon, and the Buddha's Death. These five incidents are portrayed over and over again, either as beautifully executed bas-relief scenes, or else as mere conventional symbols, such as a tree, wheel and stupa. In this form they are found engraved on some of the bases of the ayaka-pillars belonging to the Amaravati Stupa now in the Madras Museum; and I discovered at Nagarjunakonda four bases of ayaka-pillars each ornamented with a bas-relief representation of the 'First Sermon.' The presence of these symbols carved on the bases of the pillars seems to indicate that they were set up to commemorate the five great miracles; just as we know Asoka erected pillars to mark the sacred spots where these events are said to have occurred in Nepal and Bihar. As it was impossible for those living in the Krishna district to erect the pillars an the aotual spots in Northern India, they seem to have hit upon the idea of conventionslising the pillars into groups of five for the sake of convenience, so that the events could be commemorated locally, and also, perhaps, with a view to adding to the splendour and importance of the stupas, as in the case of the Amaravati Stupa, where the stone casing to the dome, the ayaka-platforms and pillars, and the stone railing, were all added to the monument in the second or third century A.D. This we know from the inscriptions belonging to that monument. In earlier times the ayaka-pillars were unknown, and they only occur in the Andhra stupas of that period. p. 189 The platforms and pillars vary in size and height according to the dimensions of the stupa to which they belong. The pillars vary from 10 to 30 feet in height, with square bases and octagonal shafts. The tops are round, showing that they could not have supported capitals or any other kind of ornaments. In some of the bas-relief pictures of stupas, the pillars are shown crowned with trisula ornaments, the centre pillar often with a miniature stupa as capital. This is incorrect and purely decorative, as they never supported anything and could not do so as the tops were round, so that any ornament placed there would fall immediately to the ground. In this case the ornaments merely indicate that the pillars were dedicated to the Buddha, and the inscriptions confirm this. In the sculptures two kinds of stupas are depicted--one a plain brick and plaster structure like the stupas of the Asokan age; and the other is similar in all respects, except that the brick surface is faced with richly carved stone slabs embedded in mortar. This stone casing was applied only to the face of the drum, ayaka-platforms and lower portion of the dome. The upper portion of the domes of all Andhra stupas was executed in brick and plaster and decorated with a characteristic garland ornament encircling the dome. This ornament always appears in the has-relief representations of stupas, and is in the form of a broad festoon decorated with big lotus medallions executed in plaster. The stone casing was applied only to the base of the dome, as it is obvious that flat stone slabs could not be fixed to the curved surface of the upper portion of the dome. In order to do this, each stone would have to be specially cut with a convex front and a concave back, and even then it would be very difficult to keep the stones in position, so this part of the stupas was always in plaster. These decorated stupas were faced partly with stone slabs and partly with plaster ornamentation, the two materials being used together, and when the work was completed the stupa wits given a coating of shell-lime plaster from top to bottom, to hide any defects or inequalities in.the work. For this purpose, the white limestone used for this work was specially suitable, as it was of the right colour and takes whitewash or plaster readily, being very absorbent. It was no doubt these considerations and the fact that it is soft and easy to work when freshly quarried, that led to its general use in the Krishna valley. From the remains of slate-stone bas-reliefs and plaster ornament recovered from the ruined stupas of Gandhara, it seems that they were decorated in the same manner as those erected by the Andhras. The inscriptions show that there was considerable intercourse between the Buddhists of Gandhara and their co-religionists in the South, and in all probability the Andhras adopted the custom from the Gandhara builders in the second century A.D., or thereabouts. Gandhara influence is also strongly marked in many of the Andhra bas-reliefs and statues in the round. Traces of Roman influence are also manifest in a few of the sculptures and in two small gold medallions recovered from Nagarjunakonda. This is not surprising, as we know that in the second and third centuries of our era there was considerable sea-borne trade between Rome and this part of Southern India. When complete, the Great Stupa at Nagarjunakonda must have been a perfect example of a plain Andhra stupa (Plate II, fig. 2). It is built of large bricks measuring 20' x 10' x 3", and in the usual form of a wheel (Plate III, fig. 2). It was covered with plaster from top to bottom, the dome being decorated with the usual garland ornament, and the drum with a few simple mouldings executed in plaster. No stone was used in its construction, the ayaka-pillars alone being of that material, end, as at Amaravati, they probably represent a later addition to the stupa. They were gifts, as their inscriptions show, and were erected between the second and third centuries A.D. The diameter of the stupa including the drum is 106 feet. The drum is raised 5 feet above the ground level, and the total height of the monument, excluding the tee, must have been about 70 to 80 feet. On top of the drum is a narrow path, 7 feet wide, extending all round the base of the dome. No traces of steps p. 190 up to this path were found, but it is possible that they may have existed. No steps are depiotep redepio ed in the has-relief representations of stupas, so perhaps there were none to any of these monuments. The ayaka-platforms are 22 feet in length and 5 feet in width, and the bases of the five stone pillars were securely built into the brickwork. In the stone-faced stupas, the ayaka-platforms were the most highly decorated features of the stupa. Here the Andhra sculptor exhibited his best works of art, partly because these platforms were regarded as very holy structures resembling altars on which votive offerings were placed, and mainly perhaps, because they faced the four open gateways of the stupa, so that they were the first objects seen by anyone entering the sacred precinct around the stupa. The stupa was surrounded by a processional path 13 feet in width, and enclosed by a wooden railing standing on brick foundations, which still remain. The gateways were formed by extending the railing outwards so as to form a screen on each side of the entrance, but there were apparently no transoms spanning the entrance, like those of the Sanchi toranas. No traces of stone rails or toronas were found at Nagarjunakonda, and it is quite clear that none existed there. As a rule, the fails and gates were constructed of carved woodwork, no doubt resting on brick foundations, to protect them from damp and the ravages of white ante. It was only in very special cases that they were ever executed in stone, and then they were merely stone models of carved wooden originals. When first discovered, the Great Stupa at Nagarjunakonda was a large mound of earth and broken brick overgrown with grass and jungle, with two ayaka-pillars standing erect, the remaining eighteen pillars having fallen. As the whole of the dome of the stupa had been demolished, the ayaka-pillars and platforms thrown down and broken by treasure seekers, the chances of finding any relies in the edifice appeared very remote indeed. The first thing was to remove the debris and trace out the plan of the structure and recover the broken pillars. When this work was finished and the excavations completed, the appearance of the Great Stupa may be gathered from Plate II, fig. 2. Fortunately, instead of piecing the relies in the centre of the Great Stupa, they were deposited in one of the outer chambers on the north-western side of the stupa, where they escaped the notice of the treasure seekers who wrecked the monument (Plate III, fig. 1). As the slupa contained 40 chambers, all of which had to be excavated down to the natural ground level, the excavation of this monument was a very laborious task that took a month to complete. At last, when we had given up all hopes of finding anything of interest, one of the coolies noticed a small broken ]pot in the north-western corner of the chamber marked with a, cross on the plan (Plate III, fig. 2). The pot had been crushed when the chamber was filled with earth by the Buddhists, and all that remained is shown in Plate IV, fig. 1. On the surface were a few white crystal beads and a, tiny gold box. After carefully sifting the contents of the pot the following objects were found:-a fragment of bone placed in a small round gold reliquary three-quarters of an inch in diameter. This was placed in a little silver casket, shaped like a miniature stupa, 2 1/2 inches in height, together with a few gold flowers, pearls, garnets and crystals. The three large crystal beads and the round earornament were placed in the pot and not in the casket. The latter unfortunately was very corroded and broken, but a replica was made, which appears in the photograph showing the finds recovered from the tomb (Plate IV, fig. 2). The earthenware pot containing the casket and reliquary was placed originally in the corner of the chamber, which was filled up with earth as soon as the consecration ceremony was over. The brick dome was then built over the remains, and the plastering and decoration of the stupa completed. No traces of ornamental plaster were found in the debris round the monument, except portions of simple mouldings that once decorated the plinth and cornice of the drum. It must have been a perfectly plain structure like those of the Asokan age before the ayaka-pillars were added in the second century A.D. (Plate II, fig. 2). p. 191 In the inscriptions belonging to the Great Stupa, the monument is called the "Mahachetiya of the Lord, the Supreme Buddha," clearly showing that the tomb was consecrated to the Great Teacher and to nobody else. The discovery of the dhalu, or bone relic, proves that the monument was a dhatugarbha, or 'tomb containing a relic,' and that it was not a mere 'dedicatory' stupa. The latter were memorial stupas, which contained no relics, and, like Asoka's pillars, were erected on celebrated sites sacred to the Buddha, such as his birthplace, and so on. It is, therefore, obvious that the Great Stupa did not belong to this class of memorial monument. The inscriptions do not definitely state why the stupa was built; they merely state that the ayaka-pillars were dedicated to the Buddha, and that they were Bet up by the princess Chamtisiri and other royal ladies of the same house. Supposing the stupa to have been already in existence prior to the erection of the pillars, it would have been necessary first to enlarge the drum and build the ayaka-platforms to accommodate the pillars, and then replaster and decorate the stupa from top to bottom to complete the work. In fact, it would have meant rebuilding the whole of the exterior of the monument. Dr. Vogel is of opinion that the inscriptions show that the Mahachetiya was " founded " by Chamtisiri, but it is by no means clear whether she built, rebuilt, or merely contributed to the structure. If she did build the stupa, then it was she who enshrined the relic found in the chamber;but it is impossible to believe that so great an event as this could have occurred without the fact being recorded in at least one of the many inscriptions referring to the stupa. We know that the monument was consecrated to the Buddha, as the inscriptions are quite clear on this point. Therefore, it is reasonable to assume that the relic recovered from the tomb represents a dhatu, or corporeal relic of the Great Teacher, otherwise there could be no possible reason for calling the tomb the " Mahachetiya of the Lord, the Supreme Buddha." That the Mahachetiya was regarded as a particularly holy shrine is obvious from the tone and wording of the inscriptions found at the site. Again, the size of the tomb, the number of pious donations made by ladies of royal blood, and the fact that pilgrims came from ail over India and Ceylon to reverence it, afford testimony of this. Unfortunately, the meaning of some of the words and phrases met with in the inscriptions is very obscure. Commenting upon this, Dr. Vogel says-"A considerable difficulty in the way of interpreting the Nagarjunikonda inscriptions is the want of precision of which they show ample evidence. Considering that these inscriptions were meant to be perpetual records of pious donations made by ladies of royal blood, the careless manner in which they have been recorded is astonishing. Not only single syllables but whole words have been omitted," Dr. Hirananda Sastri, Epigraphist to the Government of India, who has also made a study of these inscriptions, found the same difficulty, and, as might be expected in the circumstances, his interpretation of the precise meaning of certain words differs from Dr. Vogel's. The records belonging to the Mahachetiya open with an invocation to the Buddha, who is extolled in a long string of laudatory epithets. Dr. Hirananda Sastri is of opinion that the style and wording of the invocation shows that the Mahachctiya has been specified in these inscriptions as " protected by the corporeal remains of the Buddha and that the genitive case is used here to discriminate this stupa from others not larly consecrated. Nine ruined stupas were discovered at Nagarjunakonda, four of them highly decorated with stone bas-reliefs similar to those recovered from Amaravati, but the Mahachetiya is the only one bearing inscriptions indicating that it was consecrated to the Buddha. The discovery of the relic and the fact that inscription B. 2 of Dr. Vogel's List, definitely gives the name of the monument as the Mahachetiya of the Buddha, seem conclusive evidence that the monument was originally built to enshrine some corporeal remains of the Buddha, as Dr. Hirananda Sastri maintains. The stupa was probably built long before Chamtisiri set up the pillars and rebuilt the structure in the second century A.D., or there abouts, which p. 192 would explain why the inscriptions give no information about the consecration or how the relic was obtained. If the Mahachetiya did exit prior to the second century A.D., the fact that it contained corporeal remains of the Great Teacher would have been known throughout India and Ceylon, thus making it unnecessary to record this information in inscriptions added to the monument in later times. We know from the inscriptions recovered from Sanchi, Sarnath and Amaravati that the great stupas that existed at these three famous sites were all rebuilt in later times. These inscriptions give the names of some of the pious donors who found the money for the additions to these monuments, but, like the Nagarjunakonda, inscriptions, they give no information concerning the purpose for which the stupas were built, or when they were erected, just the very points which we should so much like to know. The Amaravati inscriptions show that the stone casing, ayaka-pillars and stone railing were added to the Great Stupa at that place in the second or third century A.D., that is, at the same period as that in which Chamtisiri set up the pillars and rebuilt the Mahachetiya at Nagarjunakonda. Originally, the Amaravati Stupa seems to have been a,plain brick and plaster stupa similar to the Mahachetiya, and it must have been a particularly holy shrine, else it would never have been enlarged and decorated in so costly a fashion. Perhaps when Chamtisiri learned what was taking place at Amaravati, she felt it incumbent upon herself, as the leading devotee of the Buddha at Nagarjunakonda, to redecorate and improve the Mahachetiya. Personally, like Dr. Hirananda Sastri, I do not think there can be any doubt that the Mahachetiya was originally built to enshrine some corporeal remains of the Buddha, and that the fragment of bone found in the gold reliquary represents a genuine dhatu, or relic, of the Great Teacher. There is no reason why such a relic could not have been obtained from Northern India long before the days of Chamtisiri.Anne Applebaum, Washington Post
In two years, President Obama could reconceive, renegotiate and rewrite a new North Atlantic Treaty, or at least restructure NATO so that it functions like a living organism and not a Cold War relic. Not only that, he could start first thing next month, at the NATO summit in Wales.Hello, I have noticed that modern installers are struggling with wine, as a few people have reported here. I am running no-windows (except msvcrt for now) and seeing things which range from: Windows not being drawn completely Windows not being re-drawn Installers which hang completely Questions... 1. Is anyone actively looking at it? 1a. If No, what 'normally' causes such problems - Ole, windows problems or others? Where would be a good starting point 2. What system dlls would make installing easier or possible? Regards, JasonSome years ago my firm employed an ex-Lt Colonel who had been made redundant as part of the 'options for change' restructuring of the 1990s. He didn't want to leave, he confided; he rather hoped to make Brigadier at least. This was a time when the army was applying a version of 'up or out' - that if an officer, after so much time in a certain rank, failed to gain promotion they had to pack it in. It was designed to stop the blocking of a career progression and experience for the most capable coming up through the ranks. After a while it became apparent why my Colonel had been returned to civilian life; whilst hugely capable in any number of ways, and a thoroughly decent and sociable chap, he lacked a certain key strategic insight and as a consequence set off in directions that were not quite in the firm's long-term interests. He found his niche, I'm happy to say, successfully heading a small and long-established charity.
I rather strongly support 'up or out'. No-one wants to see a forty year-old Captain or a fifty year-old Major. But if the 'Telegraph's' report today is both truthful and accurate, something has gone seriously wrong. A downsizing exercise that leaves the army with the less capable whilst losing those of greater potential is not in the nation's interest. It may be that the report is flawed and part of the war of info-attrition being waged against service cuts. Or it may be that the army's severance package is just too generous. I think we need to know which - if the latter, we need to restrict the benefits. Remember that it's already cost us many hundreds of thousands of pounds to train a Lt Colonel up to that level of experience; making it too attractive to leave is a failure to protect our investment as well as disadvantaging our national interest.
5 comments:
The phenomenal rise in Private Security Companies operating across the globe has radically altered the labour market for people with military experience at all ranks. I'm not convinced that 'up or out'would make much difference.
Why would anyone want to belong to armed forces that no longer defends, or owes loyalty to their own people and their own country? Our men are now required to pay homage to our ancient enemies --- the whole setup is nothing but insult. Of course they're leaving.
Sorry --- typos @ defend... owe ...
what is wrong with a 40 year old ( hence experienced) captain. Nobody expects him to storm beaches and such like.
All to often it might mean he was in the wrong coterie.
Anon
Being a Captain is like auditioning for Major.
If you dont get the part, but dont get off the stage, the next bloke cant audition, and we slow down our recruitment of majors.Jan. 4, 1917 - May 6, 2013
Ralph Timothy Huntzinger, age 96, peacefully passed away at home in Fallon surrounded by loved ones on May 6. He was born January 4, 1917 on a homestead in southeastern Arizona. His family later moved to California where he met and married his wife, Cecile Jenkins, in 1940. Ralph volunteered as one of the first SeaBees during WWII in the Pacific, trained for deep-sea diving and underwater construction. After the war, they moved to Farmington, New Mexico then later to Hayward, California while they raised seven children.
Ralph was a resourceful and skilled craftsman in many different trades, and could invent, build, fix, and construct just about anything. He was a very hard worker and provided well for his family. A loving and generous man, Ralph and his wife, Cecile always opened their home and hearts to others. Ralph lived his life with joy and a wry sense of humor that kept everyone around him smiling and laughing. He especially loved entertaining his many grandchildren and great-grandchildren, who loved him dearly.
Ralph was a dedicated member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, where he gave a lifetime of service in various roles, including serving in four bishoprics. His wife, Cecile laughs about the fact that every time they had a new baby, Ralph was called to serve in the Bishopric.
Ralph is survived by his beloved wife, Cecile; and seven children: Linda Huntzinger Calhoun (Randy) of Farmington, NM; LaVar Huntzinger (Judy) currently serving a mission in New Zealand; Tammy Huntzinger Layton (Ron) of Gilbert, AZ; Curtis Huntzinger (Ruth) of Phoenix, AZ; Terry Huntzinger Webb (Dan) of Colorado Springs, CO; Bradley Huntzinger (Kendal Hall) of Oakland, CA; and Brett Huntzinger (Rowena) of Fallon, NV. Ralph and Cecile had a wonderful life together, raising their children and enjoying their 29 grandchildren, and numerous great-grandchildren. Ralph was dearly loved and will be greatly missed.
Funeral Services will be held on Saturday, May 11, 2013 at 11 a.m. at the LDS Church, 450 N. Taylor St. in Fallon. Visitation will precede services at 10 a.m.
Interment will follow in the Fallon Cemetery. Arrangements are under the direction of Smith Family Funeral Home in Fallon, 423-2255.
A Facebook account is requiredJuno, Sex Workers & MapQuest
When accepting her Oscar for Best Original Screenplay, Juno scribe Diablo Cody proudly displayed her bicep tat of a bikini-clad + rope bound lass, a visual reminder to viewers at home that Cody was once a stripper. And the dark humor that actress Ellen Page spits in Juno is strongly rooted in the self-aware and acerbic style of writing oft found in sex worker literature.
Women in the sex industry have historically been labeled as Victim with A Heart of Gold, Radical Feminist or Dumb Slut. Rarely are they seen as having any agency or complexity. Spread Magazine launched in 2005 to flip the script:.
For those dear readers who may be clucking and saying Not My World, let’s look at the webstat counter Alexa.com to see the story of Our Nation’s online activity.
Megarotic has more visits than Amazon, AOL and Blogger
YouPorn beats Digg and The New York Times
Adult Friend Finder…gets more love than MapQuest?
With porn’s market position as an ‘outsider industry’, we may be inclined to think that some of these xxxsites are clickbotting. While we may question Ms. Alexa, her stats are bandied about like Mr. Nielson’s ratings. Fact is, porn is no longer just “finding Dad’s Playboys” (i looked, alas he had none) or a dusty VHS. It’s everywhere and we’re all, shall we say, touched, by it.
Now Sex & The City EP Darren Star has an upcoming HBO series based on Tracy Quan’s Diary of a Manhattan Call Girl. Also coming, Washingtonienne and Secret Diary of a Call Girl.
Given that Carrie Bradshaw spawned trends like drinking Cosmos, lusting after Manohlo Blahniks and hearting Marc Jacobs, I’m curious to see what details our pop culture might take from an expensive prostitute. Going beyond any new trends, maybe this show and Diablo Cody’s high profile will begin to remix the public discussion of American sex workers and this naughty little $12 billion industry.
—-
UPDATES
4/24/08
What does it mean when Nintendo’s Wii has a stripper video game?
5/16/08
Teens + Sex and the City
6/10/08
NYT and 365 days of sex
Porn = Normal trend report
7/24
Porn vs. Prostitution
8/17
Porn visits Sesame Street?
[…].” […]
[…] Last week Robin Hafitz from Open Mind/kb+p gave a great presentation about how the walls of public/private space are melting. One sign of these times is the sex tapes and commando-flashing tactics of Brit/LiLo/Paris. The recording and sharing of sex is no longer in the back room, but writ large, and as Robin noted, Barbie and Ken aren’t just dating, they’re making porn. […]
[…] Maybe 15 year old lads are now telling mom that they read Vice…for the articles. Is the mag sending a message to women that they can best participate in this ohsohip world sans shirt? Does it castrate the value of writing about India’s Gulabi Gang? Or am I just outdated? In the internet era, with Playboy aiming 80% of retail at women, are the pics betwixt the pages a non-issue – just progressive duality? […]
[…] written before on the subject of sex and authorship and believe in the virtues of Neo Burlesque and Suicide Girls […]
That was a long time ago.
[…] the sex industry – or at least that which is projected via Madison Ave? Juno already got me wondering about this. Much in the same way that hip-hop and brands have a sometimes secret affair, I bet 30 years ago […]Jugar Ninjago Com Games
com. ninjago com com Observe numerous waves related with the Undead jugar you are able to survive. com.
com is donating the sponsorship money from the game to Katrina victims. com guests. com. com A poor wine merchant was actually regretfully stuck inside a wine storage place. com.
Let’s play unlimited jugar chaos jugar ninjago com games and it is free.
You can play the best jugar ninjago com games in this section because here is a special part for lovers of jugar ninjago com games.Just.
In the Times, Bill Keller suggested that it was time for Adams to accept the inevitable, since “the cancer that had colonized her lymph nodes, liver, lungs and bones had established a beachhead in her spine.” In Britain, he writes, patients have “the option” of saving the socialists some money by being unplugged from everything:.
Keller concluded by quoting Steven Goodman, dean at Stanford's medical school, who said the cancer patient's blog "shouldn't be unduly praised. Equal praise is due to those who accept an inevitable fate with grace and courage." As opposed to graceless cowards like Adams? Tone-deaf Keller was shocked this would make a reader furious.
Welcome to the spirit of Obamacare. Show some "dignity" and die, already.
Washington Post media reporter Paul Farhi reported this story Tuesday, leading with the obvious: "Lesson No. 1: Publicly questioning the motives and intentions of a woman who is seriously ill with cancer can land you in a heap of controversy." First came Mrs. Keller (the second Mrs. Keller):
In a column in Britain’s the Guardian headlined “Forget funeral selfies. What are the ethics of tweeting a terminal illness?,” Emma Keller questioned Adams’s copious self-disclosure and Keller’s own voyeuristic fascination with it last Wednesday: “Should there be boundaries in this kind of experience?” she wrote. “Is there such a thing as TMI? Are her tweets a grim equivalent of deathbed selfies, one step further than funeral selfies? Why am I so obsessed?”
The Guardian then removed the column from its website, citing the ethical violation that Mrs. Keller had quoted from Twitter direct messages from Adams without her consent.
Farhi noted the blowback at Bill:
Among the outraged on Twitter, New Yorker writer Susan Orlean tweeted: “I am appalled on every level by Bill Keller’s oped piece about @adamslisa. Astonishing.”
Adams herself offered this: "The main thing is that I am alive. Do not write me off and make statements about how my life ends TIL IT DOES, SIR."
PS: This story was buried on page 6 of Style today, across from the funnies. Farhi had a front-page story for Style, too -- on Gabe Sherman's Ailes-trashing doorstop of a book, starting with how young Roger and his brother Robert Jr. were beaten by their father until they stopped crying.
PPS: The Times public editor Margaret Sullivan wrote up the double-Keller attack.I have seen some really great threads about when some of you ladies have gone into labor. I do realize that every labor progresses differently, but as a FTM I was wondering if you showered our had time to before you went to L&D.
BTDT Moms Did You Shower Before Going To L&D
Posted 01/24/2013
I showered in the morning before I went to school. I had my 38 week appointment later that day and when I went in I was told I was going to the hospital right then so no time for a shower right before.
--
Angel baby7/09 8 wks, DS 9/17/11, DS 5/19/13
Me 30, Him 32 7/12/08
Angel baby7/09 8 wks, DS 9/17/11, DS 5/19/13
Posted 01/24/2013
I had it planned that i would but my labor progressed so fast i couldnt even get into the shower so we left for the hospital right away. Good thing i didnt take a shower bc my daughter was born an hour and a half later
Posted 01/24/2013
LOL@ Nola - I did shower that morning and had just gotten a bikini wax the previous day!
--
Married my best friend in 2007. Now we are parents to two wonderful daughters!!
< Browse more posts
What's on your mind?
TFST Kickstarter Update #18 - February 2014
2013 was a busy and exciting year for The Fifth Sacred Thing! We are happy for the opportunity to share the highlights of our march toward production with you.
Making... Read more
TFST Kickstarter Update #17 - April 2013
We have been a very busy group lately developing and building the production of The Fifth Sacred Thing to bring the best possible film to life. Our core production team... Read more
The Fifth Sacred Thing Film - One year update
Dear friends,
It’s been just over a year since we launched our highly successful Kickstarter campaign to support making The Fifth Sacred Thing into a movie. Thanks to you and... Read more
Thank You for making our Kickstarter campaign a success!!
Blessings and Gratitude from The Fifth Sacred Thing Production Team!
We Did It!
We did it, everyone! We're 127% funded, thanks to you--and up in the top 50 of Kickstarter's most funded projects! Huge gratitude to all of you who donated, who Liked... Read more
Only 24 Hours Left!
We're almost at the end--thanks to all of you who have been such awesome support! Now's the time to remind your friends--there's just a few more hours left to pledge.... Read more
The Five-Fold Path: A Gift of Thanks for Your Support
Our Kickstarter campaign is drawing to a close in just a few days. I’ve felt so astoundingly gifted by all of the amazing support we’ve received! From people giving us... Read more
The Fifth Sacred Thing Green Plan
We're so pleased and excited about reaching our original funding goal--thanks to your great support! Now we're getting into the home stretch--with less than a week to go, and still... Read more
Update #9 - Lammas Blessings and Gratitude - We did it!!
Lammas morning—I woke up and saw that during the night we’d reached our first funding point on our Kickstarter campaign for The Fifth Sacred Thingmovie. Yesterday, I’d posted... Read more
August 1--Lammas, The Time of the Reaper
August 1, Lammas, one of the eight key Celtic Pagan holidays on the Wheel of the Year. Lammas, traditionally, was the beginning of the harvest, when the early crops are... Read more
The Magic Of Numbers!
Thanks to you, all of our awesome supporters, we’re over two-thirds funded at themidpoint of our campaign! I send deep gratitude to all of you who have shown theirfaith in... Read more
Kickstarter Update #6 - Let's make Kickstarter History!
We are now halfway through our Kickstarter campaign for The Fifth Sacred Thing, and the response has been tremendous! With over 10,000 likes and on our page now,... Read more
Halfway there!
Tomorrow marks three weeks into our Kickstarter campaign. I was hoping we’d hit the halfway mark by then—and then this morning, I woke up to find we were there, and... Read more
The Fifth Sacred Thing - Week Two Update
Just two weeks into our Kickstarter campaign, and we've already raised over a third of our goal—thank you, everyone! We still have a long way to go, but the response... Read more
The Fifth Sacred Thing - Week One Update
After only one week of our 60 day campaign, we have already reached an amazing 37% of our funding target! The pace has been astounding, and we are overwhelmed with... Read more
Exciting progress!
We're entering our sixth day of this campaign, and we're almost 1/3 of the way to our goal! I'm seeing some well-loved, familiar faces on the donors list, but so... Read more
TFST Project Update - Day 1
We are so touched and thrilled by the outpouring of support on the first day of our Kickstarter campaign! Heartfelt thanks to all of you who have donated and who... Read moreEven More on Murky Coffee
The Capitol Hill Current Voice of The Hill reports that "Murky Coffee owes the District 427,395 in unpaid sales tax dating back to November 2004." This information comes courtesy of Natalie Wilson of the city's Office of Tax and Revenue. The new number puts Murky Cafe owner Nick Cho's debt at almost twice that of what was reported here on Feb. 27.
For those with an unquenchable fascination with the ins and outs of the Capitol Hill Murky demise, here's an e-mail interview with tax office Deputy General Counsel William Bowie:
1)How did Murky Coffee get to this point?
Answer: While I cannot provide you with specific taxpayer information, generally a seizure will take place if a taxpayer ignores tax deficiency notices we send them, fail to submit financial information to determine if they can maintain a payment plan, fail to meet with us to discuss the tax situation and fail to stay current on there tax obligations while discussing there delinquent situation, then they are candidates for a seizure. Also, if it involves delinquent sales tax for multiple periods they will also be candidates for a seizure.
2) What prompted you to move on Murky now? It's been a couple of years, right?
See answer for #1
3)What are Murky's options?
Answer: Pay the outstanding sales tax delinquency.
4) Will the Murky in Arlington be effected? Why or why not?
Answer: We have the option of pursuing the assets of a delinquent taxpayer wherever they may be. There is a legal process for doing this and this is an option we would look at executing.
5) What will happen to the property if owner Nick Cho is unable to pay?
Answer: If the taxpayer fails to pay the liability the seized assets owned by the taxpayer will be auctioned.
6) Did Cho receive any sort of warning on the morning of the seizure?
Answer: Before we seize taxpayer assets they generally will receive multiple notices and calls warning them of the consequences for failing to come into tax compliance.
7) Cho's place was raided around 10 a.m. on a Tuesday. Is it usual practice to do this sort of thing during business hours? Why or why not?
Answer: If the establishment is open during normal work hours then that is when we will do the seizure. We have commenced doing some seizures of businesses that are only open after normal business hours. i.e., nightclubs, restaurants only open for dinner.
8) Cho said, "It's like when you get caught speeding, was i speeding? Yes. Does this feel like bullshit? Yes." What's your take on his angst?
Answer: If a taxpayer knows he owes us sales tax monies, receives notices of such and still fails to make arrangements to pay, then they should know what the probable outcome will be. Sales tax monies are monies the merchant hold in trust for payment to DC government. Those monies are used to pay for city services. The merchant has no right to spend those monies for their own purposes. It is against the law.
9) How common is all this?
Answer: Unfortunately, as business tax delinquencies increase, particularly for failure to pay sales tax, our tax seizures will increase.
–Rend Smith
Verifications
- Phone Number▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ 16
- Reviewed2 Reviews
About Me
- Work
- St Peter's College
- Fiona's Airbnb Symbol
Visit create.airbnb.com »
Hey, I’m Fiona!
Adelaide, South Australia, Australia · Member since February 2012
We are a professional couple in our 50's. David is a school principal and Fiona works as a personal assistant. We love to travel, reading, good music and fine wine. We are quiet respectful people and will treat your home like we would our own home.
Thank you for staying with us Fiona..In the future you may want to think about traveling to a major city on New Years???On Nov 16, 2009, at 8:22 PM, Chuck Swiger wrote: > Hi-- > > On Nov 16, 2009, at 2:28 PM, Steven Bellovin wrote: >> As a hack, how about creating a .dmg file on the NFS or whatever file >> system, and point Time Machine at it. Would that work? (I just use a USB >> disk for my Mac backups, so I haven't worried about it.) > > Supposedly, yes, although people have reported that using AFP is noticeably > faster than using either SMB or NFS filesharing as the transport: > > > > > > Regards, > -- > -Chuck > > PS: My apologies if this is diverging from NetBSD-oriented stuff... :-) > I'll return it to NetBSD -- the kernel seems to support AppleTalk, at least for network stuff. Does that suffice, or does one need the pkgsrc netatalk package? --Steve Bellovin,
but it sounds more like something for castle crashers
Really?
Rated 5 / 5 stars
HARDCORE
This is so amazing the mountains of Scotland are trembling before its awesomeness!
Thanks!
Rated 5 / 5 stars
Amazing + cool '80s feeling
First of all, this song is amazing. It's great, it has a cool melody, and has a cool late '80s, early '90s feeling to it, probably because of the guitar, which is very cool. And, last but not least, the coolest thing about this song, is that the guitar gives it the cinematographic feeling of films like "Black Rain" with Michael Douglas or "Year of the Dragon" with Mickey Rourke (both from the '80s), with a touch of modernity to it.
So, about the melody and instruments; melody was really cool, like most of your songs. The instruments; this was interesting, most of the instruments you used, well acctually all of them, are instruments you often use in your songs, and they all gave a good kick-ass feeling to this song, like that epic trailer sounding part at 4:49. Except that the guitar you used felt kinda old, not saying it was bad, like I said before, it's really cool, but what was funny is having this very modern, trailer like sound being invaded by a guitar that seems like it's strait from the '80s. Very funny, and very cool.
I really don't have much more to say, except that you better make some more stuff that sounds like the '80s heheh. :P
And, I've decided to make a scene for this song:
Chinatown, Manhattan, 1987
These were the days where the brick walls in chinatown were still all red, where a bunch of cars from the '70s were still around, and when a lot of crimes were still commited...
(0:17) Its night, the street neons are all lit up, there's a slight, cold rain, the kind that's a real pain. 22:09 P.M. the police finally arrive on a fresh crime scene, located in a dark alley behind a big parking building, a young chinese man with a slit throat. 22:32 P.M. a dirty, red 1974 trans am arrives. It stops next to the alley. The driver comes out, his name's inspector Frank Cortigan (Nicholas Lea). 37 year old Frank has been inspector for a couple of years now, and everyone knows that when Frank shows up, that's means Frank's in charge, no questions asked. He slowly walks through the alley, he sees the body, stops to look at it, he then lits a smoke.
(0:34) The investigation's on, Frank rides around chinatown, looking for the right people to talk to, and it doesn't take much time, since he knows this neighborhood very well. (1:25) After talking to a few people, he then finds a guy who's clearly hiding something, he takes him out onto an alley behind a restaurant, and beats him good. He tells him the triad/chinese mob is responsible for the death of the young man. The situation is getting serious... But Frank's ready, even if he's got to face the triads.
(2:33) The '74 trans am suddely flies through the streets, followed by a group of slick black sedans. The Triads. Aerial view of the chase, the chinese mob attempts to fire at the red vehicle, in vain. The shots echo throughout the entire neighborhood. Other scenes show up at the same time as the chase, Frank interrogating a mobster, and getting mad, or running on building tops followed by a bunch of chinese men in suits. (3:33) One of the black sedans closest to the trans am gets a flat tire, swirves against a concrete wall which sends it flying against the others. A crash can be heard, pieces of glass and metal fly through the red alley, and it all ends with an explosion. (3:41) More interrogating, more blood...
(4:15) Frank drives his car throughout some streets, takes a smoke, his zippo lighter, lits it up. Another scene where he fights off a lone triad member, hoping to get some information...
(4:49) Now this is the kick-ass trailer part, more sedans chasing the trans am, Frank running in the street holding his pistol, another chase... (4:58) Frank fighting off a mobster in some crappy hotel room, one of the black, slick sedans doing a barrel roll in the air, and Frank going through a window. (5:08) Frank's silhouette, smoking.
Hope you enjoyed this super long scene man,
Cheers,
GX3
Wow, what a great scene you've created! I loved reading through it while listening to the music. You should become a writer :)
Thanks for the great review!
Rated 5 / 5 stars
woah
Thats amazing.. a lot of changed things like 3:40 especially but wow.. nice
Thanks- glad you could hear the changes!
Rated 5 / 5 stars
Satisfaction
Kudos, my man! You are so at home in this medium. I love that in all your pieces I've heard (even in those I didn't care for) you are always completely in control of where your music starts, where it's going, and how it gets there--your mastery of form is your greatest strength!
Thanks Ben! Always a pleasant surprise to see a review by you :)March 28, 2006 1:45 PM PST
Dell to unveil new wide-screen notebooks
- Related Stories
Dell strikes deal with VodafoneJanuary 24, 2006
Notebook.
See more CNET content tagged:
notebook computer, Dell Latitude, Intel Core Duo, display, Dell
1 commentJoin the conversation! Add your comment
- Premature Launch
- Turns out that they launched them before the suppliers could fill the orders. I received quotes for the core duo D620 with the 256 nVidia quadro chip, but was told a day later that they couldn't honor the quote. They have since removed the nVidia chip from the build list. All that's left is the onboard intel chip. Bummer.
- Like Reply Link Flag
-What verses especially teach us about the character of God? How can we apply what is seen here to our understanding of last-day events?
The prophecy of Nahum is God’s Word against the kingdoms of this world as represented by Nineveh. As the prophet looked at his world, he saw the hand of God moving against the Assyrian Empire. He announced that its capital city, Nineveh, would soon fall, never to rise again. Nahum spoke with absolute confidence because he knew God’s character and, through the gift of prophecy (Nah. 1:1), he had been shown by the Lord what would happen. The Lord will not leave the guilty unpunished (Nah. 1:3, Exod. 34:6-7).
The Assyrians had plundered many nations and had an insatiable lust for power. Their cruelty was notorious. As God’s “razor” (Isa. 7:20), they eagerly had shorn their neighbors. Now it was time for the razor to be broken. Instruments of God’s judgment are not exempt from judgment. Nineveh exists no more, but the prophetic testimony lives on. It reminds us that though God’s justice seems slow, nothing ultimately can stop it.
As we have seen in an earlier lesson, years before Nahum’s time, the Ninevites, having heard Jonah’s preaching, had repented, and God had spared their city. But the repentance had not lasted; the people returned to their old ways. Many countries that had suffered under its oppressive yoke would greet the news of Nineveh’s fall with thunderous applause. A messenger will come to bring good news (Isa. 52:7) that the power of Assyria is broken, with its gods. God’s people will again be able to worship in peace (Nah. 1:15).
As great as the Lord’s anger is, more tender is His mercy. He protects those who await the fullness of His goodness. Nahum teaches that God cares for those who trust in Him, but that with an overwhelming flood He will pursue His enemies into darkness (Nah. 1:8). God was behind it all, for He had determined that Nineveh’s day of judgment had come.
The prophet shows that God has awesome power. All creation trembles before Him. He does not tolerate sin forever. At the same time, He is the Savior of those who trust in Him. There is no middle ground. We are on one side or the other. “‘He who is not with Me,” Jesus said, “is against Me’” (Matt. 12:30, NKJV).
We thank God for we have access to such great information. Yes, He is the Creator and the prophet has made perfectly clear, that He will forver be a Supreme being. I think we are also being taught that we should never forget His position in our lives, that He should come first. "...clouds are like dust to His feet..."Holy,High,Mighty is our God and Sacred is His law. The best thing is for humanity to stick to such unfailing love.
What a message to us today! That judgement is imminent, that though it may seem slow to come it will surely come.
The wicked will face the full wrath of God's judgement but the righteous will enjoy the blessings kept for them from the beginning of the world. Today and now in the time of deep soul-searching. Let's pray as if our lives were at stake, for surely they are if we've not made our minds to be for Christ....
By nature, man delights in oppressing others. Unfortunately, they are ready to be oppressed. May God's spirit touch us so that we can humble ourselves before God does it.
"I will not treat the remnant of this people as in the former days." ..."The vine shall give its fruit, the ground shall give her increase, and the heavens shall give their dew. I will cause the remnant of this people to possess all these things." I will save you and you shall be a blessing... The inhabitants of one city shall go to another, saying, let us continue to go and pray before the Lord, and seek the Lord of hosts, I myself will go also."...Zechariah 8:11,12,13, 21. Wounderful promises.
He certainly is the Saviour of those who trust in Him.
This message from this week study want us to prepare for God's great dayPretty much
Jan 29th, 2013 at 8:48 am by susie
Fred Clark asks: Do white evangelicals have a delusional persecution complex? (What do you think?)
Jan 29th, 2013 at 8:48 am by susie
Fred Clark asks: Do white evangelicals have a delusional persecution complex? (What do you think?)
Posted in Just Plain Crazy,
Clark thinks that Evangelical Christians are “delusional.” Let’s begin there. American Evangelical Christians are bestest friends with the Zionists. I’ll let you figure out why. Here’s a hint, it has to do with another Evangelical delusion called Armageddon which involves the destruction of Israel. This very day Zionist front groups like Bill Kristol and Sheldon Adelson’s, Emergency Committee for Israel, are trying to destroy Chuck Hagel. The Evangelical Christians are backing these neo-con master propagandists with big bucks. The last time the Evangelicals and the Zionist propagandists teamed up they sold the illegal war in Iraq to the American public. Don’t ever sell the manipulators of the delusional short.
“I’ll let you figure out why.” Actually, you didn’t.
Persecution complex? Oh, you betcha. But, delusional? I don’t know. The inculcation of feelings persecution is a tried and true tool in creating a cadre of mindless, morally challenged followers. Our Corporate Masters have funded and promoted the infliction of mental disease to advance various elements of their conservative political agenda. Now the beast has come of age and it wants blood. It doesn’t matter whose blood, just point them in the direction of any one of their ambiguous fears and watch them create chaos.We found 2 sites within 15 miles of Nawton with 0 bookable
Let us help you find more search results…
Try increasing your search radius to within 25, 35, 45, 55 miles of Nawton.
Try widening your geographic area to: North Yorkshire, or North East England, or England.
Remove all
or some of the search filters:
Remove Campfires allowedDemocrats for Haslam!
One reason Democrats may be having trouble finding a candidate to run against Republican Gov. Bill Haslam is that many of them are supporting Haslam.
Former state Democratic Party Chair Randy Button was a host for a Haslam fund-raiser this week, pledging to raise $50,000 for the governor. Another host, pledging to raise $100,000 for Haslam, was Gov. Phil Bredesen's Deputy Governor Dave Cooley. Anna Windrow, who served on Bredesen's staff, was also a host in the $50,000 category.
They join a long list of top Democratic lobbyists who were also on the host committee.
The Tuesday breakfast got in just under the wire. Session started Tuesday and the governor and legislators are prohibited from raising campaign contributions during session. Which is one reason session is predicted to end in mid-April to clear the decks for campaigning. is amazing what can be done with a few simple tools and the willingness to take on the job of DIY decorating. Do-it-yourselfers understand that a little work can pay off with enormous results. A hot glue gun is a valuable tool that can be used to make decorations large and small. Use it to affix customized labels to a DIY Burlap Chocolate Chip Cookie Jar one minute, then turn around and put up gossamer on all the walls with it the next. With a temperature of 150 degrees, the glue gun is actually pretty cool and safe to use compared to some other products on the market.
If you want something done right, the do-it-yourself tools from Stumps will help you achieve your desired results quickly and efficiently. DIY tools such as the magnet strip with adhesive allow you to hang decorations securely and with confidence, while the mini wooden easel is a great way to display a small canvas painting or to set out place cards to direct guests properly. And for those little projects or repairs that always pop up around the house, consider getting some Pump Spray Glue – it lets you squirt glue where you need it without the messy application process found in other methods.The Shakespeare Conference: SHK 14.1297 Thursday, 26 June 2003 From: Keith Hopkins <This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.> Date: Wednesday, 25 Jun 2003 19:45:41 +0100 Subject: Richard and Bolingbroke Medieval Historians still cannot agree on what worth Bolingbrok's real intentions when he decided without Richards authority to return to England from exile. My own view is that Bolingbroke did indeed harbour designs on the crown. Bolingbroke was a shrewd and skillful political operator, something of a crowd pleaser and he was fully aware that Richards arbitrary mismanagement of the realm and disrespect for conditions and property rights of the barons was creating a constitutional crises that Bolingbroke with his ruthless eye for the main chance could exploit to stunning advantage for himself. The interesting point is, I think, that Richard for all his faults, may well have been aware of just this point of the danger posed by Bolingbroke, which is why he exiled him in the first place. This is a theme I have developed in my soon to be finished book on all Shakespeares Roman and English History Plays. Basically the idea is that the quarrel between Mowbray and Bolongbroke was pretty much manufactured by Bolingbroke when he accuses Mowbray of being in effect a traitor, because he knows that this will inevitably lead to a trial by combat, which it does, though it is aborted by Richard who does not wish to see his principle supporter, Mowbray risked being killed by Bolingbroke, his principle critic and opponent, even at that time. It is a terrible no win situation for Richard which Bolingbroke deliberately engineers in order to discomfort and undermine Richards rule and one can only think with the ulterior motive that Boligbroke wishes to unseat Richard and make himself King. If Bolingbroke were to win the trial by combat, it would have dealt, I suggest in my book, a devastating blow to Richard. According to the theory of trial by combat, Bolingbroke overcoming Mowbray would prove that Richards most loyal, powerful and richest supporter was a traitor all along, and not only would this undermine what the medievals called, the Kings Worship and confidence or credit by people in his reign. It would also imperil the slender support of his rule amongst the barons. If Mowbray won, almost certainly a civil war would have been in the offing. The gaunt Bolingbroke Lancastrian family was vastly wealthy and can call out a following of many thousands of armed retainers and tenants in addition to wide support among the barons. True, there would have been no natural leader of the opposition party ot Richard if Bolingbroke had died and young Hal his son was a mere slip of a lad of around 10 years of age, and we all know that his youthful foibles probably debarred him certainly at that early age from leading a revolt against Richard, though I think it is pretty clear a leader probably would have emerged from among the barons who certainly were not completely a boorish and illiterate lot, as it is often supposed. It was all an impossible situation for Richard and in my view he responded with a degree of statesmanship that is never really been given credit for, unfortunately, his friend and supporter had to be exiled for life, which I agree is a poor reward for this noble and valiant knight, whom Shakespeare plays a touching tribute to in the play, when he reports his death on the crusade, but the simple fact is that Mowbray had to go because there was no other way to even temporarily diffuse the potent threat to his crown, that was posed by Bolingbroke. Yes, by sending Mowbray away he further weakened the support for his rule, but the fact is that even with Mowbray's support, he almost certainly could not defeat the vast powerbase that Bolingbroke represented, and his only hope, wrong though we can see this in retrospect, was to try to reach an accomodation with Bolingbroke, hence the reduced period of his exile. Ok, we can see at best , it was only a temporary solution and Richard then goes and does something which is very Richard, by illegally seizing Bolingbroke's estates, which is an act of the most stunning act of misjudgement, because Richard naively thought that if he seized these goods he would also be appropriate in being supportive. But the aborted trial by combat avoided a terrible confrontation between Richard and his enemies and much blood shed, and don't forget, Richard's abdication can also be seen as Richards deliberately choosing to avoid civil conflict and unnecessary deaths. Bolingbroke does want the return of his land, but far more than that. Anyway, even if it was only his land he wanted the shear vastness of his estates and power made him a claimant for the throne, which Richard was aware of, and probably why he seized the land in the first place, and Bolingbroke was returning in direct defiance of the ban that he had been laid under by Richard and his return therefore, is a flagrant assault on the Kings authority, and both men know this, and it can only be the case that one or other has to give way. Interestingly, Richard throws in the towel, pretty much without a fight, and Bolingbroke's Grandson Henry the V1, does the same, in act 1. scene 1, of Henry the V1 part 3, in the face of Yorkist threats. Richards bows to the inevitability of these overwhelming military and political power, and throws in the towel. All along I believe, both men have been aware of the deadly game that has been played out right from the start when Bolingbroke first accused Mowbray, and my view, Bolinbroke is always the man who would be King. The return form exile to seek return of his lands is therefore just a code for his supporters and Richard to understand what he really means. I saw the Globe production, and thought that Mark Rylance as Richard 11 was simply brilliant, and the actor playing Bolingbroke was indeed very, very good. I agree Bolingbroke seems surprised when Richard abdicates, but then, Bolingbroke was a man with many layers of self delusion and self deception, and even such an able exponent of the art of realpolitik would baulk at the idea of deposing the legitimate successor to the Black Prince and a man born clearly in the purple so openly and against so much legal form and precedent. Bolingbroke's discomfort with deposing Richard is the canker that gnaws away at him, and his remorse for what he has done is a theme of the later plays. He just cannot be seen to be actively and openly working to overthrow the lawful King. Bolingbroke is very much a man with a divided self, and man of contradictions, which Shakespeare in his brilliant manner, only elliptically suggests in the play, by the frequent silences by Bolingbroke in the play when Richard does all the talking. I doesn't seem to me to be muddling anything, rather it is subtly suggesting in its nuances the complex realities of the political symmetry between both characters..The Impact of Later Retirement Ages on Aggregate Household Savings and Saving Rates: An Analysis of OECD Countries
As a result of population aging, governments of many OECD countries have begun to implement policies to increase average retirement ages in an attempt to alleviate some of the Â…nancial & Ryan M. Goodstein, 2010. "Can Social Security Explain Trends in Labor Force Participation of Older Men in the United States?," Journal of Human Resources, University of Wisconsin Press, vol. 45(2).
- Eytan Sheshinski, 2006. "Note on Longevity and Aggregate Savings," Scandinavian Journal of Economics, Wiley Blackwell, vol. 108(2), pages 353-356, 07.
-.
- Robert M. Schmidt & Allen C. Kelley, 1996. "Saving, dependency and development," Journal of Population Economics, Springer, vol. 9(4), pages 365-386.
- Andrew Mason & Tomoko Kinugasa, 2005. "Why Nations Become Wealthy: The Effects of Adult Longevity on Saving," Working Papers 200514, University of Hawaii at Manoa, Department of Economics.
- An, Chong-Bum & Jeon, Seung-Hoon, 2006. "Demographic change and economic growth: An inverted-U shape relationship," Economics Letters, Elsevier, vol. 92(3), pages 447-454, September.
- Gupta, Kanhaya L, 1971. "Dependency Rates and Savings Rates: Comment," American Economic Review, American Economic Association, vol. 61(3), pages 469-71, June.
-.
- Goldberger, Arthur S, 1973. "Dependency Rates and Savings Rates: Further Comment," American Economic Review, American Economic Association, vol. 63(1), pages 232-33, March.
- Ram, Rati, 1982. "Dependency Rates and Aggregate Savings: A New International Cross-Section Study," American Economic Review, American Economic Association, vol. 72(3), pages 537-44, June.
- Eytan Sheshinski, 2009. "Longevity and Aggregate Savings," Discussion Paper Series dp519, The Federmann Center for the Study of Rationality, the Hebrew University, Jerusalem.
- Eytan Sheshinski, 2005. "Longevity and Aggregate Savings," Discussion Paper Series dp403, The Federmann Center for the Study of Rationality, the Hebrew University, Jerusalem.
- Eytan Sheshinski, 2006. "Longevity and Aggregate Savings," CESifo Working Paper Series 1828, CESifo Group Munich.
- Aylit Tina Romm, 2012. "Retirement Date Effects on Pre-Retirement Wealth Accumulation: An Analysis of US Households," Working Papers 266, Economic Research Southern Africa.
- Leff, Nathaniel H, 1971. "Dependency Rates and Savings Rates: Reply," American Economic Review, American Economic Association, vol. 61(3), pages 476-80, June.
- Milton Friedman, 1957. "A Theory of the Consumption Function," NBER Books, National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc, number frie57-1, August.
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:rza:wpaper:269..Chevrolet Repair in Waddington
Our master mechanics identify the best Chevrolet repair shops in Waddington. Edit search×
×
There are 25 Chevrolet service shops and mechanics in Wadd Waddington.
1111 Patterson Street, Ogdensburg
Specialties:
Collision Repair & Paint, Service & Repair
"Excellent service, very reasonable price, fast service"
14 Depot Street, Potsdam
6085 Us Hwy 11, Canton
Makes:
- Chevrolet
- Dodge
- Ford
- GMC
- Ram
Specialties:
Roadside Assistance, Service & Repair
703 Main St, Ogdensburg
Specialties:
Service & Repair, Windshield/Glass
5376 State Hwy 56, Potsdam
18 Riverside Drive, Canton
6100 County Rt 6, Ogdensburg
3 Fine St, Ogdensburg
Specialties:
Service & Repair, Windshield/Glass
64 Lincoln Ave, Waddington
159 Meade Rd, Canton
Specialties:
AC/Heating, Alignment, Check Engine Light, Collision Repair & Paint, Diagnosis, Mobile Repair, Muffler & Exhaust, Oil Change & Lube, Scheduled Maintenance, Service & Repair, Timing Belts, Tire Sales/Repair, Transmission Repair
30 Riverside Dr, Canton
11 1/2 Riverside Drive, Canton
255 East Orvis Street, Massena
Makes:
- Chevrolet
1145 State Hwy 345, Potsdam
1301 State Street, Ogdensburg
87 West Lincoln Ave, Waddington
6638 State Highway 56, Potsdam
653 Irish Settlement Rd, Ogdensburg
1380 Old Market Rd, Norwood
15039 St Hwy 37, Massena
4835 New York 68, Ogdensburg
Makes:
- Buick
- Chevrolet
Specialties:
Collision Repair & Paint, Service & Repair
1387 St Rte 345, Madrid
536 Sissonville Rd., Potsdam
5473 St Rt 37, Malone
Specialties:
AC/Heating, Check Engine Light, Diagnosis, Mobile Repair,.Super Hot Salt: A Super Cool Solar Technology Innovation
Largest Solar Storage Deal in the World Paves Way for Baseload Solar
.
By clicking and submitting a comment I acknowledge the Science Progress Privacy Policy and agree to the Science Progress Terms of Use. I understand that my comments are also being governed by Facebook's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.So I am still addicted to this unique tea drink. I think that Kombucha Brooklyn has really improved this tea over the two years I’ve been drinking it. Not that it wasn’t delicious in the beginning, I just notice that it seems to be perfect every time. it has a significant amount of fizziness and my spirit soars when I drink it. You HAVE to try it.
Preparation
Iced 0 min, 15 sec.
- 
- 2015 Diversity Summit.
- 
- Title IX/Sexual Harassment or, in the case of classified employees, the Nevada Administrative Code. Sexual harassment, including sexual violence, is a form of discrimination; it is illegal.
- Phone Cases
Encantadoby Jemma Salume:Dr. Bae, a neurologist in Willoughby Hills, OH, helps patients with neurological disorders, such as epilepsy or ALS.
Learn More
We invite you to write a review about your experience with Dr. Bae.
Find potential causes and treatment options with the MD.com Symptom Checker.
See our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.It's interesting to understand how other experience things.
Designing the UI for some software that I'm releasing.
That Gmail can't have two windows open at the same time. I often want to cut and paste from past emails, so I end up opening these in another browser, so I'll compose in Firefox and paste from Safari.
Not a designer, but I do some design work.
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyTranscendence
Transcendence
Genre: Action/Drama/Science-Fiction
Directed by: Wally Pfister
Written by: Jack Paglen, Jordan Goldberg, Alex Paraskevas, Wally Pfister
Starring: Johnny Depp, Morgan Freeman, Rebecca Hall, Cillian Murphy, Clifton Collins Jr, Kate Mara, Paul Bettany
Release Date: April 18, 2014
Watch the movie trailer of Transcendence below:
No Trailer available yet.
Movie Plot:
Three scientists — Max (Cillian Murphy) and the husband and wife team, Will (Johnny Depp) and Evelyn (Rebecca Hall) —.
:)On 21/03/2003 12:45 Jeff Turner wrote:
> On Thu, Mar 20, 2003 at 03:56:56PM +0100, Steven Noels wrote:
>
>>On 20/03/2003 14:35 like, don't you worry: today, I'm the semantic sucker! :-)
> I'm fine with the change.
> We probably should go even further - seemingly petty DTD limitations are
> very frustrating. As long as before 0.5 is released, we fix up the DTD
> versioning.
Yup. I've looked into that DTD-deficiencies thing for inspiration, but
dropped some because of laziness or utter despise - all highly personal,
of course. I'll run through it again and see which other ones I could
tackle and report back.
Any suggestions towards versioning? If changes are backward-compatible
(I'm trying hard), will we bump PUBLIC identifiers (meaning people need
to be aware of them), version files explicitely instead of abusing CVS
for that...?
</Steven>
--
Steven Noels
Outerthought - Open Source, Java & XML Competence Support Center
Read my weblog at
stevenn at outerthought.org stevenn at apache.orgMadelaine Rives Performer Female Productions ProductionsDate of ProductionsThe Price of Money[Play, Drama, Original] Performer: Madelaine Rives Aug 29, 1906 - Oct 1906La Belle Marseillaise[Play, Drama, Original] Performer: Madelaine Rives Nov 27, 1905 - Dec 1905Lord and Lady Algy[Play, Comedy, Revival] Performer: Madelaine Rives Dec 14, 1903 - Dec 1903 Find out where Madelaine Rives and are credited together © 2001-2015, The Broadway League, All Rights Reserved. (Copyright and Disclaimer)- Jamison Hensley, ESPN Staff Writer
It's six days until the deadline to use the franchise tag, 14 days until the start of free agency and 58 days until the draft begins. Now that the countdowns are out of the way, here's your wake-up call ...
RAVENS: Safety Ed Reed has reached out to former LSU defensive back Tyrann Mathieu, the 2011 Heisman Trophy finalist known as the "Honey Badger." Well, sort of. “He never talked to me personally but he's reached out to my adoptive parents," Mathieu said at the NFL combine, via the Ravens' official website. “He's reached out to my agent and [former LSU defensive back and current Cardinals cornerback] Patrick Peterson." Mathieu, who is projected to be a mid-to-late round pick, was dismissed from LSU for reportedly failing drug tests.
BENGALS: The Bengals' biggest need in the draft is safety, according to the Cincinnati Enquirer. The Bengals haven't selected one in the first round since 1992 (Darryl Williams) but they could do it this year considering how deep that position is in this year's draft class. “I think there’s a value on each position and sometimes the safety position may not be as important as other positions," defensive coordinator Mike Zimmer said. "If you can’t have 11 of exactly what you want, you mix and match in certain ways. I don’t have an issue with our safeties."
STEELERS: There's a chance that the Steelers will restructure some contracts this week, according to Ed Bouchette of The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. The Steelers are $14 million over the cap and need to create more room by March 12. But don't expect quarterback Ben Roethlisberger to be among those reworking their deals, Bouchette reported. The Steelers could extend Roethlisberger, who has three years remaining on his current contract, but that probably won't happen until 2014. Pittsburgh usually doesn't extend the contracts of quarterbacks until they have two years left on their contracts.
BROWNS: Quarterback Brandon Weeden is "absolutely" confident he can beat out any competition for his job this season. "I completely expect to be the starter," Weeden said, via The Plain Dealer. "That's my mindset going in. I'm confident in my ability to be the guy, to lead this football team. I expect completely to be better this year than I was last year." Weeden said he hasn't gotten the playbook yet because of the rules of the collective bargaining agreement but he plans to be in Cleveland for the start of the offseason program April 1.
Wake-up: Weeden believes he can win job
It's six days until the deadline to use the franchise tag, 14 days until the start of free agency and 58 days until the draft begins. Now that the countdowns are out of the way, here's your wake-up call .You have chosen to publish your review anonymously. If You click 'OK' your review will be published under the pseudonym 'SavannaKelly1952' which has been randomly generated by us. If you would prefer your review to be published as 'Guest' please select this option.Publish as 'Guest'
Item Name: Panasonic DVD-LX8
Category: Portable DVD PlayersMy names Callum and i'm the Graphic Designer at The Showroom Design Agency, working under the banner of Lincolnshire YMCA.
Personally I have been working in the industry for 5 years, covering all print and web design in the process. I have also been fortunate enough to work with magazines, supplying cover images and illustrations.Check
I am glad Jesse got free and Ok. Now, what happened with the money stolen from Walt? Nothing was showed about that or I didn’t get it.
Jesse was the biggest coward and wuss in the history of looser sidekicks. HALF the trouble Walt got into was single-handily that kids fault! Never mind he brought Walt in on the business! Yet he gets to end the series on some kind of moral high note?
You mean Walt “the saint”? he deserved more trouble that Jesse could give him, Jesse had a trouble life which guide him to wrong choices, but Walt, a man with everything, he was just evil, not man dying of cancer has excuse to do all that.
I am genuinely surprised at all the well wishing for Jesse. Hands down one of the biggest idiots in the history of television. He wasn’t even a likable idiot. Not even from day one. At best tolerable, at worst I would actually scream “why won’t someone kill this fool already!” lol. In real life he wouldn’t have made it past season one. And that’s just one the principle of good business…well meth business that is.
DaDecode – funny you should mention that, as Jesse Pinkman was originally scripted to be killed at the end of Season One. The weriters decided to keep him on as they liked the on-screen dynamic between Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul.
Thought series was fab …very entertaining and at times had me frozen to my viewing chair in disbelief , however there were a gew things I didnt quite understand …how jesse made it through despite being a cook / junkie !!
The lily of the valley plant ….being loaded …red herring ….possibly .series 1-3 excellent …..4 letdown but got good and intense towards the end , series 5 was up there again , but feel the finale could have been better ……I would have liked walter white to have been found out earlier …..and him having a confrontation with
Dean norris the relentless d.e a officer , etc theres scope for a film and series 6 …….plenty could happen etc , but probably best as series tend to lose the plot eventually !!
My feeling is a great series …I want more ……so it must have been good !!
When you actually think about, Walter may not be “dead”. They just ended the series with him lying on the floor. He could have blacked out due to the loss of blood. He got shot alright, but in the side, no vital organs there. He also managed to do several things without loosing that much blood, so the wound could have not been that severe.
If he was dieing from the wound, he would have gotten weaker & weaker, and therefore gone slower, if it was from cancer, he would have also gone slower.
Looked like he just passed out, due to lack of blood. Leaving open the posability to continue the series, and there are also the issues of unanswered questions as mentioned in other people’s comments.
Those bullets ripped through a brick wall. Not before a car shell, and then nothing at all for the last gang of rounds, because the machine firing the gun had a set height and radius. The bullet that hit Walt was late, and if it didn’t through-and-through him, it was inside him, which is really bad considering the caliber of the rounds that gun can rail off. He dead. Perfectly horrific ending to the show, and closure that most shows or films fail to capture 70-99% of the damn time.
Walter White Super Hero? Huh? The finale was too slick. Too polished. Every single loose end tied up in a bright blue bow. But it cost too much. All plausibility flew out the window. I know they wanted to please the fans. They took them to the candy shop and gave them EVERY SINGLE THING they wanted — but guess what — it wasn’t a good idea. The kids were overdosed with sugar. Rather than being “treated,” I was left feeling ill about it. One of the most exciting things about the series was watching the cause and effect of Walt’s actions. It was easy to suspend disbelief because the situations played out so interestingly. But the finale really stretched the limits. It felt false. I mean even James Bond couldn’t have made things go as smoothly as Walt managed to do. They lost me when the keys fell from the visor. I couldn’t stop mentally repeating, “Yeah. right. sure” all the way to the end. He traveled so easily all the way back to New Mexico. He took care of the money problem by bullying his former friends (didn’t even show a gun!), and Skinny Pete and Badger were right there to help him. Hmmm. He whipped up a marvelous machine-gun-shooting machine just like that! (Etc., etc., etc.!) Everything just went like clockwork, and was so satisfying — and I didn’t buy any of it. I imagined, an “Ozymandias” type of ending. “Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!” All the death, all the horror, all the pain, all the money — for what? Walter White should have died alone in the snow. Another huge disappointment was that all through the series, the directors seemed to keep pointing to children and saying, “What are you doing to the next generation?” I was hoping maybe a deeper exploration of that theme. Or perhaps, a deeper examination of the fallout of the lives lost because of Walt’s actions. That would have been more satisfying than the one-dimensional comic book ending we got.
I love breaking bad! The 1 thing I couldn’t stand were the women! Skyler and Marie both drove me nuts! They were so high and mighty! Could Skyler please come off her soap box!? In the 1st season she could not lay off. I don’t know if her character was intended 2 b like that but she seemed 2 b the most selfish person besides her sister! The 1st and last season were the best! The show was fantastic! I wish it would have gone on. Especially if there was an episode where Skyler and Marie got killed! Lol
Totally agree with you 100%. The women in BB were annoying to say the least. I think Skyler was worse than Marie as Marie did seem to love Hank. Skyler was too in love with herself and putting Walt down (remember the birthday and bed scene afterwards? Awful)and talking for him like he was a moron in series 1.Loved the way Walt’s character changed and how he took control of everything. Say My Name episode was masterful where eventually the words ‘You’re Heisenburg’ were uttered. Class!! Episode where Hank was killed was harrowing….sat on the sofa not daring to move for 10 minutes (shock!)
Will miss BB. What a ride it was!!
I was disappointed a little:
I didn’t hate it and I appreciate not every ending can be happy, but I would have wished that Jessie and Walt could have had a metaphorical kiss and a hug before they said there final goodbye to one another for the last time and let bygones be bygones.
I liked Jessie going through the gates and driving off into the sunset, but I felt like he still hated Walt and still wished him dead, and one huge reason I loved BB was because of Walt and Jessie’s odd couple relationship/bromance, and to me the ending didn’t give the closuse I would have wished for that part.
But aside from that I liked it
Fantastic series, kept me gripped right from the pilot…
Think the ending could have been better, Walter had to die but didn’t like the story line with the barrels of money being discovered (surely Walt would never fall for that trick?) personally think it should have finished at end of season four then followed by a feature length special that showed Walt, Mike and Jessie joining forces then being discovered by Hank as in season 5, the perfect finale being a shoot out with the DEA in the pest control industrial unit and Jessie escaping with the money…
Bring us better call Saul ASAP!!!!!Stroud Switchgear Ltd
Unit 3 Lightpill Trading Estate
117 Bath Road
Stroud, Gloucestershire
GL5 3JW
Tel:
+44 (0) 1453 762709
+44 (0) 1453 751977
info@stroud-switchgear.com
You can also use our contact form.
Using a system built by Stroud Switchgear you can expect a quality product, full pre-sales and after-sales service and peace of mind for compliance in the latest specifications. We work closely with our clients to assist in producing the most cost effective and quality solutions to a range of products, projects and equipment.
By drawing together the best practise across our wide range of industries and clients, at Stroud Switchgear, we can produce a concept that offers customers the edge in technology and design.
All control systems and switchboards are designed, manufactured and tested to the latest standards including EN61439-2 and EN60204. In addition we can also incorporate customer specific standards where appropriate. All work is compliant to our Quality Management System and Achilles Quality Accreditation. We offer support to our entire customer base, all staff and representatives are fully trained and competent to the highest standards ensuring the highest level of support is provided when required. Our experience is second to none, with many staff having decades of experience both at Stroud Switchgear and within industry; this is one reason why Stroud is considered a robust controls and switchgear supplier.Wanted to record this to be sure I get back to it some point.
Problem is with all HTTP requests emanating from tcp.httpClient.
Setting the timeout has no effect when its not possible to open a connection on the server because tcp.openStream doesn't take a timeout parameter. It's always 20 seconds, near as I can tell.
Once I get back into the C source again I'll have to check this out.
You can see the problem on the log page for rssCloud -- when testing the link back from a remote app registering a handler, the timeout is never less than 20 seconds, even when it's unreachable. I have the timeout param in tcp.httpClient set at 180 ticks (3 seconds), which is plenty to find out if there's anyone at the other.Korn, Bernd and Biella, Marcus and Lenz, Helge
(2008)
OPTIMAL Deliverable D7.3.4-2: Results of Zurich EVS Simulations.
Project Report.
Full text not available from this repository.
This document presents the results of the human factors-oriented real time simulations on the cockpit simulator GECO at DLR-Braunschweig for the EVS head-down procedure. Two different crew procedures have been tested against the already operational EVS head-up procedure. The investigations showed5-megapixel GSM Cameraphone Comparison Q4 2007
This demonstrates how the camera behaves at night when using a longer exposure to gather in as much light as possible. The images are taken using the night mode of the phones, from hand. If we noticed that there is significant blur due to our hand shake, we retook the image to correct that. Still blurred images can be expected due to the low speeds.
In this test the clear winner is the Nokia N82, with best color reproduction and detail, although the noise reduction. Surprisingly, the Viewty jumps to the second place, giving a hope to its fans that not everything is over. Third comes the winner in the previous test, the G600, followed by the bigger G800 and the N95 in last place, due to the lack of auto-focus in this mode.
Cameraphone comparison samples. Scroll below for our category rating.
1. N82: The new Nokia has accurate colors and good exposure.
2. Viewty: The LG phone clear the shame from the previous test.
3. G600: the G600 is once again among the winners.
4. K850: The colors are not always what you’d expect.
5. G800: It is not good for such type of photos.
6. N95 8GB: It is ridiculous to turn off the auto-focus..
.
_19<<!
_23<<_24<<_25<<.
_31<<
35. TamekaTravis20 (unregistered)
I received my first personal loans when I was a teenager and this aided me a lot. However, I need the student loan also.Have you missed me? I've sure missed you, I hope you all are doing great!
I have just done a photo dump so expect a couple of quick drive-by posts within the next week or two.
So I've decided to share on of my favorite layered manicures of this past year! I think I need to bust this one out again because it's so good!
I'll save the long post about how much I love Adventure Time for another day but suffice to say OH MY GLOB I LOVE IT. Princess Bubblegum is a tough, smart, kind ruler of the Candy Kingdom. Did I mention she's got fab style too?
So I was really pleased to have stumbled on the magical polish combo that perfectly evokes our saccharine sovereign.
The base is a slightly shimmery super hot pink from Nicole by OPI, "Still Into Pink" and it's BEAUTIFUL on its own.
But then I saw it. Revlon Girly. And it was love, at first sight. Girl is a milky, cotton candy base with a fabulous mix of glitter: medium purple, magenta, and light pink hexes, small light pink holo hexes, and maybe some lilac small hexes? I"m not even sure, all I know is I love it.
And it really does evoke P.B. doesn't it?
I believe Girly & Still into Pink are still readily available to purchase. If I had to choose, of the two I would hands down recommend getting Girly because it's quite unique and so, so pretty.
Do you love Adventure Time? Or really fabulous girly manicures? Let's chat in the comments!
love and cupcakes,
Ms Meghan:
There.”
“How.
Our obsession with posting photos on Facebook, tweeting our every move, and surfing the Internet creates an electronic trail of our life, whether we like it or not. But 75-year-old Microsoft researcher Gordon Bell takes digital recording to a whole new level: He creates e-memories so he won’t have to remember a single detail of his days.
Bell lugs around video cameras and audio recorders to record every action and social interaction. Not only does he save receipts by taking digital pictures of them, he records every single bill, medical record, and conversation. So far he’s in his tenth year of living this digital lifestyle and has amassed more than 350 gigabytes of memory (not including the video storage).
If you’re jealous, the good news is that soon you might be able to make your own digital library of your life. Microsoft is creating a SenseCam, a device that would hang around your neck and take pictures.
Related Content:
80beats: Your Eyes Reveal Memories That Your Conscious Brain Forgot
80beats: Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mouse
80beats: Researchers Updates His Twitter Feed Using Only Brainwaves
Image: flickr/ Aquillo
P?
Ever.”
Sign up to get the latest science news delivered weekly right to your inbox!Google.
MediaFile
Tech wrap: Android continues world conquest
In a twist, Zynga brings mobile game to Facebook
On Monday, Zynga said it would be bringing its most popular mobile game, “Words with Friends,” to Facebook. The social games maker said the game would be coming soon..
A.
Tech wrap: Apple ousts Nokia as top smartphone vendor
Apple jumped to the top of the global smartphone sales rankings in the second quarter, ending Nokia’s 15-year run as the lead smartphone vendor, according to new research from Strategy Analytics. Apple sold a record 20.3 million iPhones during the quarter, which amounts to about a fifth of the global smartphone market. Impressive considering its iPhone 4 model was released more than a year ago. Samsung also surpassed Nokia to claim second spot, with 17.5 percent of market share. Nokia fell to third place as its market share tumbled to 15.2 from 38.1 percent a year ago..
A new-found app-etite for the web
But there is already a bit of a backlash, and a new awareness that the world wide (open) web may compare favorably to the walled gardens available on the iPad and other tablets..Photo gallery: The pediatric specialty center in Norwalk
A peek at our physicians and staff in a bright new location
Now that the new Pediatric Specialty Center in Norwalk is open for patients, Yale pediatric specialists are treating patients at several sites.
The new center that opened this summer provides better convenience for families who come to Yale in the Fairfield County area. It’s spacious, filled with natural light, and decorated in a bright palette of orange, yellow, green and blue—the same colors that Yale-New Haven Children's Hospital uses. It has eight exam rooms and a multipurpose procedure room. There are on-site radiology services, including fluoroscopy, ultrasound and X-ray, along with a blood draw station.
YNHCH is still the primary outpatient center for certain patients, including those who require sedation, monitoring or complex diagnostic tests. Meanwhile, families can find many services at another convenient center that opened in 2010 at One Long Wharf in New Haven. Pediatric hematology and oncology specialists see patients at Smilow Cancer Hospital, 7th floor, and at the Pediatric Hematology & Oncology office in Guilford.
To read more about the new Norwalk location, visit.
Showing images 0-0 of 0.
The newest pediatric specialty center is located in a building in Norwalk, in the heart of Fairfield County.
A mother checks in about finances with Gisela Cordero.
Jessica Wexler, RN, spends time with a child in the new center’s waiting room.
A mother entertains her child while checking out the hallway in the new center.
The center’s interactive wall was designed by The Stepping Stones Children’s Museum of Norwalk.
A radiology technician adjusts the settings on an X-ray machine.
Pediatric nephrologist Davoud Mohtat, MD, examines a patient.
Drs. Davoud Mohtat, Lauren Ehrlich and Josephina Vossen look at images together.
Pediatric urologist Adam Hittelman, MD, examines a patient.
Drs. Hittelman (left) and Mohtat discuss a case. The center is set up in a way that makes consults easy.Astronomers have long relied on photometry to yield estimates on
mass, specifically through well defined mass to luminosity ratios
(M / L). This is not at all surprising, since visual astronomy
relies on the light emitted from distant objects. For example,
the M / L ratio for the sun is M / L = 5.1
× 103 kg/W; since this number is not terribly
instructive, one usually measures mass to luminosity in terms of
the sun's mass and luminosity such that
M
/
L
= 1 by
definition. Thus by measuring the light output of an object (for
example a galaxy or cluster of galaxies) one can use well-defined
M / L ratios in order to estimate the mass of the object.
In the early 1930s, J. H.
F. Zwicky found similar indications of missing mass, but on a much
larger scale. Zwicky studied the Coma cluster, about 99 Mpc (322 (F
1 /
r2), the virial theorem gives the following relation
between kinetic and potential energy:
where < T > is the average kinetic energy and
< U > is the average potential energy. Zwicky found
that the average mass of one nebula within the Coma cluster is
Mnebula = 4.5 × 1010
M
, with
about a thousand nebula in the cluster (so the total mass of the cluster
Mcluster
4.5 ×
1013
M
). This
result was startling because a measurement of the luminosity of the cluster
using standard M / L ratios for clusters gave a mass
approximately 10% of this value. In essence, galaxies only accounted for
about two percent of the total mass with intracluster gas contributing
another ten percent; the vast majority of the mass of the Coma
cluster was for some reason non-luminous.
[2<>]
Roughly 40 years following the discoveries of Oort, Zwicky, and others, Vera Rubin and collaborators conducted an extensive study of the rotation curves of 60 isolated galaxies.  v(r) is the rotation speed of the object at a
radius r, G is the gravitational constant, and
m(r) is the
total mass contained within r (for the solar system essentially
the sun's mass), which is derived from simply
setting the gravitational force equal to the centripetal force
(planetary orbits being roughly circular). Therefore, v(r)
1/ r1/2, Fig. 1). An intuitive way to understand this result is, leading to a larger rotational velocity. If, however, the mass enclosed decreases or remains constant as the Gaussian surface grows, then the gravitational field will fall, leading to smaller and smaller rotational velocities.-luminous. Rubin summarized, "The conclusion is inescapable: mass, unlike luminosity, is not concentrated near the center of spiral galaxies. Thus the light distribution in a galaxy is not at all a guide to mass distribution." , D. Walsh et al. were among the first to observe gravitational lensing. Working at the Kitt Peak National Observatory, they found two distant objects separated by only 5.6 arc seconds with very similar redshifts, magnitudes, and spectra. [4] They concluded that perhaps they were seeing the same object twice, due to the lensing of a closer, massive object. Similar observations were made by R. Lynds and V. Petrosian in 1988, in which they saw multiple arclets within clusters. [5]
We can study a distant galaxy's distorted image and make conclusions
about the amount of mass within a lensing cluster using this expression for
e, the
"Einstein radius" (the length of an arclet in radians):
where G is the gravitational constant, M is the mass of the lens, c is the speed of light,and dLS, dL, and dS are the distance between the lens and source, the distance to the lens, and the distance to the source, respectively. Physicists have found that this calculated mass is much larger than the mass that can be inferred from a cluster's luminosity. For example, for the lensing cluster Abell 370, Bergmann, Petrosian, and Lynds determined that the M / L ratio of the cluster must be about 102 - 103 solar units, necessitating the existence of large amounts of dark matter in the cluster as well as placing constraints on its distribution within the cluster. [6]Updating the Guess Who Gameboard for the Rise of the Hipster
By Janet Manley
Some people are upset that Guess Who has too few women on the gameboard, and that of the women that are on the board, babes in berets (Maria), patrician gallery owners (Susan), ambiguously non-white divas (Anne, “snap!”) and young-Tara-Reids (Anita) are over-represented. Frankly, we’re not concerned, as there are more than enough damning caricatures of bald, glum, scheming men (we’re looking at you, Richard, George and Bernard—if that is your real name) to offset the sexism.
Our real problem with Guess Who is simply that it’s outdated. Floral hats? Rosacea? Members of The Band? What is it, 1992? Apparently no one told Hasbro about animal beanies, Photoshopping, or Mumford & Sons, all of which have triumphed during 2012, despite being foreseen neither by 2001: A Space Odyssey nor The Jetsons.
So, what should the Guess Who characters look like today, if Hasbro were to present a credible cross-section of the bubbling cultural crockpot that is our global village? Here is what we would expect...
- The only person with Nair-colored skin should be Photoshopped-approximation-of-Britney-Spears.
- The savvy player will begin by asking “Does your character have negative gauge earrings/a plaid shirt/Buddy Holly glasses?” This will knock out 50% of the game-board immediately.
- To further disambiguate a population of Buddy Holly glasses-wearers, players must isolate those with animal print wayfarers and those with fake prescription lenses.
- “Does your character have her dyed ombre?” Should be the question you need to knock out Anita.
- The game will arguably take a lot longer due to the self-marginalization of characters that each claim to be “out of the mainstream” and object to categorization that pits them alongside others.
- “Is your character’s facial hair earnest or ironic?” could similarly prove a contentious line of questioning.
- We expect an overhaul of character names, such that we finally have Hilarys, Apples, Madisons, Leafs, and Chivasanas in the mix.
- All characters under 25 will live at home.
- There will be a complex and storied history of interdating between all of the game-board characters.
- Claire will be given a makeover by Anne and emerge as a scorching hot prom queen once her glasses are removed and she shakes her luscious hair out from underneath the captive prism of her Panama straw boater hat.
- “OMG, did you see the final Twilight?” does not count as a first question.
What else would be on the modern Guess Who board?
Topics: Life
Tags: games, board games, hipsters, trends, hasbro, guess who
Related Posts
Write your own comment!
Separate names with a comma.
Discussion in 'Mustang Sound & Shine All' started by snowman23, Mar 21, 2011.
i would try and find another shop
Thanks guys!
I'll be going with the 35, but if there is any factory tint in the glass then it is illegal. And so you know, in CT, no matter what you have on your window it is illegal unless you actually go to DMV and have it inspected. If you pass their inspection, they give you a sticker, and then it is legal. You can find all the laws on it on line if you google "CT titles" tints are covered in the 14-80 section.
In Florida you could basically spray paint your windows black as long as you have both windows down when the cops walk up they don't say to much
I did double check the law. It is funny that nothing has changed at all in it in the 20 years that I have been driving. I was going to go 35% all around too, but as you pointed out, my shop told me that putting 35% over the stock "solar tint" puts the number closer to 30% and technically would not be legal anyway or pass, so they said they could put a 40% film to arrive me at 35%. I think that will be too light to bother paying for it. I am really stuck on this decision.
Upon further research, it is actually 14-99 where the tint is listed. And that needing an inspection sticker thing is new to me.
I called a different shop today that said they could put 38% on to end me at 35%. They scuff the dot matrix and said its 50-50 with it sticking or just tint til the bottom of it. They too do not use vinyl. Neither of the shops I called mentioned the inspections stickers being needed.
This is becoming a bigger head ache than I ever remember tint being and am starting to think I am better off leaving them un-tinted and using the cash for something else.....especially being in my mid 30's and not wanting to deal with hassles or a "ghetto" look...
To be honest your really not going to be able to tell a difference between the 38 and 35. As far as the "ghetto" look goes, i don't think tint is ghetto at all and it actually has advantages to it besides the looks.
I know it does and I was thinking the same about how much different will it really be. What I meant by "ghetto" was so dark you couldn't see in at all...ANYTHING... EVER. Around here there are cars that are so dark, the glass looks painted rather than tinted.
It is really sunny here and I had to go run some errands and I decided to really pay attention to the vehicles around me. Unless you go with like 5%, you can see through 20%-35% during the day. There is no way I am going to go dark enough to stay dark in the sun, so I am thinking I will have the shop do the % that ends at 35% and move on. I may just have them stop the tint below the matrix rather than taking a 50-50 shot on it sticking, but I do have one more local shop to call tomorrow and see what they have to say.
I'm in Woodbridge, Ct...right around the corner from you. I have 5% on all my vehicles, trucks, Mustang, 00 Camaro and *knock on wood* never got pulled over for the windows...got pulled over many times and never bothered about how dark they are. If you decide to do them there is a guy in stratford that has been doing it for close to 20yrs if not longer and also a Mustang driver (00 Saleen) I very highly recommend him. Great guy and unbelieveable quality (and price). When you roll your windows down you wont even see a line like most shops. I can PM you his number if you like.
And the film will purple from the cleaners you use and not from the age of the tint. Do not use any window cleaners with amonia...use tint safe cleaner only.
I did know about the ammonia thing....
Please PM me the number. I called one shop here in town and one in Monroe, both of which I have used before, but neither left me overly confident that they could handle the dot matrix properly. I drove my truck with 20% tonight and realized just how much I love tint. Even if I go 35%, it will be better than nothing...I think at this point I am waaaaayyyyy over-thinking this.
Thanks in advance for the number.
Well, I decided to see an old classmate of mine that has a shop now about what he could do...long story short, I am now tinted with 40% film which meters at about 35%. I think it is perfect. Dark enough to be tinted, but not too dark to attract the wrong attention. I stopped in just to talk and they had an open slot for yesterday afternoon so I left the car and here we are. They cut the tint just below the dot matrix. I may just leave it that way or do something vinyl related. Not sure yet, but glad I got it done. Once I have a chance to clean up the car I will post pics.
My bad it is 14-99(g)g
(g) Any person owning a vehicle having a window which has been tinted or darkened with any tinted material after factory delivery, shall present such vehicle to the Department of Motor Vehicles, by July 1, 1996, to receive a sticker for any tinted or darkened window to indicate such tinting or darkening is in compliance with this section. Any person operating a motor vehicle, on or after July 1, 1996, in violation of this subsection shall be deemed to have committed an infraction.
Can you please post a pic of this? I had my rear window tinted and the guy sanded down the dot matrix, but didn't do a good enough job. He swore after 30 days it would have adhered better but I was too ****ed off to go back to him. If It doesn't look bad I might just trim the tint off of the dot matrix depending on how it looks. Thanks!
I saw that, but have never really heard of it being enforced and I have been pulled over many a time since 1996 and when and if tint was mentioned it was only the darkness, not the lack of a sticker. I hope that trend continues!
This is the only one I currently have. I actually am having the place add the vinyl strip today as I am not crazy about the clear at the top. I put on vinyl myself yesterday and it really filled in the dot matrix well (looked like the right and left edges of the window) but I cannot trim well and it was all crooked. Since I know the guy at the shop, he agreed to help me do it over and trim correctly.
BTW sorry for the dirty car!
Looks good man, but I agree with you, it looks kinda unfinished without the dot matrix being tinted. I'm going to Tint Works in Hamden this weekend to buy a sheet of tint to redo my side windows. The tint I got last time from another place was complete garbage and turned purple in less than 2 years. Tint Works sells Advantage Non-fade tint for $3.50/linear foot, so for $35 for the side windows I can't complain. The rear was done at a shop and looks decent, but I'll probably have it redone with 20% some time in the near future.
Post pics when you get the vinyl on please!
I will post pics once the vinyl is on. I was supposed to have it done tonight, but a back up in the shop caused me to have to wait. I hope to get it done on Saturday.
looks good
After a long and crazy day, I am home with the vinyl done on the car. I think it looks great. It blends the top matrix area with the black that runs up and down the edges of the window. There was a BMW with the tint glued over the matrix being pulled out as I was going in. It looked decent, better than cutting it below the matrix or regular tinting over the matrix IMO, and obviously it may change as it dries; but it still had a bit of an uneven look in comparison to the vinyl's uniform appearance.
Even with the light tint, i think this was the way to go. I will try to post a pic tomorrow.
Well, after much delay, I finally have a picture with my rear window done with the vinyl. My stang has been put into DD duty since my Explorer has been incapacitated for the past 3 weeks due to needing and alternator, tranny rebuild (that they still have not gotten right and that's where it is) and the heater blend door failing on the one day I did have it in the 3 weeks!!!! Anyway, here is a pic of the car clean with the tint / vinyl done.Student Groups
The School of Journalism sponsors several student organizations, including chapters of national organizations. Our student organizations are quite diverse and give aspiring journalists the opportunity to learn, create and socialize with fellow students who share their interests. They gain knowledge about their future profession through hosting guest speakers, social events and hands-on experience.
The officers of these organizations do all of the footwork for bringing in guest speakers; these events are open to the public and university. The organizations host social events that foster communication with other students who share their specific interests. Meeting times listed below are subject to change. Please check the Web site listed or contact the advisor for any changes in meeting times or information about upcoming events.
Society of Professional Journalists, Austin Chapter
The Society of Professional Journalists works to improve and protect journalism. The organization is the nation's largest.
Joining the SPJ Austin Student Chapter gives students opportunities to deepen their journalistic knowledge outside of the classroom, connect with professionals in the industry, and attend various events. The SPJ Austin Student Chapter is a Registered Student Organization at the University of Texas at Austin. For more information about the national organization, visit.
Connect with the Austin Student Chapter:
Website:
Facebook: facebook.com/spjaustin
Newsletter: tinyurl.com/spjaustinemail
Twitter: @spjaustin
Advisor: Robert Jensen, Professor, BMC 3.304, 512-471-1990.
ORANGE Magazine
ORANGE, UT's student magazine, gives students a hands-on approach to magazine publication. The staff works on all sides of a magazine from advertising to editorial, production to writing, and finances to public relations. After working on ORANGE, the staff leaves with a strong portfolio and enough experience to tackle any one of New York's leading titles.
The Magazine Club (MAG)
The MAG Club in the School of Journalism is designed for those interested in a career in magazines. The club is a great place to begin, a low-pressure way to get your feet wet --- much more social than work!
Scheduled meetings are held each semester, usually once every three weeks with local professionals to discuss their experience in the field, bring in local magazine editors, often our own graduates to discuss magazine careers, and keep a running list of the latest internships and possible jobs.
MAG is one of the few UT Sponsored Organizations on campus, so it is much more than just a "club." We also have a working relationship with ED on Campus, the national college magazine club, founded by NYC magazine editors. We will show you how to tie into their national job bank and intern listings.
MAG can also help you, at an early stage here, gain valuable hands-on experience with ORANGE, the campus magazine produced by School of Journalism students. But most importantly, we are just a group of people all working together to achieve success in the magazine industry!
MAG also looks great on the resume. Check the display box for MAG (and ORANGE) on the 6th floor of the College of Communication Building) for more details.
National Press Photographer's Association
The National Press Photographers Association was founded in 1946. In the first issue of National Press Photographer (published in Boston, Mass. in April 1946), an editorial on the front page proclaimed, "With this issue is born a voice, one that has been mute much too long.".
K:
- must rank in the upper 10 percent of their journalism class (i.e., juniors among juniors, seniors among seniors).
- must have completed at least five semesters of degree work.
- must have completed at least nine semester hours of credit in professional skills courses in journalism.
- must have at least a 3.0 GPA (on 4.0 system) in junior/senior level journalism courses.
- must count all college courses applicable to their degree in computing the overall GPA to determine rank in the upper 10 percent.
Graduate Students:
- masters students must rank in the top 10 per cent).
Initiates receive a membership card, certificate and key pin. There are no annual dues after the initiation fee for life membership.
University of Texas Hispanic Journalists
UTHJ aims to organize and provide mutual support for Hispanic student journalists and those interested in Hispanic issues in English, Spanish and bilingual media; to encourage the study and practice of journalism and mass communication by Hispanics; to further employment and career opportunities for Hispanic student journalists; to be the voice of the Hispanic community on campus; to encourage students to participate in the different media outlets at UT.
Members participate in a mentorship program with communication professionals, internships, multimedia workshops, professional development and have the opportunity of publishing their work on UTHJ's website. UTHJ organizes fundraising activities to send members to the National Association of Hispanic Journalist convention during the summer, a weeklong opportunity of journalistic workshops and networking with the field's most influential journalists.
For more information, visit UTHJ's website:
Send us an email at: uthispanicjournalists@gmail.com
Advisor: Dean Darrell RochaBook your room at ibis Auckland Ellerslie
Standard Twin Room, 2 Single BedsMax Occupancy: 2 guests (up to 1 child)
Standard Room, 1 King BedMax Occupancy: 2 guests (up to 1 child)
3.5-star Auckland hotel in Remuera with restaurant
Collect 200 points
Simply enter your Nectar card number when prompted. Your points will be credited 30 days after you return from your trip.*Offers may apply
- WiFi (surcharge)
- Luggage storage
- Parking (limited spaces)
- Restaurant
- Bar/lounge
- Elevator/lift
- 24-hour front desk
- Business center
- Laundry facilities
- Garden
- Meeting rooms
- Valet parking (surcharge)
- RV, bus, truck parking
- Conference center
- Conference space size (meters) - 387
- Number of meeting rooms - 6
- Long-term parking (surcharge)
- Conference space size (feet) - 4164
- In-room massage available
- Wired high-speed Internet access (surcharge)
- Air conditioning
- Climate control
- Room service (24 hours).Sierra Madre Utility Users Tax, Measures U and UA (April 2008)
From Ballotpedia
- Measure U was approved. It proposed a temporary increase in Sierra Madre's UUT up to a total of a 12% tax and extending it to cover a broader range of taxable activities.
- Measure UA was approved. It was an advisory question about what to do with any additional funds raised if Measure U passed.
Election results
Measure U
Measure UA
- These final, certified, election results are from the Los Angeles County elections office.
Ballot questions
Measure U
The question on the ballot:
Measure UA
The question on the ballot:
See also
- California Utility User Taxes
- California 2008 local ballot measures
- Local utility taxes in California
External links
- Measure U fact sheet
- More voters to weigh telephone tax
- Measure U on Smart Voter
- Measure UA on Smart Voter
- Announcement of the election
Cite error:
<ref> tags exist, but no
<references/> tag was foundFranklin County Sheriff Pat Melton said additional charges have been filed against a man responsible for three dogs that allegedly attacked a woman over the weekend.
Gayle Abrams, 51, is charged with three counts of harboring vicious animals, three counts of permitting a dog to run at large and three counts of failure to vaccinate a dog for rabies.
The sheriff’s office was called to the 400 block of Flat Creek Road just before 10:30 p.m. Saturday after two men said they saw three dogs — two pit bulls and a German Shepherd — mauling a woman in her yard.
That woman — 39-year-old Heather Moore — was taken to University of Kentucky Chandler Medical Center but has since been released, Melton said.
Abrams was allegedly watching the dogs for their owner, who is in prison.
The dogs are currently being held at the Franklin County Humane Society.
john_doe
"Prison" and "pit bulls" somehow just seem to go together, huh?“Cool Kids” 12” Picture disc vinyl single
“Cool Kids” 12” Picture disc vinyl single. Limited to 3,000
A 12” picture disc of the Los Angeles alt-pop band’s breakthrough single, which hit No. 19 on the Billboard... Learn More
Talking Dreams Digital AlbumEchosmith’s debut album Talking Dreams, featuring the hit single “Cool Kids”. Track List:
1. Come Together
2. Let’s Love
3. Cool Kids
4. March Into The Sun
5. Come With... Learn More
Talking Dreams CD
Echosmith’s debut album Talking Dreams in CD softpack. Features the hit single “Cool Kids”.
Cool Kids Digital SingleDigital download of “Cool Kids,” the hit single from Echosmith’s debut album Talking DreamsOriginal recipe yields 7 servings
Amount per serving ({{servings}} total)
Based on a 2,000 calorie diet
Prep
Cook
Ready In
These are awesome!! My family just loves them. If I'm running short on time I put them in the oven for 45 minutes then, throw them in the slow cooker until I'm ready for them. They taste the ... b...CNSNews.com's Barbara Hollingsworth has a disturbing tradition of simply serving as a stenographer of right-wing talking points, making no effort to seek out an alternative view. She does this again in a May 29 CNS article in which she regurgitates "eight pervasive 'myths' about the Affordable Care Act," as claimed by the right-wing National Center for Policy Analysis.
Hollingsworth simply takes the NCPA's word for their claims and makes no apparent effort to seek out any response.
The sad thing is, Hollingsworth is a senior editor at CNS. You'd think someone claiming a title of senior editor would be capable of doing more than copying right-wing talking points. That's apparently not how that works at CNS.
Newer | Latest | Older
Find more neat stuff at the ConWebWatch store!.
**John** MOAP is long, but guys this is podcasting at its absolute flippin’ best. We started with a two-on-one format, with Chuck from tcoverride up first. Chuck was so good that Charlie and I were like “hell, just stay for SMASH’s interview.” And then there was three. SMASH was so damn good that we had him stay too. Enter Uncle Jimbo and Blackfive. By that time all Charlie and I had to do was say one word (e.g. immigration, or Iran) and let the group carry it away.
I dare any of the big-time radio gurus to match the expertise we had sitting around that table. An army armor officer who was wounded in Iraq leading his men, a naval surface warfare officer who ran security watches in the Persian Gulf, two former Army special forces soldiers, an Army intelligence officer, and one dumb zoomie (this guy, heh).
It’s some 45 minutes long and a little fuzzy, but you guys are absolutely freakin’ nuts if you ignore this one….Lakewood Farms
1822 Rocky Rd Rustburg, Virginia 24588(434) 332-6289
Print | Save | Directions
AboutLakewood Farms is located at the address 1822 Rocky Rd in Rustburg, Virginia 24588. They can be contacted via phone at (434) 332-6289 for pricing, hours and directions.
Lakewood Farms has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
For maps and directions to Lakewood Farms view the map to the right. For reviews of Lakewood Farms see below.
People Also Viewed
Younger And Son Farm Inc
1789 Browns Mill Rd Rustburg, Virginia 24588
Mile Branch Farm
4175 New Chapel Rd Rustburg, Virginia 24588
T A Echo Hollow Farms
3097 Village Hwy Rustburg, Virginia 24588
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsJan 012003
This was emailed to me from NA-History.org
Quote::
In the origianal Jimmy K logo there are the words “strength and courage” with a white dot. The logo has red, blue and green circles and yellow in the middle around the “NA” letters. The part of the A that has the dot representing God looks like it may have been white. Is this the white that “strength and courage” is referring to?
Thanks,
Markmark
Here is the logo:
If you know if this is true, please respond with comments here and I'll post them to NA-History.org, or log into their website, go to the history forum, and post them yourself
Thanks!91
2013 Raats Granite Blocks Chenin Blanc, Coastal Region
£8.61, 13.5%, Majestic
Bruwer Raats makes some of the best Chenin Blancs in South Africa, expressing precision and place rather than tropical fruit flavours. This Fairtrade-accredited example is very lightly oaked, with just a whiff of cinnamon and vanilla to complement the pear, citrus and stone fruit nuances. Tangy and refreshing with a stony bite.
Available from (as of date of review): Majestic
Drinking window: 2015-2018
93
2014 De Martino Viejas Tinajas Cinsault, Secano Interior/Coelemu, Itata Valley
£10-15, 13%, Les Caves de Pyrene
Mar.
Available from (as of date of review): Les Caves de Pyrene
Drinking window: 2015-18
94
2008 Contino Reserva, Rioja
£19.99, 14%, Tesco; Berry Bros & Rudd; Moreno Wines; Oxford Wine; Cheers; Harrods.
Available from (as of date of review): Tesco; Berry Bros & Rudd; Moreno Wines; Oxford Wine; Cheers; Harrods
Drinking window: 2015-25
96
2010 G.D. Vajra, Bricco delle Viole, Barolo, Piedmont
TBC, 14.5%, Liberty Wines
So appealing now that you are almost tempted to pull the cork, but give this superlative Barolo some time. Old vines, marl soils, a top vintage and brilliant winemaking all combine beautifully here. Elegant, minerally and poised, this has a red fruits sweetness that is almost reminiscent of Pinot Noir, but with a firmer backbone of acidity and tannin. Fine, silky and very long.
Available from (as of date of review): Liberty Wines
Drinking window: 2017-30
2010 G.D. Vajra Luigi Baudana, Baudana, Barolo, Piedmont
TBC, 14.5%, Liberty Wines
The Luigi Baudana wines come entirely from Serralunga d'Alba, widely considered the best village in the Barolo region. This is more closed and concentrated than the sweeter, riper 2009, but has finer tannins, too, and the classic chalky undertone of eastern Barolo. It's a serious, even sligthly backward wine with excellent structure and ageing potential. Give this wine time.
Available from (as of date of review): Liberty Wines
Drinking window: 2018-30
94
2010 G.D. Vajra Ravera, Barolo, Piedmont
TBC, 14.5%, Liberty Wines
More structured than the Bricco delle Viole, this comes from a 2.2 hectare, south- and south-east facing vineyard and is a first release. It's got a bloody, almost iron-like note on the palate, firmish but well integrated tannins and minerally freshness. The tannins need food (preferably a lump of protein) to take away their edge. One to tuck away.
Available from (as of date of review): Liberty Wines
Drinking window: 2018-32The Return Of I Spit On Your Grave's Rape And Revenge Fantasies Irin Carmon and 240 othersEditDelete InviteInvite manuallyPromoteXDismissXUndismissBlock for jezebelHide If blogs and trigger warnings had existed in 1979, I Spit On Your Grave would have been a classic example of their necessity. Lucky for us, this "rape and revenge fantasy" is being remade, coming to theaters this fall! » 7/23/10 5:00pm 7/23/10 5:00pmDon't have a login?
Don't have a login?
Australian rapper, Iggy Azalea, jokingly blamed Jennifer Lopez for her tumble off the stage at the MTV Video Music Awards benefit concert.
We previously reported about Azalea’s fall, where she reportedly took a tumble off the stage during her performance of “Fancy.” However, the “Problem” rapper recently revealed she blames J Lo for her unexpected mishap, claiming the Maid in Manhattan actress had previously predicted the fall a while back while they were performing together in Chicago.
"We did a show together and my microphone wasn't switched on,” Azalea recalled to Entertainment Tonight. “And I said, 'At least I didn't fall over.’ And she said, 'It'll happen to you one day.'"
Azalea later added the American Idol judge was present for the fall because she had invited her, furthering her accusations by claiming Lopez must be “bad luck.”
The “Fancy” singer later posted an Instagram video of the fall, proving she has a sense of humor about the situation.
Video from Instagram via Iggy Azalea
Image courtesy of Peter West/ACE/INFphoto.comSeptember 7, 2009
The dramatic and decorative Baroque style originated in Italy and influenced all of Europe. The style is exuberant and opulent and displayed much pomp and circumstance in the appearance. According to the Oxford English dictionary the word baroque derives from the Portuguese word “barroco” and means rough or imperfect pearl. The word simply means elaborate, and with many details.
The period from 1685 – 1725 under the reign of Louis XIV followed the Renaissance Period. …READ MOREMoclips
Moclips Travel Guide
Photos from MoclipsPictures of Moclips (20)
Hotel Deals in Moclips
Hotels in MoclipsMoclips Accommodations (1)
Moonstone Beach Motel Moclips
4849 Pacific Ave, Moclips, United States
Travel Blogs from MoclipsMoclips Travel Blogs (3)
Beautiful and empty Pacific Northwest.
... a windy coast road. We stocked up at Safeways and then set off along highway 101 along the coast from Astoria towards Moclips. We went through several sleepy, unspoilt hamlets, some of which had obviously seen better times, there were a ...
A-Hiking we will go!
We decided to go for breakfast in the restaurant at the resort and although we had to wait a while, the food was ample, if a little rich. As the weather was yet again cloudy and overcast, we decided to go back to Lake Quinault to go hiking and hopefully ...
Windswept and dramatic Washington Coast
The first leisurely start to the day of the holiday (in other words we left Julian in bed!)Paul, Flo and myself were up before 8.30 and walked down the 130 wooden steps to the beach. The beach is beautiful but was once again shrouded in sea mist. It is ...
Attractions in MoclipsMoclips Attractions (2)
Moclips River
Moclips, Washington, United States
Museum of the North Beach
4658 State Route 109 Moclips, Washington, United States
This museum focuses on life in the Moclips/Pacific Beach area.By David Ferrara
PRICHARD, Ala. -- Jordan Alexander Spriggs and his family have such close ties to Mardi Gras royalty in Prichard that one might assume they are part of a monarchy.
His father was grand marshal. His mother was a queen, and his sister was, too.
“Jordan has been interested since age 3,” mother Mechele Spriggs said, referring to the time when his father, Daniel Spriggs, served as grand marshal. “He saw this as a big party. Here we were as a family in the middle of this horse-drawn carriage.”
The 18-year-old “wasn’t even a thought,” his mother said, when she was crowned as one of Prichard’s first queens in 1981. But he has enjoyed the festivities as long as he can remember.
“When I first saw a picture of my mama being queen and my sister made it,” he said, “that made me want to do it more. It’s a family tradition, and it’s an honor to be in it.”
The Prichard native said he is most looking forward to wearing his royal robes during coronation and celebrating with his family.
>.
“I shouldn’t get too nervous,” he said. “It’ll be exciting, having fun doing what I’m doing.”
As a senior at Murphy High School, Spriggs plays cornerback in football and centerfield in baseball. He was named to the division 6A All-County football team and the baseball academic all-star team.
He said he is still waiting on possible scholarship opportunities to decide whether he will play sports in college. He plans to study electrical engineering.
He is a member of the Elites and a youth group president and lecturer at St. James Major Catholic Church.
Jordan’s 18-foot-long, 9-foot-wide train is made of emerald green cotton velvet bordered with white faux mink fur and metallic gold cording, according to designer Patricia Halsell-Richardson. At the base of the train, a large gold-beaded crown is outlined by bands of Austrian crystals and encrusted with Swarovski crystals and large multicolored stones.
The focal point of the train features the Prichard Mardi Gras Association’s emblem with Austrian crystals, while the body of the train is surrounded by beaded gold leaves and rhinestones.
His mother said she is excited about her son’s reign. His brother, Andrew, 11, could someday be king, too.
“You’re always proud to see that your children express an interest in things you enjoy,” she said. “We just want to see (Jordan) do well. It’s a fun season. We’re just a Mardi Gras family. And he’s been around it pretty much all of his life.”
By Debra Braggs
PRICHARD, Ala. -- According to Loreal Witherspoon’s mother, there is only one word that describes her daughter — overachiever.
“She is sweet and humble, yet she is an overachiever,” said Edith Witherspoon, who admits that she is probably responsible for her middle daughter’s competitive spirit.
ROYAL CORONATION: 6 p.m. today at Blount High School, 5450 Lott Road. Cost: $15. Info: 251-452-1253.
GRAND MARSHAL'S BALL: 9 p.m. Friday at Bishop State's central campus. Cost: $20. Info: 251-452-1253.
ROYAL LUNCHEON: 2 p.m. Feb. 14 at the Marriott Hotel, 3101 Airport Blvd. Cost: $30. Info: 251-452-1253.
PMGA PARADE: noon Feb. 15. Starting at Prichard Stadium and traveling on Whistler to Elm, Wilson Avenue, Prichard Lane and U.S. 45, to the Bessemer Service Road and back to stadium. Also this season:
KREWE OF GOATS PARADE: noon Feb. 13, starting on Interstate 65 service road and traveling on U.S. 45.
A senior at Satsuma High School, the queen of the Prichard Mardi Gras Association’s 2010 carnival festivities has a long list of achievements on her resume. Excelling in the classroom and beyond, the daughter of Lloyd and Edith Witherspoon of Mount Vernon agrees that her drive to succeed was probably inherited from her mother.
“I’m a lot like my mother. And I don’t like to lose,” she added with a giggle.
Her many school activities include being a member of Mu Alpha Theta, an math honor society; serving as a minority leader in student government and being a four-year veteran on the majorette line for the marching band.
Loreal is also a member of the Junior Saintsations, a squad that mirrors the New Orleans Saints Cheerleaders. Her eldest sister, Jessica McCray, is a member of the New Orleans Saintsations and was also the queen of Prichard Mardi Gras in 2006.
“When I became a senior in high school, it was just understood that I would apply to be the queen of Prichard Mardi Gras,” Loreal said.
“I remember when I was very small and the first time I saw the queen I told my mother that ‘I want to be her someday.’”
Serving as the queen of Prichard Mardi Gras “is a dream come true,” but Loreal is no stranger to holding royal titles.
“I was named Miss Freshman Beauty and Miss Sophomore Beauty of the Miss Satsuma High School Pageant. And I am currently the third-runner-up to Mobile County’s Junior Miss 2010,” she said.
Competition aside, the young queen also finds time for community service. She has served as a helper at Fun Days at Robert E. Lee Elementary School and has entertained students at the Belsaw-Mount Vernon School. She also participates in Relay For Life, benefiting the American Cancer Society, and sings in the choir at Pine Grove Missionary Baptist Church.
“I just love being very busy. And I am stress free. Nothing upsets me.”
After high school graduation, she plans to attend the University of South Alabama and study nursing anesthesiology.
“I knew I wanted to be in the operating room, but I didn’t want to do the cutting. So something about anesthesiology just attracted me.”
While Queen Loreal has had lots of successes in her young life, her mother said she has always remained humble.
“I remember the day she found out she was chosen to be Prichard’s queen. The look on her face was priceless. She just sat there with her mouth hung open.”
“I just love Mardi Gras,” Loreal said. “And all of my friends are very excited and they all wanted to help me do something to prepare.”
The queen says one of her fondest memories of Mardi Gras is the day she caught a teddy bear during a parade.
“I was about 6, and I will never forget that day. I still have the teddy bear on my bed.”
The talk of beads, Moon Pies, stuffed animals and the parades stirs an excitement in her voice. “But I think I’m most looking forward to the coronation, because it’s like living a dream I had as a little girl.”
Her preference for simple elegance will be reflected in her white formal gown with an off-the-shoulder neckline and a bodice sprinkled with beads. The white satin train flows from her waist and is bordered in metallic gold brocade. The body of the train features a medley of pastel flowers in gold metallic urns. A rhinestone crown on purple velvet adorns the top. The collar is outlined in gold beaded banding. The queen’s train and collar were executed by Patricia Halsell-Richardson and staff.
Lady Kayla D. Curry is the daughter of Palmer and Woodrow Curry Jr. of Eight Mile. She is a senior honor student at Blount, where she is a member of the honors band, the gold band and the National Honor Society. She also is a member of the Imperial Knights Service Organization, the Delteens and the Elites. She attends Antioch Missionary Baptist Church in Prichard. She plans to study health services administration at Florida A&M University in Tallahassee.
Lady Myesha Shanay Dulaney is the daughter of Melanie Bryant and Michael Clemons. She is a senior honor student at Blount, where she is dance captain of the varsity cheerleading squad. She was selected as Miss Senior, was on the Homecoming Court and also works as an assistant in the school office. She is on the praise and worship team at True Light Baptist Church, where she is active in youth choir and Red Circles. She plans to study pre-medicine at the University of Alabama or Alabama A&M University and hopes to become a pediatrician.
Second Lady-in-Waiting Sharnika Gildersleeve is the daughter of Santitia and Clenzo Gildersleeve Jr. of Mobile. She is a senior at Blount, where she is on the varsity cheerleading squad. She is also a member of Elite Community Service Organization and Leadership. She was given the title Miss Blount High School and has received an award for perfect attendance. She attends Trinity Lutheran Church where she is on the youth choir and is a Sunday school secretary. She plans to study biology at the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa.
Lady Aladrienne Kennedy is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Allen Kennedy of Mobile. She is a senior at Vigor High School, where she plays softball. She is also a member of the National Honor Society and a nominee for Who’s Who Among American High School Students. She attends New Light Baptist Church in Eight Mile, where she sings in the choir and serves as a junior usher. She plans to attend Alabama A&M University in Huntsville and is interested in becoming a dental hygienist.
Lady Ashley Nicole Kilpatrick, daughter of Lajuana and Keith Anderson of Whistler, is a senior honor student at Vigor, where she is in the top 10 percentile. Honored as Student of the Month, she is a member of the National Honor Society, the Advanced Chorus and the Beta Club. She attends Goodwill Church Ministries in Prichard. She plans to study chemistry/pre-med at Jackson State University in Jackson, Miss.
Lady Raveen Lee, daughter of Sharon and Raymond Gill of Eight Mile, is a senior honor student at Vigor, where she is captain of the dance team. She is also a member of the Civitan Club and the National Honor Society. She received a band award and also served as an officer in her junior class. She attends St. Joseph Baptist Church, where she is in the choir. She is employed at Winn-Dixie. She plans to study nursing at Alabama A&M University in Huntsville.
Lady Amber L. McQueen is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew McQueen Sr. of Eight Mile. She is a senior at Vigor and serves as secretary of the Advanced Chorus. She is also a member of the Dazzling Dolls and the Basketball Dance Team. She attends New Rejoicing Church, where she is a member of the choir and dance team and serves as youth director. She serves as a volunteer for Alpha Chi Alpha, the YMCA and local nursing homes. She plans to study music education at the University of South Alabama.
Lady Brandi Moore is the daughter of Johnny Moore and the late Lynn Moore. Her guardians are Ralph and Gloria Gordon. She is a senior honor student at Blount, where she is in the marching band, the Elites Service Club and the Multicultural Club. She attends Mount Calvary Baptist Church in Prichard. She plans to study computer engineering at Alabama State University in Montgomery.
Lady Rose LeAnn Moore is the daughter of Annie L. Williams and Robert L. Moore, both of Prichard. She is a senior at Blount, where she is a member of the Multicultural Club, FBLA and the Student Government Association. She also has received awards for perfect attendance, Most Valuable Band Member and outstanding community service. She sings in the choir at Mount Sinai Missionary Baptist Church in Whistler. She plans to study physical therapy at the University of South Alabama.
First Lady-in-Waiting Kalyn Marie Richardson is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Harris of Mobile and Dereck LaBeaud of Cleveland. She is a senior honor student at Vigor, where she is a varsity cheerleader and a member of the National Honor Society, Scholastic Honor Society and Beta Club Honor Society. She is also an Azalea Trail Maid and is active in Rams Kids for the University of Mobile. She attends Goodwill Church Ministries in Prichard and has volunteered at the FBLA and Youth Leadership of Mobile. She plans to attend Florida A&M University or Auburn University and study pharmacology.
Lady Stanecia Carmice Roberts, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Madise, is a senior at LeFlore High School, where she is a member of SECME, FBLA, the Environmental Club and Key Club. She attends Mount Olive AME Zion Church. She plans to study psychology at the University of South Alabama.
Lady Courtney Williams is the daughter of Latonya and Edward Walter and the late Narvie Lee Lane. She is a senior at Blount and is a varsity cheerleader. She is also in the band, FBLA and Elites Community Service Organization. She has received awards for perfect attendance, honor roll and Who’s Who Among America’s High School Students. She attends Prayer Tabernacle Early Church of Jesus Christ. She is employed at Zaxby’s. She plans to study veterinary medicine at the University of South Alabama.
Alana Gordon, daughter of Raven Gordon and Reginald Crenshaw Jr.
Tamira Griffin, daughter of Talonda Griffin-Inge
JaCoby Kendris Howard, son of Teneka Nicole Howard
Amber Marie Hunt, daughter of Tommy and Athena Hunt
Diamond J. Jackson, daughter of Joy Jackson
LaKiayah Tellis, daughter of Latasha Gill and Tarrance Tellis
Kyanna Annette White, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William White
Keyshawn Donye Woodyard, son of Mr. and Mrs. Donye Woodyard
Knight Jeremy Jackson is the son of Sheretta Jackson and Michael Jackson. He is a senior and varsity basketball player at Blount, where he is a member of the Elites Service Club. He was also on the Homecoming Court. He attends Temple of Jerusalem in Prichard. He plans to study sports medicine at the University of Alabama at Birmingham.
Knight Scott Demiel Jackson is the son of Patricia and Freeman Jackson of Mobile. He is a senior at Blount, where he is a member of the Alpha Elites and ROTC. He has been honored with the Korean War Veterans Award and Veterans of Foreign Wars Award. He attends Little Welcome Missionary Baptist Church. He plans to study computer design, graphic design and engineering at the University of South Alabama and ITT Technical School.
Knight Christopher McGadney, son of Mr. and Mrs. Christopher McGadney, is a senior at Blount. He played varsity football and is also a member of the Elites Service Club. He attends Greater Mount Olive Baptist Church No. 2 and sings in the choir. He plans to study education at Alabama State University in Montgomery.
First Knight DeAngalo Nesby is the son of Tamara Williamson Nesby and Marcus Nesby of Mobile. He is a senior at Murphy High School, where he is in the National Honor Society, Student Government Association and DECA. He attends St. Stephens AME Church in Mobile, where he sings in the youth choir and serves as an usher. He works as a sales associate at Men’s Wearhouse. He plans to study pre-med at Birmingham- Southern College in Birmingham.
Knight Gavin A. Randall, son of Nichelle and Lord Showery of Whistler, is a senior at Blount. He plays on the varsity football team and is a member of the Robotic Team and the Multicultural Club. He has had perfect attendance for two years and is on the honor roll. He attends Mount Hebron Church Ministries. He plans to study mechanical engineering at Alabama A&M University in Huntsville.
Second Knight Antonio Darnell Robinson is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Eddie Robinson Jr. of Whistler. He is a senior at Vigor, where he is a member of the National Beta Club, National Honor Society and the Civitan Club. He is also a Kiwanis Honors Student and a nominee for Who’s Who Among American High School Students. He attends St. Luke Baptist Church, where he sings in the choir and serves as youth president. He plans to study electrical engineering at Auburn University.International Conference for Senior Law Enforcement Officials – ICSLEO 2010
09-12-2010 Feature
The ICRC’s role in responding to 'other situations of violence' is expanding at a time when police forces are growing in importance. The organization’s engagement with these forces has intensified over the last decade, as confirmed by the first International Conference for Senior Law-Enforcement Officials, held in Geneva from 30 November to 2 December.
The ICRC had invited law-enforcement professionals and experts from around the world to discuss challenges of modern policing and the integration of international rules and standards into daily law-enforcement practices.
The event included a visit to training facilities of the Geneva gendarmerie where the conference participants observed different training exercises performed by the public order unit of the gendarmerie.
Dialogue with the police is nothing new for the organization; it dates back to the Spanish Civil War in the 1930s. But the ICRC has traditionally been much more involved with armed forces, spreading awareness of and encouraging respect for international humanitarian law (IHL). With the growing importance of 'other situations of violence' below the threshold of conflict, however, both IHL and the armed forces are often less relevant than human rights law, and the forces most closely involved: the police. It is with the police that ICRC delegates increasingly discuss access to detainees, detention conditions, the treatment of citizens, disappearances and respect for fundamental human rights.
However, the ICRC does not want to get involved in teaching police officers how to actually interrogate suspects, control crowds or use force, all of which are key areas of concern to the organization. Even though it has a growing number of experienced former police officers among its staff, it cannot take over the responsibility of police forces to make their own institutional choices. The ICRC merely reminds them of the operational implications of fundamental human rights law on law-enforcement practices. It leaves it up to the police forces themselves to integrate human rights law into the practices.
"It is up to States to train their police forces and ensure that fundamental rights are included in manuals, curricula, training and instructions," says Dr Anja Bienert, advisor for ICRC activities with police and security forces. "We are increasingly involved in these processes, but we do not want to become the trainers or textbook writers ourselves. Besides, you cannot apply a one-size-fits-all approach to such a range of different countries."
Time to adapt
The ICRC is adapting to police forces at a time when they themselves are adjusting to changes in their own countries, which creates opportunities for the organization. "Most of the police forces here, including my own country’s, have gradually evolved from protecting the State to protecting its citizens," concedes Colonel Fabio Manhães Xavier, director of the police training academy of Brazil's second biggest state, Minais Gerais. "Most senior police officials have a military background, and have had to adjust to this new philosophy. Workshops like this one help to generate consensus."
The event was also an opportunity to enhance understanding of the support the ICRC can provide to police forces. "I only knew the ICRC as an aid organization," says General Ahmed Khan Toru, the chief of police in Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa province in North-West Pakistan, where the ICRC is very active. "I did not realize the organization worked on policing issues. I would like the ICRC to do in my province what it has done with Indonesia or the Philippines," (that is, a long-term cooperation programme with the police on law-enforcement issues).
"The conference has added a new dimension to the ICRC's dialogue with police and security forces," said Dr Philip Spoerri, the organization’s director for law and cooperation. "It brought together senior law-enforcement professionals and experts from more than 15 countries to discuss their experiences and the lessons they have learnt. It provided them with a platform for debate, learning from one another and generating new ideas."
The ICRC conducts activities with police and security forces in more than 80 countries around the world and the conference is an affirmation of its commitment to further engage in this constructive dialogue with them in the future – in line with its mandate to alleviate the suffering of people affected by armed conflict and other situations of violence...
3. Add a teaspoon.
4. Stir in tofu, then pour on the sauce mixture. Stir-fry 1 minute or until the sauce coats everything and is thickened. Serve on rice.Ubisoft has announced that seven million copies of Assassin’s Creed III were sold during the game’s first month on sale. The number doubles the 3.5 million copies sold during the first week, and Ubisoft says this makes Assassin’s Creed III the fastest-selling game in company history.
Ubisoft reports that fans “have accumulated more than 82 centuries of gaming time” in solo missions and performed more than three billion in-game assassinations. Multiplayer has seen twice as many players as Assassin’s Creed Revelations, with more than five billion multiplayer sessions played and more than 250 million assassinations performed.
“The reception for Assassin’s Creed III has been exceptional, and this success has positioned the game among the best sellers of the 2012 holiday season” said senior vice president of sales and marketing Tony Key. “We knew we had something special on our hands when Assassin’s Creed III was launched, and we’re really excited and proud to see how much fans are enjoying the latest installment in the franchise.”
Assassin’s Creed III will receive new downloadable content in 2013 focused on an alternate history where George Washington is king.Our Products
We make foods to help you feel your best everyday from the inside out, centered on your digestive health. Simple ingredients and simply made, we believe what matters most is what's inside.
attune Probiotic Chocolate Bars (Refrigerated)
attune Probiotic Chocolate Bars (Non-Refrigerated)
Erewhon Organic Cereals
Erewhon Organic Graham Crackers
Uncle Sam Cereals
Peace Cereals
Sweet Home Farm GranolaWhy the name "Red Hill"?+
Many years ago, when most of Kentucky's land was still unexplored and covered in wilderness; a group of railroad workers, constructing tracks westward hit the hardest red clay they'd ever seen. And so the site became known as Red Hill. The workers, as well as the conductors and other workers of the railroad used the name "Red Hill" as a marker of sorts to let the depots know how far they were from arrival.Join our free email mailing list >>Econet & Telecel: A Tale of Two Telecoms Companies
Twenty years ago, in the mid-1990s, a young telecoms engineer came across an idea for the future and brought it to Zimbabwe. He wanted to operate a mobile telephone service business. It was unheard of in our parts, indeed, in many parts of the world. A version of the story is that when he brought […]by Leslie Morgan Steiner
On a leafy green street in suburban Bethesda, Maryland, there’s a friendly redbrick building. My son’s AAU basketball team held practice there two nights a week for a year, so I knew Thomas W. Pyle Middle School before I read about it in the Washington Post recently. Plus two girls from my son’s private school left to attend Pyle three years ago. It’s in their neighborhood and they wanted to be able to walk to school and be with their local friends. Pyle’s education is arguably just as nurturing and stimulating as our kids’ expensive private school, and it feeds into Walt Whitman High School, an Honorable Mention on US News and World Report’s “America’s Best High Schools [1]”.
So I was stunned to read in the Post [2] that kids at Pyle have been sending and receiving nude or nearly nude photos of female classmates via text message – or “sexting.” Other Pyle students allegedly PAID to view the photos. In some states, this counts as child pornography, even though, in this case at least, the girls apparently posed willingly.
How could such young kids – 6th, 7th, and 8th graders – be so technologically sophisticated and simultaneously stupid? How can middle school have changed so radically in 30 years that girls WANT boys to see them naked? As a middle school girl myself, my greatest terror was being dragged into the boys’ bathroom – fully clothed. I had nightmares about not wearing underwear to school. I would have thrown myself into a sewer before I willingly shared a nude photo of my private self with classmates.
This disconnect is just more evidence of the technology divide between our childhood and our children’s daily reality.
"I cannot emphasize enough how important it is for parents to monitor children's use of cell phones and the Internet," the Pyle principal wrote in the school newsletter. "Our students are at an age when they begin to test boundaries and make complex life decisions. There is a comfort for students when parents set limits and remain active in their lives."
I decided to try the principal’s advice. Could my 7th grade son – who Verizon claims sent 5,000 text messages during the month of January – be sexting with his classmates?
So I asked him. Turns out, he had heard about the Pyle case too, and had a few opinions himself.
“I guess I think it’s wrong to sell naked pictures of yourself or someone else,” he told me. “But the girls weren’t forced to do it. Maybe it’s stupidity that got them into it. And the boys were perverted and morally wrong to pay to look at them. But I don’t see how you can call it illegal. All the kids did it willingly. I hear older kids – mostly high school -- talking about nude pictures getting around all the time – via text, Facebook and the Internet.”
I told my son that curiosity about sex and other people’s bodies is totally normal. But that sexting is not a terribly good way to assuage one’s curiosity – given that it’s potentially illegal and immoral. Seemed we had a good, helpful discussion along the lines of the Pyle principal’s advice. In our own fashion, we chipped away at the technology chasm separating my childhood and my son’s.
“Yeah, Mom,” was his answer. “Now can you help me with my math homework?”
Suddenly, parabolas and quadratic equations seemed blessedly simple.American Counseling Association members received the 2005 ACA Code of Ethics bundled with the December 2005 issue of Counseling Today. 21 state licensing boards use it as the basis for adjudicating complaints of ethical violations. As a service to members, Counseling Today is publishing a monthly column focusing on new aspects of the 2005 ACA Code of Ethics (the ethics code is also available online at).
ACA Chief Professional Officer David Kaplan conducted the following interview with Barbara Herlihy and Judy Miranti, two members of the ACA Ethical Code Revision Task Force.
Standard Standards A.4.a., E.5.c., E.5.d.)
David Kaplan: A new standard in the ACA Code of Ethics (C.6.e., see above) states that counselors now need to use interventions and approaches that are grounded in theory and/or have an empirical or scientific foundation. If there is no theoretical or empirical support for a particular technique or procedure, the counselor must inform the client that the technique or procedure is “unproven” or “developing” and discuss potential risks and other ethical considerations. Why did the Ethical Code Revision Task Force add this new standard?
Barbara Herlihy: There was concern that some counselors implement techniques that grow out of their own bias, are faddish or clearly unproven in a scientific way. The task force felt that counselors need to have a rationale for treatments and procedures that are grounded in an established theory or have a supporting research base.
Judy Miranti: Much of the discussion about the need to have theoretical or empirical grounding focused on sexual orientation issues in counseling — specifically around reparative/conversion therapy.
DK: Let’s come back to the reparative/conversion therapy issue in just a moment.
First, I do think we need to acknowledge that the new “Scientific Bases for Treatment Modalities” standard advances the profession.
JM: It moves the profession forward by telling counselors that while eclecticism or the application of several techniques could be therapeutic, the treatment modalities selected need to be research-based.
BH: The new standard on scientific bases for treatment modalities reminds us that the counseling profession has developed quite a body of literature both in theory and research which guides us toward effective practice. As such, our work needs to remain grounded in this carefully developed research base.
DK: You mentioned that one of the discussion points around this section was conversion/
reparative therapy — an approach that purports to “convert” homosexuals to heterosexuality.
JM: Both the Ethical Code Revision Task Force and the ACA Executive Committee felt that it was important to look at the biases and prejudices involved in conversion/reparative therapy and the possible harm that this approach can cause.
DK: Since the 2005 ACA Code of Ethics has been published, the Ethics Committee has formally ruled that conversion/reparative therapy does fall under C.6.e. and that any counselor using this approach must tell clients that conversion/reparative therapy is developing or unproven.
BH: Although conversion/reparative therapy may have been the first specific technique, procedure or modality that has been identified as needing to be labeled as “developing” or “unproven,” it is important to note that Standard C.6.e., “Scientific Bases for Treatment Modalities,” wasn’t aimed exclusively at that approach. This new standard was designed to focus broadly on any technique, procedure or modality that might be controversial and whose effectiveness or appropriateness is unfounded or not grounded in research.
DK: Why didn’t the Ethical Code Revision Task Force decide to specifically state in the ethical code that conversion/reparative therapy is banned?
JM: This did come up, and some task force members felt that we should be specific and list approaches that are unethical.
BH: But in the end, we decided that this would set a precedent — the ACA Code of Ethics has never listed specific interventions or approaches that are unethical — and that it was not in the best interest of the counseling profession to start now.
JM: We would not have been able to be all-inclusive and be assured that we had listed every intervention that should be banned. Therefore, a laundry list of forbidden interventions would lead counselors to assume that any intervention not on the list was fully approved by ACA.
DK: And you would worry about harmful techniques, procedures and modalities that were left off the list or were developed after the list was published.
JM: Exactly!
DK: How does a professional counselor know whether a technique, procedure or modality needs to be labeled as unproven or developing? In other words, how does a counselor determine whether Standard C.6.e., “Scientific Bases for Treatment Modalities,” applies to the intervention or approach they are using with a client?
BH: When in doubt about the scientific base of a technique, procedure or modality, use the standard “consult, consult, consult.” Call a former professor. Call an expert. Talk to some colleagues. But by all means, consult.
JM: Utilize resources on the ACA website and other websites. Keep current with the research by going to workshops and reading professional books and journals, and stay in contact with other practitioners who can serve as consultants.
DK: This is a good time to remind readers that ACA’s manager for Ethics and Professional Standards, Larry Freeman (800.347.6647 ext. 314 or lfreeman@counseling.org), provides free ethics consultation to ACA members and that our best-selling book, the ACA Ethical Standards Casebook by Barbara Herlihy and Gerald Corey, was just revised to include the 2005 ACA ethical standards. (Note: For more on the ACA Ethical Standards Casebook, turn to “Behind the Book” on page 30.) The casebook can be ordered at 800.347.6647 ext. 222 or. Free ethics resources are also available to ACA members at.
So far we have been talking about Standard C.6.e., “Scientific Bases for Treatment Modalities,” in terms of the techniques, procedures and modalities that counselors use with their clients. Does it also apply when the counselor is asked for a referral?
BH: If a client requested an approach that was not grounded in theory or an empirical/
scientific foundation, it would be my responsibility to thoroughly discuss the unproven or developing nature of the approach, the limitations of that approach and alternative approaches. If the client proceeded to choose that intervention after this thorough discussion, it would be my responsibility to facilitate that process and provide a referral.
DK: The ACA Ethics Committee has just completed an extensive paper on the subject of referrals for conversion/
reparative therapy and other interventions that do not have a scientific base that very much supports your statement. An abridged version was published on pages 14-15 of the July 2006 edition of Counseling Today, and the complete document is available at.
Switching gears, what do you think ACA needs to do to assist professional counselors with the new standard “Scientific Bases for Treatment Modalities”?
JM: We should consider developing a website section for practitioners fashioned around this standard that provides information on proven treatment modalities. We also need to help professional counselors define the potential risks and ethical considerations of specific approaches. Students and counselor educators have access to the most recent literature, but practitioners in the field may not.
DK: Please convey thanks to the entire Ethical Code Revision Task Force for yet another new standard that advances the profession. Any final thoughts?
BH: Professional counselors need to understand that Standard C.6.e. was not meant to be rigid and imply that only techniques, procedures or modalities that have been supported by experimental studies with random selection can be utilized. If that were the case, we would only use cognitive behavior therapy because it is the easiest to study under experimental (or at least quasi-experimental) conditions. We have to think more broadly and inclusively than that and include qualitative and other approaches. The point is that we don’t want counselors using biased approaches that are not thought through and have no evidence of validity.
Next month: New requirement to have a transfer plan
Letters to the editor: ct@counseling.orgLearn more about The Language Flagship Fellowship
The Language Flagship enabled Heather Kalmbach, who had previous overseas and language study experience, to advance her Arabic language and cultural skills to the professional level that would allow her to thrive in the U.S. Foreign Service. Heather has served in Saudi Arabia and is now posted in Jerusalem, where she focuses on human rights, women’s issues, and civil society. Heather earned an MA in Middle Eastern Studies from the University of Michigan and studied abroad in Morocco and Egypt. Seeking to enhance her Arabic skills further, she enrolled in The Language Flagship, which helped her achieve superior proficiency. The Language Flagship leads the nation in advanced education in critical need languages, helping hundreds of Americans each year reach the level of language proficiency so urgently needed in our future leaders.
See more storiesWhile CSU President Tony Frank said his decision to fire athletic director Jack Graham was not connected to the debate about whether or not to build a new on-campus stadium, it's hard to imagine the stadium moving forward without the man who first proposed it leading the athletic department.
Graham first proposed the stadium to Frank in the fall of 2011 and was hired a two months later as the school's athletic director, replacing Paul Kowalczyk, who was fired. He's been leading the effort to raise private funds to build the $254 million facility ever since.
MORE: 4 things to know about Graham's firing
MORE: CSU coaches, former athletes react
BLUMHARDT: Blumhardt: Gone is Graham and hopes of a new stadium
"This decision is in no way connected to the on-campus stadium project," Frank said in an email that went out Friday afternoon to Ram Club members, athletics donors and season-ticket holders. "… The stadium project is separate from this personnel action and will continue to move forward as planned, with me providing a recommendation to the Board of Governors in October."
Bob Vangermeersch, head of the anti-stadium Save Our Stadium Hughes organization, found that hard to believe.
"The prime mover, the guy who suggested it and the major fundraiser's gone," Vangermeersch said. "I don't know how else to interpret it."
Frank was given conditional approval to move forward with the stadium project by the Colorado State University Board of Governors in October 2012, provided at least half of the money could be raised in private donations before ground was broken. A two-year time frame was agreed upon to raise those funds.
MORE: CSU AD says stadium on track with 'record' athletics donations
Brett Anderson, the university's vice president for advancement, told the Coloradoan two weeks ago that $24.2 million had been raised for the stadium project as of June 30. Graham had said he believed athletics would be responsible for raising about $110 million by October, or half of the estimated cost of the academic portion of the proposed stadium, which also would include 85,000 square feet of classroom space estimated to cost $34 million.
Mike Harms, senior vice president with Icon Venue Group, which was selected as the project manager for the stadium said Friday that his company "continues to work on the design and development" of the stadium and that he did not yet know what impact, if any, Graham's firing would have on the project.
"Nothing's changed for our standpoint, as far as I know," he said.
Harms said he expected to learn more during a previously scheduled meeting Monday with CSU vice president Amy Parsons and other university administrators.
MORE: City leaders react
JOIN THE CONVERSATION: Your reactions to Graham's firing
Follow reporter Kelly Lyell at twitter.com/KellyLyell and facebook.com/KellyLyell.news.
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsI've run across this problem in a number of different contexts, and usually the cause is the simplest thing for which you could look.
All these other solutions posted could weed out more complex and weird causes, but in my experience (six years as an IT manager) it is best to go with Occam's Razor*:
There's something funky going on with your speakers or your sound card.
It is unlikely that a weird sound coming from your machine was caused by an application that otherwise keeps its lips shut. And Windows sounds are pretty trouble-free.
- Brian
*
For those of you who have an urge to Google here . . . ." -- from the Principia Cybernetica
brichards99 - I do agree that looking for the simplest, or most common, problem is the best way to troubleshoot an answer, and I do not think my suggestions were in any way complex or weird.
Although my stats read newbie, I have been visiting AO for a long time. And since your stats read newbie I'm going to cut you some slack, but I am going to take you to task. Sharing your knowledge and attempting to help another AO member is admirable, but suggesting that the entire board is incompotent and that you are wiser than everyone else, by virtue of your claim to be a 6 year IT manager, is not a smart move. If you want to flame the entire board I suggest you take your comments into the COSMOS section, that is why COSMOS was created. The reprecussions may cause you to find yourself to be the recipient of an unprecedented amount of Anti-points.
All newbies should take heed.
The mentally handicaped are persecuted in this great country, and I say rightfully so! These people are NUTS!!!!
All these other solutions posted could weed out more complex and weird causes, but in my experience (six years as an IT manager) it is best to go with Occam's Razor*:
I do not believe he is calling everybody here stupid. I think he is just saying that most/all people have posted solutions for rather complicated and complex problems. And that the problem should be queried in the simplest way.
-Sam-
I have had this same problem. It happened twice in a week so I decided to diconnect everything and open up my box and make sure nothing with off. I didn't see anything but I dissassembled and reassembled everything and cleaned inside and I haven't had a problem since. I was on W2K though, so it may not have anything to do with it.
Quick idea could it be overheating (may want to look at it) not sure. Will try to find some info for ya.
Overdue . . .
Ahhhh . . . I guess the definition of flaming has changed recently, because all I intended to do was focus the original author on the best way to go.
If you felt that I was calling you names or casting aspersions on your character, I apologize. Just try to spell incompetent correctly in the future.
(Okay, that was an unnecessary jab. But you were you were the one who threw the newbie title on the table.)
Ok. I can admit the "flaming" was possibly to harsh, and upon reflection, the word "condesending" would, in my opinion, better describe the tone of the post in question. If I took your post out of context, you have my apologies in return.
As for the spelling.... I do not have a word processing or spell check program on this box. I am actually pleasantly suprised that there were not more spelling errors.
No worries . . .
I'll own up to the condescending part. I'm not so great sometimes at watching my tone when posting to boards I've not posted to before, so I apologize for that.
I am impressed here with the frequency of posts, though. This is an active forum for these topics.
brichards99
I would be fascinated to know what you would deem to be a "simple" solution to an intermittent fault:
Then the weirdest thing happened I heard a clicking sound coming from my computer speakers. It sounded like when somebody hits a penny on a table sofly but really fast at the same time.Making this click,click sound over and over. I tried the usual Alt+Crtl_Del but that didn't work. I tried Esc key that didn't work either. I ended up having too hit the reset button on my computer
That tells me that the machine has "hung" and is no longer accepting instructions from its control peripherals? One of the most probable causes of that is lack of resource.
I have re-read your two posts, and do not see you suggesting ANY practical solution to the problem, simple or otherwise.
The simplest solution is to buy a new computer?..............that is also the most costly!
Unless the solution is obvious, the best way to fault find a computer problem is to identify all the possible culprits and eliminate them one by one. You do this by starting with the simplest and cheapest and progressing from had this problem before and it used to happen to me when rundll32 would crash. and the noise that was heard comes from trying to push buttons or moving the mouse. Well atleast that was the problem with my
Yes I have had that, but I would call it more of a "very short complaining beep"? it usually happens AFTER the machine has hung, and only if the keyboard and mouse are still being responded to (hit capslock or numlock to test this)?
from the description that we have, it seems that the noise appears after the lockup? and is more of a tapping sound, or maybe I misunderstood it.
It is a useful future reference though
Cheers
EDIT: The test is easy...............hit the enter key 5 times and you will get 5 of the noise you describe. If it is continuous until you power off, it is the one that I am talking about.
Forum RulesTEXT ONLY
News
Releases @ TCC
TCC TO UPGRADE STUDENT INFORMATION SYSTEM
Offline Feb. 27 - March 7, but students can conduct business
on campuses
HAMPTON
ROADS, Va. – (Feb. 16, 2005) – As part of a statewide
initiative to upgrade and enhance the computerized student information
system that serves Virginia community colleges, Tidewater Community
College will take its registration, transcript and other student
web-based and Touchtone services offline from 6 p.m. on Feb. 27
through March 7.
During the system’s downtime for conversion, TCC will assist
students with business needs at all four campuses, including registration
for the second 8-week session that begins March 14, tuition payment
by cash, check or money order, and admissions activities.
TCC’s Touchtone Interactive Voice Response and web-based
access to the student information system will be available when
the system goes live again on March 8.
For assistance or more information,Regulation, competition and fraud: evidence from retail gas stations in Mexico.
- Geithman, Frederick E & Marvel, Howard P & Weiss, Leonard W, 1981. "Concentration, Price and Critical Concentration Ratios," The Review of Economics and Statistics, MIT Press, vol. 63(3), pages 346-53, August.
- Steven C. Salop, 1979. "Monopolistic Competition with Outside Goods," Bell Journal of Economics, The RAND Corporation, vol. 10(1), pages 141-156, Spring.
- Barron, John M. & Taylor, Beck A. & Umbeck, John R., 2004. "Number of sellers, average prices, and price dispersion," International Journal of Industrial Organization, Elsevier, vol. 22(8-9), pages 1041-1066, November.
- Eckert, Andrew & West, Douglas S., 2005. "Price uniformity and competition in a retail gasoline market," Journal of Economic Behavior & Organization, Elsevier, vol. 56(2), pages 219-237, February.
- Stiglitz, Joseph E, 1987. "Competition and the Number of Firms in a Market: Are Duopolies More Competitive than Atomistic Markets?," Journal of Political Economy, University of Chicago Press, vol. 95(5), pages 1041-61, October.
- I.P.L. Png & David Reitman, 1994. "Service Time Competition," RAND Journal of Economics, The RAND Corporation, vol. 25(4), pages 619-634, Winter.
-.
- Barron, John M. & Umbeck, John R. & Waddell, Glen R., 2008. "Consumer and competitor reactions: Evidence from a field experiment," International Journal of Industrial Organization, Elsevier, vol. 26(2), pages 517-531, March.
- Marvel, Howard P, 1978. "Competition and Price Levels in the Retail Gasoline Market," The Review of Economics and Statistics, MIT Press, vol. 60(2), pages 252-58, May.
- Sen, Anindya, 2003. "Higher prices at Canadian gas pumps: international crude oil prices or local market concentration? An empirical investigation," Energy Economics, Elsevier, vol. 25(3), pages 269-288, May.
- Severin Borenstein, 1991. "Selling Costs and Switching Costs: Explaining Retail Gasoline Margins," RAND Journal of Economics, The RAND Corporation, vol. 22(3), pages 354-369, Autumn.
- George Deltas, 2008. "RETAIL GASOLINE PRICE DYNAMICS AND LOCAL MARKET POWER -super-* ," Journal of Industrial Economics, Wiley Blackwell, vol. 56(3), pages 613-628, 09.
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:pra:mprapa:34.
PREP
**.
How do you make a better mac & cheese bake? Add bacon!
See how to make a velvety, five-star macaroni and cheese.Latest Articles
Belmont Contenders
Preakness Results
Preakness Undercard
Black-Eyed Susan Day
Thur. Preakness Photos
2006 Triple Crown Contenders
Point Determined
Trainer:
Bob Baffert
Jockey:
Rafael Bejarano
Foaling Date:
2-6-2003
Pedigree:
Point Given - Merengue by Broad Brush
Dosage Profile:
3-7-10-0-0
Dosage Index/CD:
3.00 0.65
2005 Record:
1 starts 0-0-1 $5,280
Best Beyer Figure:
103
Note:
Always highly regarded, he broke his maiden in his 2nd start then was 2nd in an allowance and won an optional claimer. Was 2nd in his first stakes try in the San Felipe behind A.P. Warrior. Came on at the end to get second behind Brother Derek in the Santa Anita Derby for his final prep. Pretty much raced mid-pack all the way in the Derby, finishing 9th.
DRF Past Performances
in Adobe Acrobat PDF format (he is the #1)
Churchill Downs profile
Data Track facts
- all kinds of statistics from the Courier-Journal database
Thoroughbred Times profileG7 Welcoming Committee Records. Uncooperative since 1997.
You appear to be using a shitty web browser. Brent suggests getting a better one.
Welcome to the Hotel Bauen (you can check out anytime you want…etc,etc)
Posted by Chris on 10/11/07 (Shite)
Probably the impressive experience on Propagandhi‘s recent trip to Central/ South America was our opportunity to stay at Hotel Bauen in Buenos Aires. Normally staying at a hotel is about as exciting as sleeping in a hospital hallway, but the Hotel Bauen is not your normal hotel.
It is a 19-floor worker-occupied, boss-less hotel. It is part of a worker’s movement in Argentina that explicitly aims to democratize the workplace. It’s not a “project” or an “experiment”. It is part of an emerging real-life struggle against traditional top-down organizational models.
Here’s some background of the struggle courtesy of Marie Trigona, who operates as a journalist for the movement out of an office in the Bauen Hotel.
Wanna see the future? Look South, folks, look South.
34 fragments of dialogue thus far ...
Comment by citizen stefish on October 11th, 2007 at 2:53 pm:
there’s a good book written about what’s going on in argentina called “sin patron”. haymarket put out an english version of it.
it is listed under the “latin america” category…
Comment by zeph on October 11th, 2007 at 7:59 pm:
Sounds awesome, this kind of stuff gets me excited to hear about, I guess because its not so often I hear encouraging news.
So what do you guys think of all the ‘New Socialism’ stuff going down, particularly Venezuela?
Comment by Yaniv on October 11th, 2007 at 9:31 pm:
By far the best book I’ve read on the topic is Horizontalism, an assorted collection of essays highlighting the possibility of a genuinely democratic alternative to global capital.
Also, If you haven’t yet seen it, check Naomi Klein’s excellent documentary, The Take. The film chronicles the story of a worker’s collective that occupies a factory after the 2001 economic meltdown. They struggle to gain legitimacy and autonomy while living and experiencing bona-fide workplace democracy.
Chris: Besides the hotel, were you able to visit any other occupied factories or worker collectives? I read from Michael Albert’s report when he went down there that there is even an ice-cream factory that has been converted into a non-hierachical, self-managed and participatory worker cooperative. Unbelievable.
Comment by citizen stefish on October 11th, 2007 at 11:39 pm:
thanks for the name horizontalism because i couldn’t remember it a while back when i was trying to get ahold of it.
you know what is interesting about all of this…is where it is happening. when i think of latin america, i (unfortunately) still think of names like stroessner and pinochet, and corporate police states and thousands of people disappearing off the face of the earth. but can you imagine anything like this happening in the united states? or canada? or england? you know, the “free” peoples. no chance in hell! SWAT teams would bash down the door and machine gun everyone down. and they’d be doing their jobs, protecting private property rights. and this stuff is happening, in some places like argentina, less than a quarter century after the horror (kind of) ended.
Comment by maxpaps on October 12th, 2007 at 5:33 am:
Amazing article!
On one side you have people passionately fighting, putting egos aside and creating new grounds for a better system without leaders and “heroes”.
And then you have Al Gore winning the Nobel peace prize, finally reaching his destination after a long painful journey of megalomania. I feel like eating my puke.
Comment by tom on October 13th, 2007 at 12:49 am:
wow so bored lately
not as bored as that last guy obviously
Comment by tom on October 13th, 2007 at 12:56 am:
heres one of chris alone
Comment by Dude Incredible on October 13th, 2007 at 12:19 pm:
Same thing is going on in Germany at a bike manufacturer..
Never before in the FRG (Federal Republic of Germany) self-managed production in an occupied factory took place.
Go forth and spread the word.
Comment by Yaniv on October 13th, 2007 at 6:59 pm:
Tom: I can see the resemblance. Here is one of Todd.
Comment by muva2003 on October 13th, 2007 at 9:53 pm:
Great article. Aside from seemingly earning more money without upper-privelege salaries, the sense of being an actual worker and equal part to the working whole must feel great for these people. Finding folks who feel alienated or detached from their work must be fewer and far between.
I’m still a skeptic with this whole parecon thing, I feel as though the incentives aren’t enough for even a small-scale economic system. It also begs the question: If it’s such a viable system, why aren’t parecon-model businesses popping up around here (I’m in New Jersey). I think Chris linked to something about Parecon awhile back, I’ll take a look at that… If anyone can shoot me some literature, I love reading about this stuff.
What the hell is Todd singing? I can’t hardly tell over the background snorting.
Comment by muva2003 on October 13th, 2007 at 10:01 pm:
maxpaps: If you take a look at the history of the Nobel Peace prize, you’ll see it’s got a track record of bullshit. Yasar Arafat and Henry Kissinger are among some receivers.
Comment by jacksunn on October 15th, 2007 at 4:56 pm:
I was in San Jose, CR the night before Propaghandi played there. I was flying back to my home in Portland the next day. I had been there for a few weeks and had just days before been talking with a friend about how I wanted to see them play. Then, I picked up the paper and saw an article on Propaghandi! I thought, FUCK, they are here! Then, I realized I was going to miss it and thought that it was strange that I could be so far from home where it seems a lot more likely they would play nearby and that they had come all this way too. Hope you guys had a good time. Sorry I missed it. Hope to see you in Oregon at some point.
Comment by killerkowalski on October 16th, 2007 at 2:36 pm:
the future is south? it may very well be.
you know what, i have to admit that as a “financially comfortable” white middle class canadian, i wasn’t educated about the south.
i just believed that fascism and communism where rampant down there. not to be a racist.. i just didn’t know any better, because i didnt think i had to. but my eyes have been opened after seeing this, and recently, Jon Stewart had a guest ( a prime minister, i believe ) from somewhere down there, and he proved me wrong. he proved to be more efficient than our leaders up here, and he wasn’t fucking corrupted either. i wish i could offer more on that, but my memory is just… what was i saying? but, i encourage you to do research on south america.. you will be surprised.
Comment by killerkowalski on October 16th, 2007 at 2:37 pm:
Ah, Evo Morales of Bolivia it was.
Comment by tinamodotti on October 16th, 2007 at 7:53 pm:
Cool post Propagandhi! I posted some photos of your Buenos Aires show as well as Chris and Todd in the basement of the BAUEN.
Punk rock gurus Propaghandhi played in Buenos Aires this week. I had the opportunity to interview the band and watch the show.Check out the interview in November’s issue of Z Magazine, soon forthcoming.: from how do they make decisions, how has the police reacted, how many patrons stay at the hotel because it functions as a cooperative. Many of the questions were rooted in their own experience self-managing a punk rock band and record label, G-7 welcoming committee.
Marie
Comment by antistatecommie on October 17th, 2007 at 4:06 am:
While it might be tempting to glorify instances of workers self-management such as that appearing in Argentina, we can’t actually believe that this is a viable alternative to capitalism.
On only need to look back at LIP in France during the seventies to understand that self-management is merely self-exploitation and to liberate ourselves from capital completely we have to destroy wages, exchange and the State.
Comment by Chris on October 17th, 2007 at 7:11 am:
antistatecommie: it’s great that you want to part of the dialogue. it’s also great that you have a different perspective (apparently).
what is not particularly great is the fact that despite the fact that you have strung together words that indeed imply the form of a criticism, they contain none of the content of an actual criticism. let me help you clarify your position:
WHY are instances of worker self-management (like recuperated factories and hotels in Argentina for example) not worth our consideration?
WHAT is the LIP in France and WHAT are the events that make it suggest that self-management is actually self-exploitation?
it would also be helpful to outline any projects you’re involved in (or aware of) that reflect the goals you describe.
much appreciated!
Comment by Sebast on October 17th, 2007 at 8:20 am:
I belive that the State is the least of our worries in a world where Corporativism has taken the lead in the capitalist market. The State merely allows it to happen, but they shall also soon feel the avarice of capital moneymongers in the form of cold steel slicing their way through their necks (wow, what an 80’s cliché… 1780’s that is).
Basically, self-administered corporations can not exclude themselves from capital cuz they’re still forced to buy other goods from the capitalist structured market system. But imagine a small town where all businesses are self-managed and that the exchange system is in the form of goods and not vulgar money (like Mondragón in France, Chiapas in Mexico or Lleida and Tarragona sin Spain)*.
The only difference it would make is the impossibility of franchising and cross-border exploitation.
Doesn’t sound so bad now does it?
Alas, say goobye to your gameboys and inflatagirls…
—
*Information may not be up to date
Comment by elputomikea on October 17th, 2007 at 9:24 am:
C.J. : here’s what ‘LIP’ is. Too bad for the world the nice documentary on the events does not have an english version–to my knowledge.
Sebast: Mondragon actually is in Spain. Or rather, in the the part of Euskadi where this – – will not be implemented.
Comment by antistatecommie on October 17th, 2007 at 6:51 pm:
Chris: Yes my post was extremely devoid of content and was so because I sought a response from none other but you – as I have wondered for some time how far your analysis of capitalism really went – without wasting too much time. Mind you, I don’t really consider the condecending tone of your reply very conducive to fruitfull discussion.
I’m not suggesting that instance of workers self-management aren’t worth our consideration. I don’t doubt for one second that it is a more humane way of selling ones labour power. But it remains exactly that. Capitalism isn’t just the extraction of surplus value from one class by another. It is the domination of the economy over exploiter and exploited alike. In other words, capitalism can and has existed without the capitalists. To abolish capitalism, the working class must not simply usurp the bourgeoise and insert its self as the dominant class, but negate itself; destory class society and all classes, including itself. To take over the production, reorganise work along socialist, anarchist or parecon lines and continue to allow one aspect of social life to remain seperate from the rest is leaving the economy and thus capitalism intact.
If we look at the history of working class struggles, instances of self-management have typically indicated a defensive position on the part of the proletariat (often to avoid unemployment or to merely survive). Why take over production if we could successfully destory the economy all together and live a qualitatively different life?
Comment by Chris on October 18th, 2007 at 7:15 am:
To abolish capitalism, the working class must not simply usurp the bourgeoise and insert its self as the dominant class, but negate itself; destory class society and all classes, including itself.
So what does this actually mean? What does this negation look like? How do we proceed? Can you describe where we end up looks like?
Why take over production if we could successfully destory the economy all together and live a qualitatively different life?
how do we destroy economy? what does that mean to you? is there a rough description of the possible qualitatively different lives you could outline? what are the ulitmate goals? what are the underlying values?
are there any examples of this proposal for re-organization in action that we can have a look at?
Comment by elputomikea on October 18th, 2007 at 7:32 am:
Yeah!! Let’s destroy the economy! Let’s abolish classes right now! Counnt me in!….Hummm….when/where/with what do we start? When’s the lunch break?
Dude, i’ll skip the criticism of some of the rather intellectually-suspect
assumptions you made about capitalism and history – i have a weight watchers meeting right now and i’m late – and will just ask you a couple of questions: have you ever worked for more than…humm…let’s say at least 2 month in a row in the same place? (a place that wouldn’t be owned by a relative/friend, obviously, and that wouldn’t be a record store–that would be cheating too) If it’s the case, did you actually need the job, or rather, did the money earned constitute your means of survival?
Comment by Sebast on October 18th, 2007 at 11:53 am:
Jumpn’ Yehova’s Witness!
Mondragon IS in Spain! Oops, no. It’s in Guipúzkoa, which means that the borders are not formally defined. Think Kashmir. No, forget the indian/pakistan conflict and think Euskadi and how the basques would feel if we said Mondragón is under spain’s rule.
But hey, i must admit i got confused between the french comune and the basque workers collective. But both examples work fine as an example of what I was trying to say.
‘Bout the cock-fight argument between commies and anarcos I believe Adhesive put it best when they sang “before we smash the state, we’ve got to smash the barriers in our heads”.
There’s no way a society can be devoid of class and capital exchange when our most primordial instincts dictate otherwise (a squirrel steals the nuts of another squirrel if by doing so he can survive the winter). So we either take up heavy meditation techniques and repress our primitive selves (yes, in a negative sense) and become second to vulcans or we start genetic engineering on a massive scale and erase the basic building blocks than become our instincts.
Dunno, just my 0.02$
Comment by diddee on October 18th, 2007 at 12:19 pm:
Look at the Rod, getting all fancy with the HTML coding and making his text bold… Show off.
You think yer better than me?
;)
Comment by antistatecommie on October 18th, 2007 at 6:47 pm:
Chris:.
I don’t have much time right now Chris as I am at work, but there is an abundance of material arguing the a similar to position to me. I would really enjoy continuing this discussion with you through email perhaps, as to avoid banality and ad hominem attacks from the likes Sebast and elputomikea. For now, check out some of the following: – particularly “When Insurrections Die”
Comment by Sebast on October 19th, 2007 at 7:34 am:
Everybody is questionable, therefore, everyTHING is questionable.
Denying this basic principle of human conduct is pretending to be on God’s lap.
Comment by troll on October 19th, 2007 at 9:34 am:
Tu quoque.
Comment by Chris on October 19th, 2007 at 11:08 am:
i think this forum is fine, actually preferable. that’s what it’s here for! you can simply ignore any posts that you feel aren’t constructive. that’s what i do..
i’m not sure how to respond without sounding condescending so i want to stress that’s not my intention. i mean, without a single suggestion as to where to begin this nebulous “negation of the proletariat” (what is that exactly?) or exactly how social relations that reflect your values will spontaneously re-organize and define the center in a political struggle (so as to become the norm), you’re basically recounting a daydream that we all have: i wish the world was a better place.
so how do we get there? what sort of work needs to be done? what might be some underpinnings of these new social relationships that you claim will spontaneously arise in your favor?.
so what does this mean for us here on earth today? what lessons are we to draw from this example? what direction do these lessons point us in? if you want to achieve what you are describing, and what you describe demands “a complete rupture with capitalism”, how do we make that happen? in fact, what do you mean by “a complete rupture with capitalism”? will there still be cities? will there be health care systems? will most people on earth (or in a single society) survive the “rupture”? is it a gradual operation? is it cataclysmic? i need to get a picture of what you intend.
For now, check out some of the following: – particularly “When Insurrections Die”…ionist-international
were there some specific things i should be checking out on the pages (aside from the “when insurrections die” piece)? there are many, many links on them. am i supposed to read them all? is there a way you can distill them into your own words?
and as a final thought: keep in mind that parecon and the worker’s recuperation movement (as just two examples) *are* in fact newly evolving social relationships in a struggle against concentrations of wealth and power. they do not necessarily not fit into what you seem to be describing as a “final state” of human relations. the night is young, as they say.
Comment by elputomikea on October 19th, 2007 at 11:39 am:
My fellow anti-commie,
While you might only care about our host’s point of view, here’s the short version of this serious counterpart to my apparently ridiculous previous post i’ve just accidentally erased, for your reading pleasure.
As suggested by that previous post, i regard any instance of workers self-management as priceless. I’m not saying that you don’t, but it seems to me you overlook a couple of crucial elements: first, the insiders’ perspective.
Hence my previous questions. Due to my young age, I have a relatively limited experience of working but have nevertheless waged enough time to know that hierarchy at work is very often illegitimate, useless, unefficient and always psychologically damaging. Not even talking about justice. You hinted at the fact that you were “at work” in your previous post, so i assume you know about this and would incidentally certainly agree with me on this. Otherwise you’re very lucky with your job and bosses. Workers self-management in a hotel in Argentina might indeed not lead to global revolution, but i’m pretty much sure that people who work there find the experience priceless, despite all the trouble.
From a strategic point of view, my belief is that these instances of anticapitalism-in-practice are just as important ideologically as they are for the workers. We’re fighting an ideological war, and while, to be honnest, i’m not as technically at ease with all the theories of revolution as you seem to be, it appears to me that any instance of self-management actually working -and apparently here, quiet efficiently- is a stone to be added to our edifice. Most people in the first world share the belief engraved in stone that capitalism is far from perfect, but that it’s the only system that more or less works; i think it thus of crucial importance to be able to tell people that alternatives exist, and do work. No need to lecture you about propaganda by the deed….
Now from this point, you would probably counter-argue that this is still capitalism anyways (debatable), but what is to be done while waiting for the Great Eve? And, most importantly, how d’you bring about the Great Eve? While i totally agree with you on the ends, given the the societal and ideological contexts of the time, i can’t think of any tactic that matches the strategical efficiency in the struggle to bring about large-scale radical social change than to try to put things in practice and tell the world about it. You suggest general strike maybe? i don’t know where you’re from, but here in france i don’t see it happen in the 21rst century. Can only fantasize about a global one. What else…avant-garde direct action? Fine with me, but not so popular among my fellow citizens, and probably a bit counter-productive given the global ideological context of instrumentalized fear of any kind of terrorism.
Whadyathink?
Comment by elputomikea on October 19th, 2007 at 11:47 am:
shit! i meant “my fellow anti-state commie”! the “unconscious” speaks!probably spent too much time with anarchist spaniards!…or heard too many Taaang! bands!…
Comment by antistatecommie on October 20th, 2007 at 1:36 am:
Chris: I don’t have enough time at the moment for an extended response, but for now, why don’t you read “To Work Or Not To Work. Is That The Question” by Dauve at
I will say this though. Just because the class struggle is at a low point does not mean one should abandon a total critique of capitalism in favor of one that appears more possible. This has always been the foundation of reformism.
elputomikea: as I’ve said above to Chris, take a look at Dauve’s article To Work Or Not To Work. Its is essentially what I am arguing here. It is partly an implicit rejoinder to Theorie Communiste (a revolutionary group based in France), but it’s central theoretical tenants apply to this discussion non the less.
Comment by elputomikea on October 20th, 2007 at 8:38 am:
To be honest, i’ve only just skimmed through the text by Dauvé (i didn’t know this guy before, so thanx for mentioning him by the way, it’s always good to read something new), and i realize the fact that i haven’t read it too carefully is symptomatic of my point: all these theories are very interesting but people are trying to live/survive in the meanwhile. It would seem to me a bourgeois luxury to lecture someone whith a low-paid shitty job and a family to feed about wage-labouring being counter-revolutionary, or self-managed work being self-exploitation. People are just trying to live, they strive for having it better, and most people don’t have the luxury to think about neo-marxism. Most of us here are lucky enough to live in priviledged parts of the world where in many cases minimum social security pensions subsist, but you merely survive with it. Ordinary people NEED to work.
Besides, people do get alienated by capitalism and some eventually of them end up finding satisaction in their alienating jobs, but glorification of work is something not many have advocated here on this blog, as far as i can remember. Very few people i’ve met were enthusiastic about having to slave for 40 or 45 years of their life. Latin idleness? Catholics’ poor work ethic? Dunno!
Now, it seems to me the question isn’t ‘to work or not to work’ (i assume most of us would prefer not having to), given the low level of consciousness of the exploitation that work indeed is among our fellow human earthlings, and the necessity for a majority of us to have a paid job, but what kind of means-providing occupation shall we wannabe ‘anticapitalists’ favour? I cringe at the idea of working for the state, and would rather not be be exploited by someone else but myself. What does Dauvé advice? Texas hold’em poker tournements?
Comment by Chris on October 20th, 2007 at 8:43 am:
antistatecommie: you’re going to have to find time to respond in detail if you’re going to make me spend a half hour of my life sifting through something that long and boring again. i made time. now you make time.
it’s unbelievable to me that the author of an essay entitled “to work or not to work” thinks he can get away without even providing a definition of “work”, let alone doing everything he can to avoid describing how the transition between a world where people work and a world where people don’t work might look.
i particularly liked how he manages to assess the entire worker’s recuperation experience in argentina (and throw into the garbage) in TWO SENTENCES. hey, i’m convinced!
every question i asked you previously still applies. this academic history paper answered none of them.
what are the underlying values of this “critique of capitalism”?
what is “work”, according to this critique?
assuming that work is a bad thing (implicit in the critique), what do we begin to do in this real world to put an end to it?
what happens in its place and what might the consequences be of the change? what might the world (or a society) look like?
is it possible for you to address even one of these for me? i still have no idea what you’re arguing for.
Comment by diddee on October 20th, 2007 at 6:24 pm:
Hahahaha … OMG, I just watched that vid of Rod’s “interpretive dance.” Dude must have been trippin’ balls! SURREAL. Hahahaha……
Speaking of surreal, I’m having a hard time myself ferroting out a meaning from Antistatecommie’s posts.
I *think* he may be talking about the bureaucracy that will could arise from the democratic worker’s councils in Parecon? Or maybe that involvement in any form of organization/society is inherently oppressive?
It sounds like he almost wants some kind of a inidvidualistic quasi hunter-gatherer society where one only has to work when one has to.
I don’t know. But i do think that it in any social framework it is reasonable to except that everyone contributes what they can while still being able to live decent lives. I realize even democractic frameworks can be oppressive, but i don’t think there are any better alternatives..No published lists found.
No trailer is available
Awesome! Needs more plays.
2/25/14 3:16 PM
it wouldn't play :(
7/6/12 5:44 PM
Very beautiful music. This seriously needs more plays. Put a tree in there maybe. :P
2/21/12 4:10 AM
{0} hasn't had any activity yet!
No high scores have been recorded on LBP2 Original Music Sequencer Song:.Rated 4.5/5 based on
3 reviews
3 customer reviews
3/5 stars
Published 11/12/2013 by Will (Saint Augustine, Florida)
Effective giveaway at this price point.
0 out of 0 people found the following review helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes - No
5/5 stars
Published 6/11/2013 by Paula (Kingston, New York)
We are delighted with the promotional Slimline Key Light. The quality of the product is very good. The ordering and product team were excellent. The art work is fabulous. Delivery was even faster than promised. Everyone we handed the gift to immediately put it on their key chain. We will be ordering more in the future.
Published 1/26/2012 by DeAnna (Newark, California)
We are extremely happy with this product. The light works well, and the printing looks great! Dan in Sales and Nicole in the Art Department are a pleasure to work with.
3 reviewsEdmonds Police Blotter, June 20-29
June 20
21900 block Highway 99: A suspect was taken into custody for trespassing, and a search found heroin located on his person.
8500 block 186th Street Southwest: The complainant reported an identity theft that led to a fraudulent tax filing.
22400 block Highway 99: A male subject was arrested for two confirmed misdemeanor warrants, theft and vehicle prowling, issued by the Lynnwood Police Department.
June 21
400 block Main Street: An adult female witnessed an unknown suspect break a light bulb outside a local business.
23632 Highway 99: Two suspects stole food from the Dollar Tree and fled the scene after being confronted.
June 22
7300 block 215th Street Southwest: Officers were dispatched to a possible attempted vehicle theft, and took the driver of a suspicious vehicle nearby into custody.
June 23
9600 block Laurel Lane: The victim reported an electric motor had been stolen off a boat parked in the driveway.
9300 block 232nd Street Southwest: The victim reported dirt and car parts had been placed in an unlocked vehicle.
8400 block 196th Street Southwest: The victim reported two firearms had been stolen out of his vehicle while staying at a friend’s house the night before.
600 block Maple Street: The complainant reported a person taking off clothes in the street; the subject was located and transported to the hospital for a possible heroin overdose.
June 24
500 block 5th Avenue South: The victim reported a theft of checks that led to forgery.
19300 block 44th Avenue West: A 24-year-old male was arrested on two Edmonds misdemeanor warrants.
1500 block Olympic View Drive: A traffic stop resulted in the arrest of an adult male with felony warrants.
June 25
24111 Highway 99: The complainant reported 14 Goebel Co-Boy figurines have been stolen from a display at Aurora Antique Pavilion.
23632 Highway 99: A male was arrested for shoplifting at Safeway.
June 26
23300 block 75th Avenue West: A grenade was discovered in a residence while cleaning it out, and was removed by the bomb squad.
600 3rd Avenue West: A City of Edmonds park worker found a sparkler bomb in City Park; the bomb was turned over to the joint agency bomb squad.
22201 block Highway 99: A woman abandoned a 2-year old child in a motel room to go to a medical appointment. Child Protective Services was called to the scene.
June 27
8500 block 207th Street Southwest: A juvenile runaway with a warrant was arrested upon returning home and booked into the Denny Youth Center.
71 Main Street: An unknown suspect shine a blue laser light at the captain of the Washington State Ferry while he was operating the vessel.
June 28
10500 block 243rd Place Southwest: The complainant reported a smashed window and stolen briefcase from the backseat of a vehicle.
19800 block 81st Place West: The victim reported a credit card was used fraudulently at three locations.
June 29
21100 block 76th Avenue West: A suspect was contacted after a suspicious person call and was found to have a felony warrant.
— Compiled by Caitlin Plummer
Loud boom in edmonds at 5:30am wednesday morning?Welcome to your Quickstart Training! Shortly we'll have our first phone call together but there is plenty you can do in the meantime to speed up your progress. What you'll find below is a step-by-step Video Training Series that we've prepared for you. There are five videos to watch in all, beginning with an in-depth look at eBay and the massive opportunity that awaits you there.
Next you'll follow along as we help you open three necessary accounts, including your eBay account. The final video in this series is a fun exercise that will prepare you to make your first sales on eBay. With a worksheet in hand you'll identify several items from around your home that you can sell under our guidance.
Get started by watching the first video below. Then, as you have time, continue through the rest. Completing them before our first call will give you a huge advantage and let you focus on launching your eBay business without delay.
In the next video, we'll walk you through the process of opening your free business email account. We'll show you, step-by-step exactly how it's done and you'll learn why choosing the right email address can be important for your business.
Now you're ready to open your eBay Account. In this video you'll learn how. Opening your eBay Account is relatively easy to do but there is one key part of this process that can have an effect on your future sales. We'll make sure you do it just right.
You're now ready to open your PayPal account. You'll be using this free account to get paid by your customers. Follow along as we teach you which type of account is best for you and how to set it up... it only takes a few minutes.
At the end of this next exercise you'll have a list of items that you'll ultimately sell on eBay, under our expert guidance. Here we'll talk about what type of products sell best on eBay and you'll explore your home in search of items you can sell on eBay - not just to make a few bucks but for the learning experience. To begin, print the worksheet below titled "Your eBay List"!
Your eBay ListTwo Gardner residents last week were indicted on federal drug trafficking and money laundering.
Gregory Rapp, 30 of Gardner, is charged with one county of conspiracy to distribute marijuana, one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering and 10 counts of money laundering.
Denise Hurla, 50 of Gardner, is charged with one count of conspiracy to distribute marijuana. Three others were also charged in the 12-count indictment.
The federal indictment alleges that the traffickers laundered more than $200,000 in cash from the sale of marijuana by depositing the money into slot machines and cashing out without playing.
The investigation began when the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission contacted the Kansas Bureau of Investigation about suspicious activity at the Hollywood Casino in Kansas City, Kan.
Investigators observed Rapp and others depositing large sums of money in small denominations in slot machines throughout the casino. They did not play the machines or wager any money. The cashed out without playing and received a ticket voucher for the amount deposited into the slot machines.
They cashed the tickets throughout the casino at automated teller machines and received the value of the tickets in larger denominations.
In November 2013, investigators determined Rapp had not claimed any Kansas earnings or wages since the third quarter of 2011, when he said he was employed at a Jiffy Lube in Overland Park, Kan. Beginning in January 2014 investigators working undercover bought more than two pounds of marijuana from the traffickers.
In February 2014, one of the traffickers showed an undercover officer how to launder drug proceeds though slot machines using $18,000 in KBI evidence buy funds.
If convicted, the defendants face a maximum penalty of five years in federal prison and a fine up to $250,000 on each count.
The Johnson County Sheriff’s Office, the Kansas Bureau of Investigation and the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission investigated. Special Assistant U.S. Attorney Erin Tomasic is prosecuting.
Speak Your MindArtsFest draws crowd
Review Photo/James loewenstein Mark Panty of Etters, Pa., shows some of the trivets he was selling Sunday at ArtsFest.
Review Photo/James loewenstein Ocean Hobbie of Sayre and JayLee Kinson of Athens Township pet one of horses that gave wagon rides Sunday at ArtsFest.
ATHENS - At the 13th Annual Artsfest last weekend, there was a chess champion who played all comers and who in the past had played Bobby Fisher, according to the committee that organizes ArtsFest.
Alex Dunne, 70, of Sayre had won the Pennsylvania state chess championship in the late 1980s in a tournament sponsored by the United States Chess Federation, and he set up a table for his matches Sunday outside the Harlan Rowe Junior High School in Athens, where the two-day festival was held.
At the festival, Dunne won all 16 matches that he played on Saturday and all 18 that he played on Sunday.
"It's a way to help develop chess in the area," Dunne said about his participation in the festival. People enjoy watching the spectacle of the matches, he added.
Dunne said he didn't get tired from playing chess for four hours on Sunday at ArtsFest. "It's a great game," he explained.
Dunne's chess matches were one of the many attractions at this year's ArtsFest, which featured four stages on which music groups and other live entertainment performed simultaneously, 140 to 150 artisans selling their wares, a variety of food vendors, kids' games, a petting zoo, a Chinese auction, horse-drawn wagon rides, informational booths manned by community groups, and much more.
There was a record attendance of over 35,000 people at the festival this year, which took place Saturday and Sunday, organizers said.
District pottery teacher Dave Webster, who had founded the festival, attributed the large attendance to good weather, the continual growth in the offerings at the festival, work of mouth spreading about the festival, and increased advertising.
"A lot of people (food and crafts vendors) sold out and had to leave (the festival) early," due to the high attendance, said Bill Crouse, a member of the committee that organizes ArtsFest.
Mark Panty of Etters, Pa., said he sold 80 percent of the nearly 400 handcrafted trivets that he had brought to the festival, in which dried botanical materials - such as flowers, banana slices, and orange slices - are encased in clear, durable plastic.
"I do the 40 largest craft shows on the east coast and this (ArtsFest) ranks right up there" in terms of the amount of goods that a vendor can sell and the quality of staff that organizes the festival, he said.
"We are really happy with the quality of artisans that are here," said Webster, who is the director of the festival. "Their work is top-notch."
Artisans and crafts vendors have to go through a jury selection process where their work must be reviewed and approved by a committee before they can sell it at the festival, organizers said.
The large majority of the artisans and crafts vendors at the festival are professionals, and the rest are students.
The Athens Artsfest started off small when it was founded in the late 1990s.
The first year, the festival consisted of an outdoor tent under which Athens School District students operated pottery wheels, a booth where other students sold their art work, and a few professional artisans selling their wares, said Athens School Athens School District art teacher Louella Gilbert.
Gilbert pointed out that the while the festival has expanded over the years, it still contains its "original core," where students operate pottery wheels outdoors and supervise members of the public as they try their hand at a pottery wheel, as well as booths where students sell their art work.
Students also did face-painting at the festival this weekend and worked with the public on a six-foot-tall plaster gauze statue of the Dr. Seuss character Lorax. The process for creating the statue is similar to working with papier-mache, Gilbert said.
James Loewenstein can be reached at (5700.Android News
Gingerbread keyboard ported to Android 2.2 devices (root only)
December 7, 2010 | by Lars Aronsson
Android, Android Apps, Android Hacks
Developers of custom ROMs are already working hard on bringing Android 2.3 to a number of devices, and it’s a safe bet that they’ll deliver the latest Android an awful lot faster than the carriers and smartphone manufacturers.
It may take a few weeks until the first stable Android 2.3 ROMs are released, but those rocking rooted Froyo phones can already enjoy a taste of Gingerbread: its new and improved keyboard. Here’s how to install it. You need a rooted Froyo device and the Voice Search app from the Market to get it running.
Update: Some people are unfortunately experiencing problems after installing the keyboard (see the comments below), and it might be wise to wait until the port is more refined. If you’ve run into trouble, you can head to Droid-Life via the source link at the bottom of this post and check the many comments there for possible solutions.
- Download the compressed .zip-archive containing the keyboard.
- Copy the .zip-file to the root of your memory card.
- Boot into Recovery mode (easiest way to do that is via ROM Manager).
- Select to install the .zip-file from the menu, like you would install a theme, etc.
- Reboot your device and select Android Keyboard as your input method by longpressing on a text area.
- Enjoy your new Gingerbread keyboard!
Via [Droid-Life]
anyone tested this? Will I be able to revert back to the Froyo keyboard if I don't like it?
You'll be able to revert if you backup the froyo keyboard first.
Any details on how to backup just the keyboard?
Easy way: use Titanium. In fact, if you already use Titanium and are running scheduled backups, it may already be backed up. Still not hard way: use Root Explorer or similar to find the .apk file and just rename it (e.g. add .bak at the end of the filename or something like that)
Verification Failed coming when i try to install this. Have tried and downloaded the file manytimes with same result. ? system/app_store_Latin_IME.orig.apk E:Verification failed Installation aborted
Turn off signature verification from the recovery mode menu. I have to do it all the time when flashing ROMs.
Works great on my HTC Hero running elelinux ROM. But is there a possibility to change the language? Really like the keyboard but I need German…
How long did your phone take to reboot after installing the update?
It just booted as usual. Did not recognize any delay.
My phone went from a splash screen that read "Droid Incredible" to one that now reads "HTC Incredible." After 20 minutes, my phone has still not started. Bricked?
That's strange and unfortunate. The keyboard shouldn't be able to brick your phone. Did you get your Incredible running again?
i installed this on my htc evo and am stuck on the htc evo 4g screen for well over 10 minutes. I rebooted the phone into recovery mode and tried wiping cache and tried looking up the answer but couldn't find one. Please help…I didn't think I needed to do a backup since I was only flashing a keyboard but looks like I was wrong. I don't know what to do. I don't have any backups to go back too.
Such a nice keyboard. this has replaced SwiftKey.Ups and Downs of FF and FG
Deaglán de Bréadún
The Fine Gael heave was great entertainment, but probably not very enjoyable for those directly involved. Curiously, Enda Kenny has emerged stronger than before and looks more like a plausible taoiseach than at any time since he took over as Opposition leader.
Now Fianna Fail have taken centre-stage. International opinion broadly agrees with what the FF-led government has done on the economy and Brian Cowen’s leadership has been widely praised abroad.
But at home, the punters are flocking to the Labour Party and Fianna Fail is facing a possible meltdown. Where there are two FF deputies in a constituency, the current mood of the electorate suggests there will be only one in the next Dail.
That mood could change but it is clear that some backbenchers are in a bit of a panic. They would clearly like to change the leader but that’s very hard to do when nobody else has expressed an interest in the job.
It’s a difficult time for “the lads” (and lassies). There must be days when some of these TDs wonder why they went into politics in the first place. Is it a drug?
By “international opinion”, you do mean the bond markets, the rating agencies, and a clutch of fiscal conservatives, of course! Totally disinterested opinion there, Lord knows. I mean, who really cares about mass emigration, long dole queues, rotten prisons, crammed classrooms, failing health services, etc. once a country’s capacity to service debt on time is being bolstered?
Anyway, why do you think for a moment that FF’s ongoing malaise has anything to do with their current term in office? Their time is up and nothing that they do – including the disgraceful backsliding on holding a children’s rights referendum during the lifetime of this Dail in order to avoid holding by-elections – is going to stop their day of reckoning from being quite grim.
To paraphrase Roy Keane who are “international opinion”?
I don’t agree at all Deaglán. Kenny may have routed dissent in his party but that is a very far cry from convincing people that he is ready to run the country. Being an old dog for the long road does not mean he should ascend to the highest office in the land.
I know many, many people who would have switched to FG had Bruton won through. Bruton and the other front benchers who weasled their way back to the front bench now have no credibility at all. Especially Bruton. If he didn’t have confidence in Kenny a month ago how the hell can he sit on the front bench.
If there are a series of 3 way debates across RTE and TV3 I can quite easily see Kenny driving urban voters away, especially in Dublin, in their droves. I spend a good bit of time in rural wexford as well and I don’t detect much of a mood shift down there either.
I’m not too sure how much faith you can put in the international praise, there are plenty of bond funds out there that won’t touch Irish debt because the gov. bailed out the banks bond investors. Its all smoke and mirrors for now and kicking the can down the road.
Deaglan “International opinion broadly agrees with what the FF-led government has done on the economy and Brian Cowen’s leadership has been widely praised abroad.” This refers only to the budget cuts and tax increases. It ignores the much more far reaching impact of the government’s banking policy.
As your own paper’s front page this morning makes clear; international opinion (and the EU commission in particular) doesn’t agree with what FF are doing with the economy in regard its bank policies.
That’s a very good question Deaglan. Why did so many of our TDs want to be politicians at all? It would be hard for any member of the Dail to claim they take pride in their legislative performance over the last 13 years. A lot of them seemed to have followed family members (Cowen and Kenny) and others seemed to have been motivated by some urgent local issue. That’s fine insofar as it goes but wouldn’t it be normal to hope a politician might actually aspire to power – to run the country – to do something with that power? Both Cowen (like Ahern before him) and Kenny seem to have no vision of how they’d like to leave Ireland looking when they’re finished and their cabinets and backbenchers are no better.
No, they just wanted to see if they could get their snouts in the trough too.
The amount of money coming in is far below the amount the State is spending. Fiscal measures were and are clearly required. There are issues about the equity with which those measures have been imposed. It is also desirable to have a stimulus package but suggesting that is the complete answer can’t be taken seriously. There were major mistake made in the past. Fianna Fail must obviously take much of the blame but the entire political system was part of the madness. I look forward to the election manifestos next time spelling out exactly what each party will do if it achieves power, not just the nice bits.
I think part of the issue is that some people do not understand the scale of reform of the public sector required to achieve some of the savings outlined in the McCarthy report on public sector numbers & expenditure.
The level of structural reform, merging and demerging and closing down that any sensible business would do (like Jack Welch in GE in the 1970s) will not be brooked here.
The revenues have collapsed and what the government is avoiding is the difficult, technically challenging means by which you address a cost base. I believe the lack of skills in the public sector and in government and opposition in relation to this is what Ed Walsh was referring to yesterday. To those of who consult on these issues (like me) across the public and private sector it is screamingly obvious that structural inefficiencies need to be remedied if the cost base is going to come down sufficiently to meet the revenue line.
Denial is a stronger emotion than love or hate I think.
As denial about their role in creating their mess and the fact none of them offer the solution – not to mention mass denial among the Irish public about their own role in creating the mess – added to denial in the media about its role in failing to hold those in positions of power to account for their decisions.
That’s what keeps the TDs going – because if they were ever to stop and face the reality of what they’ve done …- Image by Joana Roja – healing catching up slowly via Flickr
Many of the things I hear or read from teachers lead me to think they live in a fantasy world.
Today I participated in an hour-long chat via Twitter on the subject of how technology can help build community in the classroom.
The chat was one in the Edchat series of Tuesday chats. Usually upwards of 50 people participate in the chats and the tweets come fast and furious.
I usually just scan them as they roll by on my screen. I respond to a few, but usually just occasionally drop in necessarily terse (there’s a limit of 140 characters per Tweet) comments.
Today’s chat really irritated me and led me to post the comment I used as the first line here.
For an hour I read messages about the advantages of creating communities in classrooms and how tech may or may not help one do so.
For an hour I read idyllic comments about creating learning communities in which everyone teaches and everyone learns, and other ideal situations.
It was like watching the teacher version of a Disney movie in snippets of text.
Well, I am going to be the evil witch.
You cannot create communities in which all learn and teach in a classroom.
You can create a situation in which the students learn and teach, and the teacher learns while teaching, but they are not members of the same community.
As my friend and self-described “big goober” William Chamberlain pointed out, communities are created around similarities.
Let’s examine the similarities between teachers and students:
Teachers spend all day in a classroom.
Students spend all day in a classroom.
Teachers are paid to be in the classroom.
Students are required to be there.
Teachers have authority in the classroom
Students are subject to that authority.
Teachers determine the décor of the classroom.
Students’ completed work is part of the décor.
Teachers specify the procedures in classroom.
Students have to follow those procedures.
Teachers determine the activities of the class.
Students have to perform the activities.
There’s not much similarity or common interest, is there?
Instead of spending an hour dreaming, thake the time to think about the power dynamics in your classroom.
William Chamberlain again: “Forcing students to work together when they don’t want to is like hitting your head on the wall. It feels good when you stop.”
Think about the idea that your students are aware that the idea and demand for community is coming from the only person in the room with any power.
When that happens, community becomes a requirement.
Required community doesn’t sound very good, does it?
I missed #edchat today, so I’ll have to read the archive later. I like the side-by-side comparison above. Community cannot be achieved via requirements. BUT, can we not promote and create community in our classroom, at least among our students. And I don’t mean one centered around hating school, the teacher, etc., but one where they actually enjoy being and learning together. Or is this just my idealism.
On an unrelated note, like how I started each of those last three sentences with a different one of the big 3 conjunctions?
Felt the same Deven, turned off the sickly sweet.
In the same series today, I asked about the curious, unexamined, ‘normal’ conversion of noun-to-verb’ as in teach-teaching and student-…?? what? ‘Studenting’? No, no, no… student does ‘the learning’, teacher does ‘the teaching’ (included decor selection & all :D ) and unless we ponder these with brutal honesty to see where, how, when and why they fit or not, it’s all edchat that does bugger all.
Cheers
Just have to say that you never disappoint me in taking the click from the email to the post. :-)
My take is that we have to talk about teams, not communities. Communities are where we live. Kids smell the bullshit of a “required” community faster than anyone. Their detectors have been finely honed as they figure out sex, drugs, rock n roll.
A team on the other hand is what they natively understand. Lots of teacher talk is kumbaya. Meanwhile kids luv Project Runway, American Idol. It’s the joy of victory and the agony of defeat. Yes, Virginia, there is competition and most everyone loves it.
The opportunities of team is that they correspond to the realities in the classroom. The teacher is the manager. The best hitters are put in the clean up position. Everyone has to play by the rules.
The other night I was watching Anthony Bourdain. Macho, competitive, empathic, looking at geography and history through the lens of food. But totally competitive, snarky, sometimes funny. That’s real life. Kumbaya? Every once in a while. But that’s for real friends and family. Not really suited for a classroom above 6th grade.
“Students are required to be there.”
But their attendance suffers when they don’t feel safe, emotionally and physically.
“There’s not much similarity or common interest, is there?”
Do all people not have the same basic needs? All people, regardless of age, want to feel capable, contributing, and connected. Besides, I’ve been a part of many different groups (jobs, classes, etc.)where people had different opinions and beliefs. Later in life our students will need the skills of being respectful and trustworthy in a group, regardless of whether or not they agree or like all of the group members.
You make quite a few generalizations about the dynamics between students and teachers. I have to contend that, in some cases, you’re right. However, this is not always the case. It’s not just a lofty ideal. I think it’s a difference in opinions on the definition of community.
There is a huge difference between being a member of a group and being a member of a community. I am talking only about community.
Of course all people want to feel capable, contributing and connected; but that alone does not make community.
Communities can and do include people of different backgrounds, different beliefs, different opinions and a host of other differences, and it is essential that people interact with ease and honor, but that does not make community.
Everything above is part of community, but community also requires the ability to participate in decisions at the same, or very similar, level of everyone else in the community. That is not the situation for students in a classroom, and also usually not the situation of teachers in a school, or of principals in a larger school system.
Classrooms, schools and school districts are just that, system, in many ways analogous to our solar system, for example, as they all rotate around a central power source of some kind. Not even the most idyllic dreamer among us would call the solar system a community.
What you said about students working together struck a chord with me. Groupwork didn’t really exist when I was at school. After a gap-decade I discovered that the only people who liked groupwork at university were those who were absolutely useless or bone idle.
And now, if I really want to practice my negotiating skills, I give group projects to the kids in my class. Then I’m guaranteed stress over unjust marking, denunciation of team colleagues and class teacher demanding to know how I came up with my marks. Having said all that, I still do at least two groupwork projects each semester.
You are right of course – kids much prefer to be judged on their own performance.
I also have problems with this “let’s go on a learning adventure together” approach to teaching. It doesn’t have to be a bad thing, but I mostly see it being used by weaker teachers as a way of ducking their responsibilities.
When it comes to using technology (social media) to promote learning, I see it more as a mass of individuals taking advantage of a service rather than any discernible group dynamics. I do believe, however, that it could be a really useful teaching aid and a way of adding value to the learning experience. I’m running a pilot scheme at the moment with Facebook and hope to be able to draw some conclusions before the summer.
I believe there could be big benefits from social media, but I think it may not be in the way that proponents are currently claiming.
Thanks for your usual stimulating post.
Olaf
(Btw. In Germany, it’s often the kids who set the decor for the classroom – result: a youth club with very little to do with a learning environment. For some reason the teachers here think the kids should feel at home. I’d prefer them to feel as if they are in a school.)
Regarding your first sentence: Yep, they do, especially if they’ve had little exposure to life outside the education system. For those of us with feet in both real and the fantastic, our task is to jar them up once in awhile, let them know that while their lofty ideals may play out well in isolated circumstances, as a rule it’s best to be able to take a more pedestrian approach. You do a terrific job with that here.
For me one positive affirmation did arise from yesterday’s #edchat. Often teachers bring their students to the lab to “do computers.” Some come with very scripted activities and require students to work in virtual silence. Others come with a more loose approach and let the students make more choices within a given assignment. This second model allows for students to interact with each other and can sometimes get a bit noisy. I used to think noisy meant non-productive until one day last week when I actually listened what the students were saying. What I found was they were teaching and learning from each other in the ways being promoted in yesterday’s chat. It wasn’t the teacher who prescibed this communal learning, but the environment that fostered its formation.
As a parent, I have to agree with you. Also as a parent, I wish that more teachers made a point of thinking of parents as members of the community. I get turned off when I hear teachers go on and on about how they need our help, but whenever we start expressing our own ideas and opinions, we’re seen as problem parents.
But I do like the idea of teachers creating a team-like atmosphere in the classroom, and have seen success in that.TAMPA
Had the Bucs not been able to trade WR Mike Williams to the Bills, it's a certainty they would've released him before Monday, the first day of the club's offseason workout program.
Coach Lovie Smith puts an emphasis on character when evaluating players. And even before the stabbing incident in which Williams was a victim, although not blameless, the decision had been made to attempt to deal the No. 2 receiver.
The feeling at One Buc Place is that Williams is a good, not great, receiver. He lacks the speed to threaten a defense vertically. He has exceptional hands and can be effective running back-shoulder routes, fades and slants. But he's not a game-breaker, and the talent didn't outweigh the trouble.
The other option would've been to string Williams along and hope another team had a rash of injuries at receiver. But even in that scenario, it's unlikely, given Williams' spate of off-field trouble, the team could've received more than a fifth-round pick, and Tampa Bay needs the extra selection in May, not 2015.
That said, it's fair to say the team's biggest need might be a receiver to jump-start the offense.
It's also the direction the club could decide to go with the No. 7 overall pick.
Vincent Jackson, 31, has been remarkably consistent since joining the team as a free agent in 2012, averaging 75 catches for 1,304 yards and 7.5 touchdowns a season. It's even more impressive when you consider he had a rookie quarterback throwing to him for 13 games last year and Williams missed 12 games with a hamstring injury.
But after Jackson, the cupboard is bare. Louis Murphy (26), Cris Owusu (24), Eric Page (22), Russell Shepard (23) and Tommy Streeter (25) will compete but don't look like an upgrade from Williams. The team worked out Titans WR Lavelle Hawkins and was finalizing a deal with him today.
Fortunately for the Bucs, the NFL draft is loaded with elite receiver talent as deep as the third round.
The names at the top of the draft are Clemson's Sammy Watkins and Texas A&M's Mike Evans.
Watkins (6 feet 1, 205 pounds) most likely will be gone before the Bucs make their first selection, but if he's there, it'd be a great fit. The team needs someone who can take the top off the defense, and Watkins' playmaking ability might be second to none in the draft.
"I think I can run by just about anybody," Watkins said at the combine in February. ."
Evans, 6-5, 225 pounds, is a former basketball player with flypaper hands and runs a 4.5-second 40-yard dash. Because of his rare combination of size and speed, some teams might have him rated higher than Watkins, and Evans is definitely a candidate to be a top-10 pick.
"Yeah, you know I get a lot of Vincent Jackson comparisons, and that's a great comparison," Evans said. "But I think Brandon Marshall. He's vicious after the catch: big, physical guy, can go up and get it, blocks real well. So I've modeled my game after him since high school."
It's interesting Evans mentioned Marshall, because that's a receiver Smith had success with when he coached Chicago. In fact, Smith doubled down on big, fast receivers when the Bears drafted South Carolina's Alshon Jeffery in 2012. Last season, he had 89 catches for 1,421 yards and seven touchdowns.
Throwing to big bookends enabled QB Josh McCown to be effective last season in Chicago, passing for 13 touchdowns and only one interception in eight games.
But remember, the Bucs are a 4-12 team undergoing a talent makeover.
Since Williams was never going to be on this team in the first place, his departure doesn't change the Bucs' plan to take the best available player at No. 7 or attempt to trade down to acquire more picks to fill holes at not only receiver but offensive guard, defensive end and linebacker.
WRIGHT STUFF: The signing of Bears free agent S Major Wright on Friday should not be considered a precursor to the Bucs unloading S Dashon Goldson. Although you could argue he's overvalued at $9 million per year, his base salary of $6 million is fully guaranteed. Furthermore, the team believes he can produce more than he did last season now that he will be in Smith's defense.Role Reversal—AD Mouse Desperately Seeks CatB
Quick Links
Tools
- Add to my Library
- Follow Comments
- With annotations Without annotations
A cat might be the last thing a sickly AD mouse needs, particularly if it is CatB (cathepsin B), a papain-family lysosomal cysteine protease suspected of contributing to the production of amyloid-β (Aβ). But in an ironic twist, a new paper reveals an entirely different CatB/mouse relationship. Li Gan and colleagues at the Gladstone Institute of Neurological Disease and the University of California at San Francisco report that CatB not only degrades soluble Aβ, but attacks fibrillar forms as well, a rare talent among the proteases that might clear Aβ in vivo. The work appears in this week’s Neuron.
The original idea that cathepsin B (CatB) might be a secretase stems from its location in endosomes and lysosomes where Aβ is produced. In addition, CatB has been found in enlarged endosomes and neuritic amyloid plaques in AD brain. To test the secretase hypothesis, first author Sarah Mueller-Steiner and colleagues crossed their human APP mouse with CatB knockouts (see ARF related news story). If CatB were a secretase, they reasoned, the hAPP/CatB-/- mice should have fewer plaques than their cathepsin-replete littermates. Instead, the researchers found the precise opposite—young mice lacking CatB displayed more, not fewer, amyloid plaques in their hippocampus and cortex. The increased plaque load was accompanied by a small increase in total Aβ and Aβ1-42 levels which did not reach statistical significance. However, the relative ratio of Aβ1-42 compared to total Aβ was significantly elevated. The mice also had increased neuropathology, as indicated by decreased staining for the synaptic calcium binding protein calbindin: the same group previously showed that calbindin loss correlates tightly with cognitive decline in this strain of mice (see ARF related news story). When the authors suppressed CatB in cultured primary mouse neurons, they found that levels of both Aβ1-42 and total Aβ increased, while boosting the protease had the opposite effect. No effect was seen on APP processing, suggesting that CatB influenced Aβ degradation.
Cathepsin B has been reported to localize to plaques (reviewed in Nixon and Cataldo, 2006), so the researchers looked for the enzyme in the brains of hAPP mice. They found that in older hAPP mice, cathepsin was associated with 20 percent of all plaques and 70 percent of mature neuritic plaques, which contained fibrillar Aβ, as indicated by thioflavin S staining. In younger mice, most plaques, both diffuse and neuritic, were cathepsin-positive. They also found the enzyme in both neurons and activated glia surrounding the plaques, and that all three cell types—neurons, astrocytes and microglial cells—secreted the enzyme in culture. In neurons, CatB localized to the lysosomal/endosomal compartment.
Could induction of CatB represent a protective mechanism against Aβ toxicity? Aβ1-42 induces CatB mRNA in microglia (Gan et al., 2004), and when the authors added Aβ1-42 to N2A neuronal cells in culture, they also observed an increase in CatB mRNA and activity. Aβ1-40, however, had no effect on neuronal CatB unless it was pre-aggregated. Consistent with these in vitro results, the investigators observed higher CatB activity in the hippocampus of young and middle-aged hAPP mice. This induction might fail with aging, as they did not see upregulation of CatB in older hAPP mice. Their results are consistent with the idea that defects in Aβ clearance with aging might underlie amyloid accumulation.
In vitro studies showed that CatB clips Aβ1-42 at its C-terminus, leaving the less amyloidogenic, and therefore less toxic, Aβ1-40, Aβ1-38, and Aβ1-33 peptides as products. The enzyme appeared to cleave Aβ1-42 sequentially, first to Aβ1-40, then to Aβ1-38. Higher concentrations of enzyme yielded Aβ1-33, but did not completely degrade the peptide. Interestingly, CatB also cleaved aggregated Aβ into less fibrillogenic species, eliminating the high molecular mass assemblies that are detected on polyacrylamide gels. Cleavage by CatB was higher at pH 6, the conditions inside lysosomes where it might encounter Aβ. But the enzyme also degraded Aβ at pH 7, suggesting it could work outside cells as well.
To ask the all-important question of whether CatB can reduce established plaques in hAPP mice, the researchers used lentiviral vectors to express the enzyme in the brains of 12-15-month-old hAPP mice. After 3 weeks, they detected a boost in CatB activity, and reduction in plaques. CatB was as effective at reducing plaques as a neprilysin construct introduced in the same way, and was more effective than neprilysin at removing thioflavin S-positive plaques, suggesting its superior ability to remove aggregated Aβ. Recently, matrix metalloprotease 9 was also shown to degrade Aβ fibrils in vitro (Yan et al., 2006); this capacity is not shared by Aβ degraders—insulin-degrading enzyme, neprilysin, and plasmin.
In an accompanying commentary, Greg Cole and Sally Frautschy of the University of California at Los Angeles write that the identification of a major protease responsible for intracellular and extracellular clearance of Aβ assemblies is full of promise, and they discuss the possibility of using this information to therapeutic advantage. “For example, the authors observed that microglia secrete abundant CatB. This may be regulated by their activation state, which, for example, can be upregulated by the amyloid vaccine or anti-amyloid antibodies, currently one of the most effective methods of reducing preformed thioflavin S-labeled amyloid plaques,” they write. But they also caution that CatB might contribute to neurotoxic effects of microglia. The first step must be finding out if CatB plays a similar role in humans as it does in the mouse.—Pat McCaffrey
Make a Comment. PubMed. Feb 13;279(7):5565-72. PubMed.
Kingham PJ, Pocock JM. Microglial secreted cathepsin B induces neuronal apoptosis. J Neurochem. 2001 Mar;76(5):1475-84... Apr;81(2):237-56. PubMed.View all comments by Greg HookSee,. The latter in particular are things with which you do not want to make contact, and a LRFP (Low-Riding Filth Prophylactic) such as the one below will only offer you minimal protection:
But while Bike Month is billed as "a month of cycling celebration," nothing could be further from the truth. If you commute by bicycle here in New York City, bike month is actually an intense competition. Now that the weather's warm and dry, the streets are full of commuters who are united by one goal: to ride faster than other commuters. Even if you're not competitive yourself, you can probably appreciate the beauty of competition now and again. Whether it's cycling, or running, or boxing, or even sailing, there's something about watching evenly-matched and similarly-equipped rivals striving to triumph over one-another that speaks directly to the human spirit. Conversely, there's something pathetic and absurd about watching completely mismatched rivals with totally different equipment trying to race one-another, which is what commuting in New York City is like, and I was unfortunate enough to witness a particularly egregious example of this yesterday evening:
Yes, that is indeed a guy on Rollerblades attempting to get on the wheel of a guy riding a three speed and wearing a beret. You'll notice the guy in the beret is also out of the saddle and doing his best to drop the Rollerblader and get on terms with a second group of commuters further up the road:
Witnessing a struggle like this is slightly less awe-inspiring than watching a bunny rabbit and a chinchilla racing to be first to the water bottle. It actually made the race between the guy on the Trek road bike (complete with filth prophylactic) and the guy with the step-through Schwinn fixed-gear conversion and the Promenade bars I had observed moments before seem "epic" in comparison. Actually, I think they comprised the breakaway group that beret guy was trying to catch.
Generally speaking, I don't engage in competition when I commute. (I don't really engage in competition when I race, either--there's nothing particularly competitive about clinging tenuously to the back of the pack.) However, that does not stop other commuters from competing with me. For example, there's an unwritten rule among New York City bike commuters, and it applies to all riders, regardless of age, fitness, or style of bicycle. This rule is as follows:
If you stop at a red light and there is already another cyclist waiting at it, you must stop your bicycle in front of the rider who is already there.
As far as I know, I am the only cyclist in New York who does not observe this rule, because. I observed this shoaling effect once again just this morning, as you can see here:
Mind you, I was the first rider at this light. Note that the guy on the hybrid, the guy on the Raleigh, and the messenger have passed me, rolled through the crosswalk, and lined up in front of one-another in eager anticipation of the light change. As I snapped the photo, they were joined by some schlub on a skateboard carrying an envelope, and shortly after he arrived came a woman with a flowery scarf:
You'll see the schlub on the skateboard went immediately to the front of the group. (Perhaps he had a bunch of points in the New York City stoplight race series and got a call-up, but if he did I didn't hear it.) Unfortunately for scarf woman, before she was able to get in front of him, the light changed. And they're off!
I haven't seen a start this explosive since the Cyclocross World Championships in Hoogerheide. I think the messenger got the holeshot, though the schlub on the skateboard with the envelope may have been skitching off him. As for me, I couldn't stay with scarf woman, so a gap opened immediately. I may have lost the race, but I like to think I preserved some dignity.
But when it comes to absurd competitions completely bereft of dignity, New York City bicycle commuting can't come close to fixed-gear freestyling. I was visiting Trackosaurusrex recently when I saw this video of a fixed-gear freestyle competition, which makes yesterday evening's Rollerblade-vs-beret race look like Andy Hampsten on the Gavia Pass in 1988:
Basically, these guys just ride around in circles, lifting their front wheels occasionally. Amazingly, there are actually people who have gathered to watch this, and they golf-clap appreciatively whenever someone fails to land yet another "trick." Since I can't possibly imagine anybody would go out of their way to watch this, my guess is that this group of people assembles regularly at this parking lot regardless of what's going on--they probably stand there during the week too and golf-clap when someone manages to get out of his Ford Focus without spilling his Starbucks. For me though, by far the most exciting moment was when some guy in a tie-dye shirt ran through the shot:
Yes, while fixed-gear freestyling continues to grow in popularity, it's hard to say whether the "sport" is actually evolving or just getting long in the chainring tooth. Not only is the wardrobe, pacing, and crowd reaction growing increasingly golf-like, but the participants are beginning to experience repetitive motion injuries as well. After watching the above video, I headed over to fixed-gear freestyle impresario Prolly's blog to see if I could find anything better, and I was concerned to read this:
143 comments:
Yes!
put me in pink!
podium!
Get offa my cloud!
A
damn
It's not how high you place, but how much you can write.
My drinking led to my cocaine uptake, which led to my finish position.
Chicken grease
Levi, stalking the front runners
top ten
Check IT. Are you thong fit?
ant1st!
In NYC, the PSA should read, "Fenders..You're Lucky If It's Just Urine"
Roller blades only make sense if you hang a mirror ball in front of your head and load up the BeeGees on your iPod.
Packfill
damn you guys are fast today
then again, I stopped for lunch...
"Until they come out with a helmet that makes you smarter helmets can only do so much."
Priceless!
vehemehnce! Great post snob.
Thank god for the bikesnob.
Boy oh boy is he right about the red light B.S. and the fact that everyone thinks that if you are on two wheels you are trying to race them... Was frustrating, but now it is funny.
was that video played in reverse? i can't really tell, people were riding backwards most of the time. crazy, just crazy. almost as exciting as watching a senior citizen's shuffleboard tournament...
Fenders:
Why the fuck not, asshole!
"As for me, I couldn't stay with scarf woman..." Snob, sorry to hear about your divorce.
Boonen's problem is not that he's a sloppy drunk...
It's this...
E E D E E D
1|-----------------------------------
2|-----------------------------------
3|--9---9---7---9-----(9)---7--------
4|--9---9---7---9-----(9)---7--------
5|--7---7---5---7-----(7)---5--------
6|-----------------------------------
I just went back and watched the video. I had to stop about 1 minute in due to the lameness of it. As BSNYC has pointed out in a previous post, how can anybody think that's cool after viewing that Danny Macaskill video? I thought "vehemehnce" was clever, but now I understand it's deeper meaning.
I refuse to pull in front of others at a red light, but I do pull even with them. Not so much a bike shoal as a bike sand bar.
"Basically, these guys just ride around in circles, lifting their front wheels occasionally"
genius.
spot on regarding the bike lane time trial... every day this happens ... schmucks in their biggest ring/gear possible pass me, stop at light, i catch up, they take off, repeat until i get home. oh, and panniers on bridges. i think it's another subject you should approach BS.... i feel they should have to hang a sign stating "wide load."
Huh. Thanks, Snobby. I thought it was just cause I'm a girl that every cyclist needed to get in front of me at red lights, but now I know I'm not alone- unless you've still been wearing that skirt and heels around.
I like to let them start in front of me at the intersection and then ride right behind them coasting with my freewheel making a very loud sound. In mind mind I like to think it makes them a bit nervous, but in reality they all probably have headphones on anyways.
Thank you for this post, and particularly that singular "paparazzo."
Next time someone offers me a panini or a biscotti I'm going to strangle myself. With a spaghetto.
Snob, your PSA will probably fail. There's too many folks riding around who would actually want to ride through big urine puddles with no fenders.
I won't watch the video. I get in trouble if I fall asleep at work.
got caught behind a whole bunch of fixters serpentining their way down the manhattan bridge this morning, which brings me to my rant of the day....some of us (admittedly very few) go east (right) off the bridge,....they all stopped and posed at the exit to the bridge sense their light was red.
"On a busy day, this accumulation results in sort of a shoal of cyclists which juts out into the middle of the street like a sandbar of idiocy."
And the river's features welcome the bike salmon to their spawning grounds... which makes fenders mandatory.
Woot! Woot!
I love the indignity posts. It does my heart good to know someone had the exact same commute as me even though they're 791.50 miles away.
seems to me the Vans would be like a steel-toe boot compared to the damn flip-flops people insist on wearing.
Shoal of idiocy!! So you are into SAILING?
Oh yeah:
Andy Hampsten had notoriously bad bowels due to his penchant for white bread.
A
I'd hate to roller blade or skateboard through some questionable liquids and have to clean those wheels. Ugh.
BTW, that douche on the sk8bored in the "bike shoal" needs to be pushed into the next urine puddle.
Yesterday, as I was cruising easterly on Bleecker in or near the green bike lane, I had to dodge 3 salmon - one of them a skater - in the space of 1 block. Finally I sat up and said to the last one, "Why are you going the wrong #$@&-ing way!"
um, that word is since. that's what i get for foffing off at the mouth. i'm with you, test tickle. that sounds weird. Hey! Anquetil's mother! Nice to see people back today
the salmon (when not delivery guys) always seem to be the people with the least amount of bike handling skills possible without falling over, the ones shaking their handlebars back and forth unnervingly...except for the guy on 2nd ave yesterday whom I am almost one hundred percent sure was in the midst of a good heroin nod.
belt-wearers, all of 'em.
Someone tell those 'freestylers' that Woody Itson, ca. 1983, wants his 'tricks' back!
it's perfect that the skateboarder's a god damned mongo...
pepel piss aint got shit on no cow piss and shit i wint on a mountin (not that kind) yes i lerned to use hyphies for punkshewatching what you think i is IGNERNANT!!1!) bike riding with my new man gordy and there was hores shit and cow pattys on the road trail and i gots some in my teeth it was disgrusting
thers no way i put those fenners on my iron horse and look like tammy that retard girl some things aint that bad but in new yark they paroblably got aids or swine flew in the piss so i guess maybe
btw, I've thought of the next component for Snob to start advocating: kickstands.
Yes, the kickstand--useful, lightweight, inconspicuous--was just the first of all these other components we've removed in the name of cool: gears, lights, fenders, etc, the latest and dumbest being brakes.
liz.
i only wear flip flops to show off the toe knuckle tattoos that i rock while foffing the occasional wheelie on my fixie. please don't judge me. toe knuckle tats are the new, or at least extended, knuckle tats.
thanks
check out how may peds are just hanging out in the bike lane in the shot of the flowery scarf girl putting the hammer down
many
Shram,
Was on a 3 day tour with a group of friends last fall and one of them showed up with a kickstand. We all mocked and pointed, but, by day 3 of having to constantly look for someplace to lean or pick up from, we weren't laughing nearly as much. I wouldn't have it on most of my bikes, but will get one before the next tour. (I did have fenders, though)
One of the guys behind the camera say something to the effect of "he's so smooth". I didn't realize freestylers had started shaving their legs like roadies.
Great PSA, I assume that stands for Pee Slick Avoidance? I generally pull up behind the pack unless someone in front scares me like the guy who almost took out three other riders trying to clip in. I pulled ahead of him in the line and was rolling before he realized the light changed. I'm thinking folks like him should be riding with 'training clips' and not take them off until they can clip in without wobbling across an entire lane.
CriticalAss,
Clapton? I'm playing the notes in my head, sans guitar since they only let me bring my tuba into work, and thinking it's a match....
Boonen's problem is that he apparently didn't see Jan Ullrich's PSA, er The Jan Ullrich Story.
this is the way the blog ends. this is the way the blog ends...
speedwobble:
toe knuckle tats = HAWT.
are they hard to read through the knuckle hair?
So true yet so sad! Something about those street light gatherings, I can stop myself from trying to get ahead..
C. Ass - JJ Cale?
What's funny is when some overcompetitive schlub pulls in front of you at a light only to find him/herself in the puddle of urine you were holding back from entering.
No, Andy Reimer, not their legs, their testicles...
Bill,
You're not alone anymore! I go east.
liz.
i didn't want my toe knuckle hair to get caught in my chain so i shaved. it's not hair that obscures my proud toe knuckle tats but instead usually bike lane mystery liquids. i now carry a squeegee.
sw
Mongo like candy!
NatMC-
No TS Eliot quotes here, sir!
I've never thought much about the crust that collects on the bottom of my down tube. Where I ride its as likely to be squirel hair and moose nuggets as anything, but now I will have to think about it, and cringe at the possibilities. Damn you, Snob, damn you.
It's bike month in other parts of the world too, you American Centric bastard......PS I love you.
Liz..the knuckle hair is the teaser, it leaves the rest to the imagination. Just like my back hair when I wear that tight muscle shirt on a hot humid day.
Also, toe tats are useful in Florida, using phrases of 12-14 letters.
FLORID AROCKS
Shram, kick stands rock, once you 'stand, it's impossible to knock that bike over.
HORIZ ONTUL
I promised myself I wouldn't start up with this again, but you fenderers are coming across as purty damn precious. it was one thing when you were defending their practicality when the streets are wet, I knew that my position was stupid, but that's my choice, but now I feel better about it. Basically now you are all saying they are always a good idea because of the crap on the streets? That's sad. Do you palp shoe covers year round too? Maybe even when you are just walking?
Test Tickle, She don't lie. She don't lie.
She don't lie.
I'm worried that instead of ending with a whimper, a la NatMC's prophecy - this blog will end up like a vignette from "California Uber Alles" where cycling is ruled by a totalitarian dictator. I'm assuming in this case Snob will be equivalent to Marx or Kropotkin, rather than Stalin. I'm just throwing it out there, but I've got some fear and loathing regarding Cyclostan's future.
"Today's blog demonstrates all the reasons I prefer mountain biking", he said with vehemehnce.
Bill, I go straight off the Manhattan. When there's traffic, I hug the metal fence, back from the street. Tight quarters there...
Out here on the left coast other riders normally cue in behind you at lights. Although on my commute home in Marin County one guy on a mountain bike track stands at the light and then takes off in front of everyone. Since lights are more spread out everyone passes him before the next light and then he does it again.
Best reason to use fenders, "cocaine is everywhere". Tom says,it's easier to get than a cup of coffeeNY Feet aren't getting tendinitis, they're going numb.
Kale, a DK and a Hunter Thompson reference in one comment! Sweet. I hear Snob sings like Jello too - except a little higher pitched.
I vote for Commie "Kim Jung Il" Canuck for dictator. Oh wait, there won't be an election. Nevermind.
Stepping on a fresh load of crap while wearing clipless is so wrong, Last night I had to not only clean the shoes but take apart the offended pedal also (don't ask me why I didn't see this fresh load of crap)
Snob are you doing the T.A sponsored commuter race again this year?
ah, bless ya, Mike, yer one of the good uns.....i swear i'm not sooooo grumpy, i'm generally reasonable, but today, 5 people were just all kinds of splayed out in front of it, making it absolutely impossible, and all just doing that aloof stare at each others "whips" and looked at me with uncomprehending sneers as i said 'scuse me' and tried to squeeze through....
recently, i had cause to re-view a videotape of a street-skating competition held in the san francisco bay area in the mid-1980s. for those unfamiliar with the evolution of street skating, this competition would have occurred during the sport's infancy, and the footage i watched again, twenty years on, consisted mainly of name pros sadly no-complying parking curbs and bonelessing the fenders of the heavily graffitied car at the center of the course. watching all of this, i experienced a sensation of agitated listlessness familiar from watching vimeo footage of fixed-gear freestyling. of course, skateboarding has come a long way in the intervening years; it's hard to imagine any of the practitioners on that tape believing you were you to have told them that in a mere ten years, people would be kickflipping picnic tables and doing exotic grinds down twenty-stair handrails. it may be that fixed-gear freestyling has such leaps in evolution ahead of it. somehow, i rather doubt it.
why oh why couldn't it just have been a joke?
i know it's a bike blog but shit footing should still be addressed.
mingus.
it's one of the eternal truths of the cosmos, once you step in shit you never can feel the same about those shoes again.
bad luck.
for those 'budging' to the front
at lights, no problem. like the
guy who wants to be at the front
of group ride, except instead of the wind picking them off, it's the guy beating the already red light.
"you wanna cross first?"
"by all means, I insist!"
it's just annoying when they then
maintain a speed that is so slow but still defies gravity somehow.
Having recently fitted a pair of glossy black fudguards/wheelbrows/dritt deflectors, I can now experience what was formerly the preserve of track cyclists and fixsters - overlap. Finally, something to make the commute more of a challenge.
that's one of the most boring videos i have ever seen, not to mention one of the worst made. somehow the camera seemed to miss whatever tiny speck of action there was while focusing on, well, focusing.
I was actually in that "second group of commuters further up the road" on the Brooklyn side of the Manhattan bridge. I remember that rollerblader from when I passed him on the Manhattan side. What you didn't see was his flailing around as he tried to come to a stop on Canal St. He almost took out 2 cyclists and came pretty close to doing a face plant.
At least in the time that since I have started reading your blog regularly, you have never touched upon what I condsider to be the greatest menace to a cyclist... until TODAY!
Yes, I speak of the recreational In-line skater! No where else can a single person plug in an ipod, tune out the world, and sashay along dominating an entire 10' wide section of pavement.
No amount of "ON YOUR LEFT" can break them of their self-righteous and headphone fueled In-line self-love. They are the single greatest threat on the multi-use paths and even moreso on the street. I just thank god that there are not more of them around... oh sh- !
Of course there's a ginger-beard! of course!!!hahahahaha!!! that video wsa worse than watching a long-board or cross-country skiing!!HAHAHAHAHA
Astroluc
Just pray they ride through the shit that Mingus had to deal with - should make those bearings nice and tacky.
There is so much in this post that I find myself golfclapping for. Bike shoals - they're everywhere! Fixie comps - same category as snowboard park jams (I'm talking boxes and rails, not the big-air comps). Fenders - if they don't wrap at least part way round the tire, they're not gonna block much poo. Chinchilla vs bunny rabbit - wicked! Sensible shoes - ok, you got me there, but at least my sandals are closed-toe.
One other thing - in the last shot of the commuter crit - I can't quite tell, but I think that must be the feed zone - the open hand of one of them looks like they might have just passed a musette to one of the riders, and the guy at the back has another one over his shoulder, ready to hand off. The cleanup crew has already started - bravo to the race organizer for the prompt attention - I always hate to see paper cups and power gel packets strewn about days after a race!
i always ensure i cut off any person that rides in front of me at stop lights or tries to pass on my right when the light goes green.
why? not because i'm looking for vindication nor trying to enforce rules and laws. it's simply because i'm a dick.
That sounds like my all time favorite skate video...
CURB DOGS!
prolly's just a kid, leave the son alone...
Frank,
No matter which one of those people you are, you got problems.
Fenders removed. Kickstands too. Lights, gears, brakes, handlebar tape. I see where this is going.
Behold the modern bicycle!
hey, I read Kropotkin too!
Kind of like the old adage that "you don't have to be faster than the bear, just faster than your friend", I see the cyclist shoals as a chance to sit back and "hopefully" see The Darwin Awards in person.
Considering the picture Snob paints of NYC drivers, it's only a matter of time before an Access-a-Ride van takes them all out like an Abdujaparov sprint.
mehnace to siciety!
Rockandrollcannibal - i don't want to imply I'm getting old but that looks suspiciously like my first bicycle.
Just saying.
You know what has fenders? My dutch city bike that I ride every day even though it is supposedly only some kind of fashion item.
open the lame freestyle videomute it.
play thisand now it's entertaining.
Or a mild sleep-aid.
mehdiocrity!
rockandrollccannibal:
already in existence!
Ignatius - I'm surprised your pyloric valve didn't slam shut after reading this post...
100 Serafin Martinez (Spa) Xacobeo Galicia
100! I don't know why I feel compelled to do this ..
Shit, somebody got ahead of me at the light!
Sorry Surly. But no gifts, right?
The hardest thing about learning how to in-line skate is telling your parents that you are gay.
That's okay. It's been that kind of day. At least I didn't step in any ... WHAT THE FUUUU ....
Anon 3:15 said: " it may be that fixed-gear freestyling has such leaps in evolution ahead of it. somehow, i rather doubt it."
It does, and it's called either artistic cycling or flatland BMX.
Well Surly, you know what they say...
Innerlighter-
Uh, no...
This is the soundtrack to the foffest.
AYHWMDOA
my balls hurt
JBJ...
I will counter with this
**** Bike Shop Scam ****
Just a heads up. Last weekend was busy in the bicycle shops. While
the staff of the Bikery was busy with other customers a well fit man
with shaved legs and vary knowledgeable about Cervelos took a test
ride. He never return. The Cervelo is red with white lettering
model R3DA with a 56 cm frame serial number CVR3607152. The bike is
worth about 5 G's - that a lot of gravity. I understand a second bike
shop in the Syracuse area lost a $4500.00 mountain bike. I don't have
any particulars on this bike and I'm not sure what shop it was.
Apparently this thief left a fanny pack that supposedly contained
his license and wallet. When that rider did not return the shop
opened it - they didn't find any ID or wallet. My guess would be
these two incidents were probably be the work of the same person or
persons - PROS. I think all the bike shops in the area have been
notified and warned. These bikes are probably long out of the area.
If you know any other shop owners it probably wouldn't hurt to give
them a heads up. If you see or hear of a bike fitting this
descriptions please notify the police.
so when someone stops BEHIND you at the stoplight you'll know it's Snobby.
i watched part of that video from tracko. it was unbearable.
Kickstands - I love 'em!
I built an ironic Huffy Singlespeed rigid MTB to make a friend laugh and then found I actually enjoyed riding the damn thing.
My favorite feature on the bike is the kickstand. The concentric torsion spring and housing are stressed members of the chainstays, making it the world's best-integrated structural kickstand.
It's difficult to express the sheer joy I feel when the riders I have passed emerge at the trailhead, avoiding eye contact as they circle slowly around the self-supporting steel bicycle standing proudly like a lone pine among a forest of toppled crabon fiber and unobtanium.
That's not a Schwinn "step through", it's a Nishiki mixtie. How could you miss that?
People always ask me weird questions.
I see the events of that video play out every day in my sub division's cul-de-sac. the only thing different is the kids have parental supervision helping them to watch out for cars and they don't look as bored.
Best quote overheard on my commute home today, (and this is absolutely true):
"Grandma, you're never gonna guess what I really stepped on!"
I hate Fruitbooters more than I hate Fixed Gear Freestylers.
Fruitbooters are to skateboarding what Fixed gear freestylers are to BMX.
"Fruitbooters"
LoL, now THAT is brilliant!
Try this:
Anon 7:58..hold my fanny pack with my credit card and license in it while I test your computer, but don't open the fanny pack please.
You handed a $5000 bike to some one without verifying at least three pieces of ID? Just because he was knowledgeable about Cervelos?
Never trust anyone with a fanny pack.
i kept pulling up in front of people stopped at stoplights this morning, and now feeling bad about it, but dammit, when did yall start stopping behind the crosswalk!!??
I bet kim jung ill wears a fanny pack.
Most of the time if I am stopped at a light the people who should probably maybe stop behind me end up just blowing through the light...
Learn the EXACT steps to
ApproachWomenEasily.com
Approach Women Easily
and Get A Womans Phone Number And Date Today!
Visit
and start approaching women easily !
if you aint from NYC originally, you cant hate on NJ.. fucking pussy transplant. get ya grill cracked with a U lock in jersey city..
lantern rouge
your blog is brilliant - can you set up rss?
On a completely different note - wtf does RTMS stand for?
it's funny because it's all so true!
This is crazy, but I am the one who you have photographed wearing the so called "beret"!
to get things correct here, that bike is a Maxwell Pennsylvania from the Netherlands not a trek
And I am not wearing a Beret, that is an old man golfer hat that belonged to my grandfather, I wear it for good luck because I don't wear a helmet and need luck that no cars kill me on my commute.
Yeah, commute-racing is obnoxious. But passing is not inherently rude. Different people ride different speeds. Especially since sometimes (especially if you are like me) you happen to be late and are trying to get somewhere in a big hurry but don't believe in blowing stoplights.
Just wanted to get this off my chest... Cyclist from SF in 2007: I know you're a better rider than I am; your seated free-wheel trackstand at the light proved it unequivocally. I passed you because you apparently had decided to take a leisurely ride, whereas I was actually trying to get somewhere on an assigned schedule. Chasing me down and calling me a "dork" was uncalled for. Who chases people down and berates them for passing?
d
Great article :)
And what... no commentary on the latest nyc "fixie" craze: fixie "polo"???
Argggghhhh!
Me and my friend were arguing about an issue similar to this! Now I know that I was right. lol! Thanks for the information you post.
Zydot ultra clean shampoo xanax bars do you - xanax schedule iv drug
Hi friends,
your diary comments is incredibly nice, see my diary comments is each factor have smart product and low worth...
PVC Ball Valves ManufacturerWe're 379 Members
We're 19 Writers Who Write
We're 12 children's book writers
We're 115 Members
We're 79 Companions on the Journey
We're 1,201 Photographers
We're 29 Writers
We're 937
We're 101 Members
We're 217 Members
We're 7 Ivy Leaguers
We're 22 Radio show hosts
We're 166 Businesses, Marketers and Mavens
We're 1 member
We're 170 Digital Creators
We're 93 Free-Writing Women
We're 69 Drupal Entrepreneurs
We're 16 Primal Buddies
We're 6 people interested in Gurdjieff
We're 112 Stone Soupers
Writers wanted
Media lovers wantedHappy Badger to host fundraiser for local familyWritten by Betsy Woodruff | | bwoodruff@toledofreepress.com
When the tornado swept through Northwest Ohio, Donna Cohen, co-owner of the Happy Badger in Bowling Green, wanted to do something to help victims. So she decided to coordinate a series of concerts to help out.
The concerts will raise money for the Hunt family, whose home was demolished in the storm. They did not have insurance and lost everything but some wet socks to the tornado.
To help them, the Happy Badger will sponsor a series of concerts. They will be free. To raise money, they will pass around a basket and encourage donations.
The first concert will be on Friday, June 18 from 6-8 p.m. on the lawn of the shop. The AntiVillains and Estar Cohen and the Power of the Plume will perform.
On Saturday, June 19, the Original Bag with Jason Quick and Ben Langlois will play from 1-3.
On June 26, a group of poets from Toledo will have a reading and acoustic duo Blue Moon will perform.
On July 10 from 1-3 p.m., Anthony Two Feathers will give a flute performance. From 6-8 p.m. on the same day, Katey Sardasky will have an art exhibit at the store. Ben Barefoot will play acoustic guitar.
On Saturday, July 17 from 1-3 p.m., the store will host a silent auction of jewelry, photography, framed art, and other items donated by local artists. Billie Tulk will give tarot readings. All the proceeds will go to the Hunt family, and Blue Moon will perform again.
Tags: Happy Badger, tornado damageListeriosis is a notifiable disease in Portugal, but active surveillance is just starting.
The long duration of this outbreak, (March 2009 to February 2012) linked with queijo fresco (fresh cheese) is noteworthy and reinforces the importance of setting up an effective multidisciplinary team able to help ensure rapid notification of cases and the prompt submission of L. monocytogenes isolates for routine laboratory typing.
A retrospective study involving 25 national hospitals led to the awareness of the outbreak, meaning the time between the presumed onset and its detection was 16 months. Notifiable disease but no active surveillance In Portugal, listeriosis has been notifiable since April 2014, but there is no active surveillance program. As there is no such program, outbreak detection is extremely difficult and work on the one reported was due mainly to retrospective investigations.
Between January and July 2010, a high number of listeriosis cases was observed (40 compared with 20 during all of 2009) particularly in the Lisbon and Vale do Tejo region.
Molecular typing of the 40 L. monocytogenes clinical isolates revealed 18 serotype IVb isolates presented the same PFGE type and ribotype observed for five isolates recovered in 2009. Continued monitoring detected two more cases with the outbreak strain in November 2010, three more in January, February and March 2011 and two in February 2012.
Processing plant investigation: The food safety authority inspected 42 food retailers and collected 103 samples for analysis (51 meat products, 24 dairy products, 13 ready to eat foods and 15 environmental swabs). L. monocytogenes was found in four samples collected at a retailer: three from queijo fresco and one from a swab from a ham slicingmachine; one queijo fresco sample contained Listeria counts greater than 100 CFU/g.
PFGE typing revealed isolates recovered from two queijo fresco samples of different brands from the same retailer showed the same PFGE type as the clinical isolates with the outbreak strain.
In European countries with established surveillance programs, such as France, Germany and the UK, the incidence of listeriosis is reported to be increasing and the distribution of cases is shifting, primarily affecting elderly persons and those with predisposing medical conditions, leading to a high case fatality rate.Steve and Sharon Batten of Lawrence, like millions of American families, have to make do without health insurance.
Steve is a self-employed carpenter, and Sharon has muscular dystrophy, two factors that make getting a health insurance policy a difficult and very expensive proposition. So the couple and their five children, ages 19 to 25, manage as best they can.
One thing the Battens have working in their favor is Heartland Medical Clinic in the lower level of Heartland Community Church, 619 Vt. The clinic, established in October 1999, is a general family practice offering free or discounted medical care, including prescription medication, to those who lack health insurance.
The clinic's been a big support for the Battens. Steve and Sharon, as well as four of their five children, have gone there for medical care.
"They have such a great heart for people, so much compassion. I appreciate that they had so much respect for everyone they were working with. No one looks down on us because we don't have health insurance," Sharon says.
Now Sharon serves on the clinic's nine-member board of directors.
"We've been without health insurance since the mid-'80s, so I know what it's like. Being a Christian, I felt like I can give them some help, since I have been on the other side as a patient."
It's from that perspective that Sharon has watched the clinic steadily grow from having one volunteer doctor and registered nurse on staff, and being open one day a week, to where it is now.
Today the clinic, which is a ministry of Heartland Church, provides about $150,000 annually in medical care and prescription drugs to underserved and uninsured people in a five-county area.
![.
The clinic maintains active charts on 1,110 patients. Though only open 121/2 hours each week, the clinic has logged 1,200 patient visits so far this year.
"We're busting through the walls. There's no place else to go," says Amy Berthold, a licensed dental hygienist who serves as clinic administrator.
"We've already expanded into all three of our Sunday school rooms, and we're dividing off the common area."
The clinic will celebrate its fourth anniversary Friday.
Bigger quarters, expanded service
The lack of space at the clinic is a situation soon to be remedied. Within six months, the medical staff, administrators and 35 volunteers are planning to move the clinic from its present location to a separate, 5,000-square-foot space downtown.
The relocated clinic would offer expanded medical services, be open 30 to 40 hours per week and start to see patients who have health insurance, too.
The reason it would begin to take paying patients is to be able to afford new equipment and services, such as X-ray machines, a full lab, counseling therapy and to help compensate the medical staff for the clinic's expanded hours.
By accepting paying patients, the nonprofit clinic could also afford to serve even more of its targeted patients: those who don't have health insurance.
Though the clinic will move and grow, it plans to remain true to its character as a Christian-based, nonprofit clinic focusing on the uninsured.
The Rev. Paul Gray, Heartland's senior pastor and the clinic's executive director, is looking forward to larger quarters.
"We'll have a very nice, state-of-the-art and aesthetically pleasing doctor's office that will make a big difference in the self esteem of homeless and uninsured people," he says.
The new location will represent a step forward in how the clinic looks and is able to serve its patients.
"We don't want them to feel like they're coming to a second-rate office or receiving a lower level of care, because they're not," says Dennis Sale, a doctor of osteopathy who founded the clinic.
The clinic presently has a staff of nine people, including two doctors of osteopathy, one internist, one general practice physician, one naturopathic doctor, a registered nurse and a dental hygienist.
Gray and Rebecca Thesman, communications director, round out the staff. They have non-medical backgrounds based in ministry.
![ Pat Mayo, a volunteer at Heartland Medical Clinic, looks over
medical supplies. On Friday, the clinic will celebrate its fourth
anniversary.
]()
Pat Mayo, a volunteer at Heartland Medical Clinic, looks over medical supplies. On Friday, the clinic will celebrate its fourth anniversary.
Dr. Gillian Stephens, a general practitioner, and Pat Mayo, a registered nurse, are full-time staff members and receive compensation for their work. The rest of the medical staff volunteers its time and services.
The clinic is supported by fund-raising, contributions from individuals and grants.
'Wonderful thank you'
Gray has been surprised by the growth the clinic has experienced in the past four years.
"I'm really grateful and excited. It's so obvious to me that God is doing this, because it never entered my mind to do it. It's not something I planned," he says.
"This has been the most exciting thing that's happened in the history of Heartland Church, what God is doing through the clinic. We just see something new every day."
Sale has also received a lot of satisfaction in seeing the clinic he founded grow to its present state.
"The thing that warms my heart the most is that people continue to come back. They trust us. It's also real gratifying when someone doesn't have a job, or is uninsured, and they'll give us $5," he says.
"And you know they don't have that money to spend. That's a wonderful thank you."
Sharon Batten is particularly impressed by the clinic's service to people who lack not only health insurance, but also permanent shelter.
"That to me is a great outreach, because those people need some help. They just need people to care and to not judge them," she says.
Copyright 2015 The Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. We strive to uphold our values for every story published.
Commenting has been disabled for this item.W!
HaHaHa I never heard about this! Sounds like the photographer is a weener!!! Avril and deryck should have won a reward for that shit LOL
Ahahaha XD The boys got aim! ^_^ I can see why spitting on people would be illegal. But if what we already know of the 'media' is any indication, the dude probably more than had it coming.
avril is not a wannabe you are those f!@#*% on every ones nerves how would you like it if some-one wouldnt leave you alone
Your article is bias on the fact you don't like sum41, you are a complete idiot, photographers not leaving me alone 24/7 would get more than spit on them. They are the scum of entertainment and deserve every piece of snot filled spit they get thrown at them.William Richardson and John Nicholson discovered quantities of ironstone at Consett, then called Conside, in the hills of north-west County Durham. The site, known as the „Blue Heaps‟, was where spoil from the local coal-pits was dumped.
Financed by the Northumberland and Durham District Bank, Richardson and Nicholson created the Derwent Iron Company. The Company bought ironstone and coal royalties in the area, sank the Number 1 ironstone shaft and built the first ironworks at Consett.
The population of Conside was 145. Within ten years the population had grown to 5,000.
Local iron-ore proved to be of poor quality and began to run out, so ore had to be transported to Consett by rail from newly-opened mines in Cleveland, North Yorkshire. The Stockton and Darlington Railway acquired the Stanhope and Tyne Railway, creating links from the south between the Cleveland iron-ore mines and Consett, and northwards from Consett to the staithes on the River Tyne.
Workers were attracted to Consett from Staffordshire, Scotland and Ireland. The Company built houses for its workers, known as “company rows”. One of the first to be built was called Staffordshire Row. There were two separate communities initially – Consett was for Protestant English workers and Blackhill for the Roman Catholic Irish.
There was often tension between the Irish and English workers. (e.g. A report in The Durham Advertiser on November 26th reported an attack on St Mary‟s Roman Catholic Church in Blackhill by English workers).
The Northumberland and Durham District Bank collapsed, creating fears for the future of the Derwent Iron Company.
Insecurity of workers after the collapse of the Northumberland and Durham District Bank led to the “Battle of the Blue Heaps” in April of that year.
A new business, the Consett Iron Company was formed with a clean financial slate, taking over the assets of the Derwent Iron Company. The new management included David Dale, a Quaker, who later became Managing Director, then Chairman of the company.
A strike in the iron industry throughout the North East collapsed because of poor leadership
The North of England Arbitration Board set up to deal with disputes in the iron industry, with David Dale as first Chairman. Industrial relations in the Consett Iron Works were relatively good in comparison with other companies, largely because of the mutual interest of non-conformists in the company management and the leadership of the Consett iron workers.
Consett Iron Company entered into partnership with a haematite ore company in Bilbao, Spain. The expansion of the Consett Iron Company was an example of a vertically integrated company, owning or having interests in iron-ore and coal mines, limestone quarries, ships, railways, shipping quays and coal staithes, brick works, blast furnaces, coke works, rolling mills, plate mills, etc.
Consett Iron Company erected Siemens-Martin process furnaces to produce steel plates.
The Newcastle Daily Chronicle reported on the Company‟s success:- “It was cheaply bought, wisely developed, marches with demand and has excellent management.”
By this time steel, rather than iron, the primary product of the Consett Works.
The population of Consett approximately 9,000.
The Company‟s seven collieries and various coke-works nationalised as part of the National Coal Board.
Consett Iron Company nationalised as part of Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain but later put back into private ownership.
Approximately 6,000 workers employed at Consett Steelworks.
Consett Iron Company re-nationalised as part of the British Steel Corporation.
Consett Steelworks closed with the direct loss of 4,500 jobs.
The population of Consett was 27,394All Photos
466
0
1
Posted on
05-15-2012
Nails
by Shocker_girl6
Posted on May 17, 2015
111 Views | 5 Likes 0 Comments
Wednesday Addams
by TheNailGuru
Posted on May 20, 2015
65 Views | 6 Likes 0 Comments
Orange To Pink Ombré
by alexisrichards
Posted on May 21, 2015
44 Views | 6 Likes 2 Comments
Granite Marble
by duchien
70 Views | 4 Likes 1 Comment
Sandra...
by danicadanica
Posted on May 15, 2015
199Candi Milo
Revision as of 07:43, June 26, 2014 by RockSunnerBot (wall | contribs)
7,841pages on
this wiki
this wiki
Candice "Candi" Anne Rose Milo is an American screen and voice actress, and singer. She replaced Christine Cavanaugh as the voice of Dexter on Dexter's Laboratory when Cavanaugh retired. She also voiced Irma Lair on W.I.T.C.H., and Madame Foster, Coco, and Cheese on Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends.Things to eat/drink/do/visit/see in Madrid!
Amaury Van Kenhove28 items | Created Apr 11, 2012
We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience.Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
Download foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!.”The title’s latest trailer compares Ghibli’s animation to the upcoming Playstation 3′s in-game action and the results are pretty stunning. Luscious landscapes, bustling village scenes and sweeping views start to take a backseat to the game’s RPG elements toward the end of the trailer (it’s a bit like “Pokémon” meets “My Neighbor Totoro” for a second), but that doesn’t detract from the 2011 release’s overall presentation as another work of Ghibli art.
Admittedly, the game’s Nintendo DS version embraces the limitations of its more polygonal-capable hardware with a slightly more “videogame” look to it, but its charm endures in a recent trailer of its own.
With any luck, fans outside of Japan will have more info on the title’s availability on both systems beyond “next year” soon.Who you know in the OLO
Donolo, you'll recall, was Chretien's communications director, and is currently a partner with Strategic Counsel.
Labels: Ian Davey, Peter Donolo
Labels: Ian Davey, Peter Donolo
posted by calgarygrit at
24 Comments:
Thank god! What the hell took Iggy so long? The party is at a lower standing than under Dion.
Donolo is strong. A great choice.
Now let's clean up the rest of the house.
By
OutremontLib, at 6:11 PM
Bob Rae's team is taking over day to day operations.
Is anyone shocked?
By
CanadianSense, at 6:35 PM
GOOD!
Here's who else should go:
- Sachin Aggarwal
- Jill Fairbrother
- Rocco Rossi
- Karen Redman
- Leslie Church
- Warren Kinsella (won't happen, but hey...)
- Dan Brock
- The other p*ss-ants who fed at the trough while Ian and the Toronto cabal ran roughshod over everyone else which constitute about 75-90% of OLO.
Clean house Peter, clean house.
By
Irritable Canadian, at 6:40 PM
Someone should warn the CBC reporter to start packing his bags for an overseas gig again.
Pete don't put up with dissenters.
WK should be his first casualty.
The smears have only helped the CPC. So I hope he stays....lol.
Let's hope they continue to avoid all adult conversation and continue barking about logos and evil meanie Stevie.
By
CanadianSense, at 6:50 PM
The Desmarais/Chretien/Rae/Rae slo-motion coup continues.
Iggy still hasn't figured out "for whom the bell tolls".
By
whyshouldIsellyourwheat, at 6:52 PM
"CBC's Power and Politics program kicked off their show by reporting the talented and capable Peter Donolo, former communications director to prime minister Jean Chrétien, has been hired as the new OLO boss. CTV's Power-Play got word from Iggy's current director of communications, Jill Fairbrother, that no that wasn't the case."
We'll see what happpens...
By
Anonymous, at 7:47 PM
The PR screwup of the office changes was a Chretien/Rae black op to make Iggy look bad and incompetent again, even as they are placing more of their people in key positions.
By
whyshouldIsellyourwheat, at 8:04 PM
And so it continues: the Liberals leak, retract, force others to retract multiple times, then finally confirm. And on a relatively minor item (even if it's not minor to the particular parties involved).
By
paul.obeda@, at 10:09 PM
So after all this talk on this blog and others about the need for a "democratic, open, fair nomination" in Outremont, Cauchon is getting a de facto appointment with all his competition being hounded out. And yet none of these same bloggers and supporters of the open nomination are saying a word about it.
See here:
and here:
-----------
En entrevue avec Le Devoir, Comlan Amouzou affirme qu'il quitte à regret la course. Il soutient que des gens au Parti libéral du Canada (PLC) lui mettent des bâtons dans les roues. «J'ai reçu beaucoup de pressions pour que je laisse la place à Martin Cauchon, même si on m'avait promis une véritable course à l'investiture. Chaque jour, je reçois des appels et des lettres anonymes pour que je quitte», dit-il.
M. Amouzou affirme que la direction du PLC-Q refuse de lui fournir des cartes de membre, ce qui l'empêche de recueillir des appuis.
-----------
Was it really just about getting Cauchon in, and not really about democratic principles at all?
I like Cauchon and think he deserved a shot at winning back Outremont, but after being away 5 years shouldn't he have had to prove that he could actually win a nomination in his own riding? Because if he couldn't that doesn't actually say good things about his chances of beating Tom Mulcair.
Oh well in other news, Donolo is a good choice.
By
Anonymous, at 10:15 PM
Paul - what are you talking about? I checked the CTV site and read nothing about a leak, retraction and then a confirmation. Do you have a link?
By
Gayle, at 10:52 PM
CTV's "Power Play" opened with the rumour of the reorganization.
A few minutes later, Tom Clark announced that he had been informed the rumour was false, and he issued a retraction.
Later in the show, Tom Clark repeated the retraction.
At the end of the show, Tom Clark again repeated the retraction.
Then we get this:
I can't begin to guess how Tom Clark felt a few hours later as his show repeated at 8 pm.
By
paul.obeda@, at 11:24 PM
So Clark got it wrong and you blame the liberals?
By
Gayle, at 11:36 PM
Sure, Gayle, blame the messenger (Clark) for getting it wrong.
Clearly, by your own admission, you didn't see the show. But you wouldn't let a little thing like not knowing what the discussion is about get in the way of commenting.
I haven't made that error in days, myself.
By
paul.obeda@, at 11:43 PM
Clearly I haven't seen the show, which is why I asked you about it. I kind of thought that would be obvious.
You have jumped to the conclusion the liberals first said one thing and then another. Is that what Clark said - because if so you should explain yourself better rather than jump all over people who believe you actually mean what you say.
If the liberals did, indeed, tell CTV one thing, and then tell them something else, and then something else again, I am surprised that does not appear in the article about the show.
By
Gayle, at 12:12 AM
Gayle, where did I say that "the Liberals first said one thing and then another"?
I said that CTV opened with the rumour. They presented it as a rumour making the rounds. Which is why I referred to it as a rumour. And as a leak.
Then, Tom Clark announced that he had been contacted by an official in the OLO and was informed that the rumour was not true. I described his retractions.
Finally, the Liberals confirmed that in fact the rumour was indeed true.
This is the approach to Management which they would have Canadians trust.
By
paul.obeda@, at 1:21 AM
Paul I watched the clip and Robert Silver the Liberal best friend at the Globe leaked the rumour. Tom did not seem shocked by the announcement. A few minutes later his producers must have been yelling in his ears as Ian, Jill team did not get the "memo" before the leak was made public.
Paul MI's team could have used this to test where his leaks/rumours are originating from.
Tom, Robert did look silly and their sources may have been
By
CanadianSense, at 1:29 AM
'Ian, Jill team did not get the "memo" before the leak was made public.'
So they found out they were fired on national tv!
ouch! Brutal way to treat the guy that brought you to Canada to become PM, eh.
By
wilson, at 2:55 AM
It gets better: Joan Bryden posted a story at 9:21 pm on the Metro News site, compounding the chaos by indicating once again that there were no changes in the OLO.
I don't know exactly what time the Liberals announced the changes, but you don't look good by making the media look bad.
By
paul.obeda@, at 4:58 AM
Wilson,
MI after exiting the wardrobe, he found the article he is less popular than Dion.
Prince Caspian has demanded justice against the woodland creatures who are not loyal to his reign.
or
As an example of the failed immigration Liberal Policy MI fired his consultant for not securing that high paying job at 24 Sussex as promised.
By
CanadianSense, at 7:40 AM
Jill Fairbrother and Dan Brock are the next to go along with Jean Francois Del Torchio.
This is a done deal by weeks end.
I wonder if someone will tell them before they see it on the internet.
By
OutremontLib, at 8:40 AM
Outremont Lib your blast is 8:40 am.
Why did MI not call him in on Sunday and his team so they would avoid this communicatio and public humilation of Liberals?
By
CanadianSense, at 9:02 AM
"Gayle, where did I say that "the Liberals first said one thing and then another"?"
Well you said they leaked, and then retracted. How else would you descirbe that?
By
Gayle, at 9:57 AM
//Why did MI not call him in on Sunday and his team so they would avoid this communicatio and public humilation of Liberals?//
Because the Chretien/Rae folks deal in humiliation. They are taking no prisoners in this coup.
How long till Iggy resigns? Probably after the Olympics.
Rae's strategy, since he realized that he could never win an open convention, with most MP's in the Iggy camp, has been brilliant, in first undermining Dion, and now kneecapping Ignatieff.
By
whyshouldIsellyourwheat, at 11:24 AM
This may help, but the problems facing the Liberals are strategic, more than tactical.
What groups need to be courted so that the Liberals can win a majority government? Who, within the Tory tent, represents the lowest-hanging fruit? How can the Greens be eviscerated, without costing oneself lots of votes in a country whose core industries are big polluters? etc.
By
hosertohoosier, at 7:10 PM
Links to this post:
Create a Link<< HomeCygnus OB2 in 60 Seconds
Narrator (April Hobart, CXC): The Milky Way and other galaxies in the universe are home to many star clusters and associations that each contain hundreds to thousands of hot, massive, young stars. Astronomers would like to better understand how these star factories form and evolve over time. Cygnus OB2 is the closest massive star cluster to Earth, making it an excellent target for astronomers to study. A long observation from NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory of Cygnus OB2 revealed about 1,700 X-ray sources. Scientists think that nearly 1,500 of these X-ray sources are young stars. The X-ray emission comes from the hot outer atmospheres of these stars ranging in age from one million to seven million years old. This makes the stars in Cygnus OB2 practically newborn babies when compared to a star like our Sun at about 5 billion years in age. By combining Chandra's data with those from other telescopes, a more complete story of star birth and early adolescence is made.The ideal British home is “absolutely not a mansion”, although it would have many features of such an edifice, including a multicar garage, walk-in wardrobes and a large garden, according to a survey by the PrimeLocation website. This four or, at most, five-bedroom dwelling would be Victorian or Edwardian and be located somewhere picturesque in the South West.
Only 14 per cent of those quizzed by PrimeLocation opted for a London address. This preference is probably not connected with concerns about the tax payable on such a property. But those who respond to similar studies in future might be influencedRobert Brock, Jeremy Cloyd and Brenna Murray discuss 'Pippin.'
by LindseyWilsonCollege
Cast members Lacy Martin & LaDevany Franklin 'Pippin.' by
LindseyWilsonCollege
COLUMBIA, Ky. -- The Lindsey Wilson College
Theatre Program will present.
Brock -- who directed Godspell in 2012 at LWC --
says Pippin is also about the magic of theater.
"Pippin is about life in the theater. It's about
magic of theater, the magic of illusion, the magic an actor has to
bring an audience along on a story," Brock said. "And in that story, in the story
of Pippin, the character of Pippin … sets out to find his
own way."
As part of cast members' preparation for the LWC
production, they attended a performance of the revival on Broadway
and also had a workshop with a cast member from the Pippin
revival.
"They learned how intense those people work, how good
they are at what they do, and how much they train," Brock said.
LWC student Jeremy Cloyd of
Tompkinsville, Ky., who plays Pippin said that Pippin especially
appeals to young people because the musical's story is about
self-discovery.
"I like Pippin because it relates to who I am and who
were are as a college student," Cloyd said. "You don't go into
Pippin and read through Pippin and get to do
Pippin without seeing this journey to find fulfillment --
this journey that we all go on. … You see Pippin get scared, and
you see Pippin get anxious and nervous, and then you see him get
real excited and fall back down on his face."
Brenna Murray of Russell Springs, Ky.,
plays the Leading Player -- the character in the troupe who helps
guide Pippin on his journey. Brenna says she has learned a lot of
life lessons from working on the show.
"Finding what's right within your heart … is kind of a
big lesson that I've learned," she said. "Do what you feel is
right, maybe not so much what other people are telling you."
Pippin will be performed at 7 p.m. CT Nov. 20-22 and
2 p.m. CT Nov. 24 in V.P. Henry Auditorium, 210 Lindsey Wilson St.
For ticket information, contact Robert Brock at brockr@lindsey.edu
or (270) 590-4803. Follow the show at @PippinLWC2013.
The Cast
Leading Player -- Brenna Murray of Russell Springs, Ky.
Pippin -- Jeremy Cloyd of Tompkinsville, Ky.
Charles -- Lake Salsbury of Campbellsville, Ky.
Lewis -- Timothy Hoffman of Glasgow, Ky.
Fastrada -- Lacy Martin of Gamaliel, Ky.
Berthe -- Brooke Spatol of Louisville, Ky.
Catherine -- Erika Finley of Hopkinsville, Ky.
Theo -- C.J. Bonifer of Greensburg, Ky.
Player -- LaDevany Franklin of Glasgow, Ky.
Player -- Mariah Lane of Henderson, Ky.
Player -- Bethany Wilhelm of Clay, Ky.
See
...
the photo call.
Watch
...Beige Glitter Low Heel Sienna Sandals | Unique Prom
More Views
Beige Glitter Low Heel Sienna Sandals
$60.00.
Out of stockBy ‘Honoring’ King With Bling And Ignorance, These Fliers Wind Up Disrespecting Him
Source: Tonyaa Weathersbee / BlackAmericaWeb.
To read this article in its entirety visit BlackAmericaWeb.com.
Follow Roland Martin Reports on Twitter
Follow Roland S. Martin's Timeline On Facebook
Get Roland Martin Reports in your inbox!
Sign up for Roland Martin Reports Daily News Update powered by FeedBurner
- picnicfun
- AngieDon’t let your children leave the house without their aluminum-foil hats to deflect those “deadly” Wi-Fi radio waves. There have been numerous conflicting scientific studies on the safety or danger of cellphones, particularly applied to children. The argument is that children’s brain cells are still developing and thus remain far more sensitive to radio waves. Wi-Fi has not been under any sustained attack; but in 2003, some schools pulled out their Wi-Fi networks because of parental concerns over the possible threat to their children. Just how reasonable are these claims?
To find out more about subscribing:PRIMER […]
Starting a legal winery? Here are things to consider Rodabaugh, […]
So you’re from the media, why should I care?
 […]
Su. […]
It’s time for the Twenty Third Annual Spring Hopland Passport, […]
Passport Sunday in Suisun Valley… Continues as immensely successful consumer event
Passport Sunday in Suisun Valley is presented by the Suisun Valley Vintners & Growers Association Wine and food tasting: Sunday, April 13, 2014 from 11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. It’s been great to help launch Passport Sunday in Suisun Valley, and to continue to see it flourishing through the efforts of a very dedicated crew. […]
Do you actually keep an unshopping list?
First of all, what is an unshopping list? Well, it can be one of two things, I think..”
American Wine Consumer Coalition ~ Wineries, are you paying attention?
Do you wineries who are selling directly to consumers want to take the slow boat to China with your wine sales, or would you like to fast forward your bottom line?Scrumptious, Delicate Chocolate Macaroons
Although
- Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 400°F. Line 2 Large baking sheets with parchment paper.
- To make the macaroons: pulse the almonds with 1 cup of the confectioners' sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Add the cocoa powder and the remaining 3/4 cup the paper off the macaroons and transfer to wire racks to cool completely. (The macaroons can be made 1 day in advance and stored in layers separated by wax paper in an airtight container.)
- To make the filling: bring the cream just to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat.
- Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the cocoa powder. Add the chocolate and butter and whisk until smooth.
- Let coot to room temperature, then refrigerate, covered, for at least 30 minutes, or until the filling is firm enough to hold its shape when spread.
- If desired, transfer the filling to a pastry bag fitted with a 1/2-inch plain tip. Pipe the filling, or spread it with a table knife, generously on the flat side of half of the macaroons. Top with the remaining macaroons, flat-side down, pressing together gently to form sandwiches. (The cookies can be stored in layers separated by wax paper in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 days.)
Makes about 4 dozen cookies.Stanford Basketball 1999 Pac-10 Champions
Stanford Story
One of the best teams in school history, a high national ranking, excellent team chemistry, talent and depth ... It added up to another highly successful season for the Stanford Cardinal ... The 26 wins was third-best in school history and only four short of the school record set by the NCAA Final Four team in 1997-98 ... For the first time in school history, Stanford captured the Pacific-10 Conference championship, tying a school record with 15 conference wins ... For the fifth straight season, Stanford won at least 20 games ... During that time, the Cardinal has chalked up a record of 108-37 ... Stanford ended the year ranked seventh in the nation by Associated Press, and ninth by USA Today/CNN.
Stanford University Conference Championships
1919-20 Pacific Coast Conference
1920-21 Pacific Coast Conference
1935-36 Pacific Coast Conference
1936-37 Pacific Coast Conference
1937-38 Pacific Coast Conference
1941-42 Pacific Coast Conference
1962-63 (tie) AAWU
1998-99 Pacific-10 Conference
Cardinal Corner
The Cardinal of Stanford was the 1999 Pacific-10 Champion ... The Cardinal chalked up a 15-3 conference mark, and a two game advantage over second place Arizona ... The conference title was the school's first Pac-10 title, and the first conference crown since the 1962-63 season ... Stanford led by one game at the halfway point of the league race ... Since the league expanded in 1979, the leader at the mid-point of the conference had gone on to win the Pac-10 title in all but two seasons (1985-86 and 1993-94) ... The trend continued in 1998-99 with Stanford winning the title ... Previous to the 1998-99 season, since the conference went to ten teams in 1978-79, only four teams had won the title (UCLA, Arizona, Washington, Oregon State) ... Previous to the 1998-99 season, Arizona and UCLA were the only schools to win the league title since the 1990-91 campaign ... Add Stanford to both lists ... Previous to the 1998-99 season, Stanford had not finished first in the conference since the 1962-63 season when the team shared the title with UCLA at 7-5 in the five-team AAWU ... Previous to Stanford winning the league title in 1998-99, the last time Stanford won the league title outright was during the NCAA championship season in 1941-42 with an 11-1 record in the southern division of the Pacific Coast Conference.
Charity Catalogue
Free throws saw a marked improvement for Stanford in the last nine games of the 1998-99 season ... The Cardinal hit 239 of its last 304 free throws for 79 percent ... After an early season slump, Stanford jumped to third in the Pac-10 in free throw percentage at .706 ... Arthur Lee finished first in the conference and fifth in the nation in free throw percentage at .886 (140-158) ... Tim Young placed fifth in the conference in free throw percentage at .825 (94-114) ... Lee hit 31 straight free throws during the latter part of the season, and made 74 of his last 78 free throw attempts for 95 percent.
Schedule Story
Stanford's schedule was the toughest in school history ... Included were games against nine teams that were ranked in the top 25, #1 & #3 Connecticut, #5 & #9 St. John's, #5 & #8 Maryland, #12 Gonzaga, #12 & #16 Arizona, #13 & #18 North Carolina, #14 Temple, #15 & #21 UCLA, and #24 Southwest Missouri State.
Starter Story
Consistency was a trademark of the starting lineup for the Stanford Cardinal ... Over the last 38 games, Stanford marched out a starting lineup of Peter Sauer and Mark Madsen at forward, Tim Young at center, and Arthur Lee and Kris Weems at guard ... Fifty-seven times, this quintet of players started together, and during that time, Stanford chalked up a record of 47-10 over the past two seasons.
Stanford Starters (Lee, Madsen, Sauer, Weems,Young, 47-10)
First eleven games of 1997-98 season (11-0)
Games 22-to-29 of 1997-98 season (6-2)
Games 31-to-35 of 1997-98 season (4-1)
Games 1-to-33 of the 1998-99 season (26-7)
Cardinal Chatter
The Cardinal gave up only 60.8 ppg, #1 in the Pac-10, and #15 in the nation ... This year's defensive points per game average was the best since the 1962-63 season.
Record Review
Four school records were broken in 1998-99 ... Tim Young played in 132 career games, breaking the old mark of 125 by Adam Keefe (1988-92) ... Young also started 125 consecutive games ... Young ended his career with 167 blocks ... The 15 home sellouts was a single season record.
Attendance Analysis
Stanford Basketball is popular ... At Maples Pavilion, Stanford's home floor, all 15 games were soldout (7,391) during the 1998-99 season ... The Cardinal played before 100 percent capacity, tops in the Pac-10 ... The Cardinal played 33 games and played before 332,900 fans ... The Stanford-Maryland game at the BB&T Classic at the MCI Center in Washington D.C. attracted 20,544 fans ... The next night, 18,244 watched Stanford play George Washington ... Two games against St. John's and North Carolina at the pre-season NIT at Madison Square Garden attracted a total crowd of 28,671 ... At the Pete Newell Classic, the Cardinal played Temple before a crowd of 19,657, the largest crowd to ever watch a collegiate basketball game in the state of California, and the largest regular season crowd in the history of West Coast basketball ... The Stanford-California game at Oakland drew 15,269, the largest crowd to watch these two teams play in the 233-game history of the series.
Tough Ticket
Enthusiasm for the Stanford basketball team is at an all-time high ... Every home game in 1998-99 was sold out, a first in school history ... The capacity crowd of 7,391 for the Stanford-UC Davis (11/14/98) game was the first sellout season-opening crowd in Mike Montgomery's tenure at Stanford ... Stanford has played before 24 straight home sellout crowds ... For the first time, the school held Cardinal Chaos, Stanford's version of Midnight Madness ... The event attracted more than 2,500 fans ... Before Midnight Madness, students started waiting in line to buy tickets two weeks before they went on sale, with about 60 tents springing up around Maples Pavilion ... At one time or another, approximately 1,600 students waited for 1,200 available seats ... Many well-known faces attended Stanford games in 1998-99, including Chelsea Clinton, former U.S. Senator Bill Bradley, former Cardinal All-Americans Todd Lichti, Adam Keefe and Brevin Knight, University president Gerhard Casper, singer Vanessa Williams, golfers Tiger Woods and Casey Martin, Golden State Warriors head coach P.J. Carlesimo, numerous NBA scouts, Hall of Famer Jerry West, St. Louis Cardinals manager Tony LaRussa, former 49ers and Stanford head football coach Bill Walsh, NBA all-star Gary Payton, and rapper Jay-Z.
Maples Memo
Stanford is 62-7 at Maples Pavilion since the 1994-95 season ... During that time, the Cardinal has won games by an average of 18.8 points per game ... Stanford was 13-2 at home in1998-99 ... The Cardinal has won 36 of its last 40 games at Maples Pavilion, and 48 of the last 53 ... Stanford is 25-3 over Pac-10 schools at Maples Pavilion in the last three seasons.
Defensive Data
Stanford's defense was sharp in 1998-99 ... The Cardinal held the opposition to .380 shooting (#1 in the Pac-10, #10 in the nation), 60.8 ppg (#1 in the Pac-10, #15 in the nation), and outrebounded the opposition, 40.7 to 32.1 rpg (#1 in the conference) ... Stanford outrebounded its opponents in 28 of 33 games, and 35 of 40 games over the last two seasons ... Stanford's rebound margin of 8.6 was #1 in the Pac-10, and #8 in the nation ... The Cardinal grabbed 40 or more rebounds in eight of the last ten games ... Stanford's scoring margin of +12.7 was #1 in the Pac-10, and #13 in the nation ... Stanford beat seven opponents by 25 points or more ... When Stanford scored a 94-45 victory over Washington State (1/21/99), that was the biggest margin of victory (49 points) in 1998-99 ... The 49-point win was eighth-best in school history, the biggest win over Washington State ever, the largest over a Pac-10 opponent, and the second biggest win ever in the 30-year history of Maples Pavilion ... When Stanford scored a 44 point win over Nevada (12/17/98), that was the second biggest margin of victory for a road game in Stanford basketball history ... Only 12 opponents shot 40 percent or better ... Stanford gave the opposition only a .380 shooting percentage, #1 in the Pac-10 and #10 in the nation ... Only 12 opponents scored 60 or more points ... Stanford established a first in school history when the Cardinal scored more than 100 points in a road game ... The Cardinal won at Nevada (12/17/98), 101-57.
Medical Monitor
The injury bug hit the Cardinal roster ... Four players on the 13-man roster were sidelined a total of 76 games ... Jason Collins was ruled out for the season after undergoing surgery to repair a dislocated right wrist in the game against George Washington (12/7/98) ... Michael McDonald suffered a sprained foot in the season opener against UC Davis (11/14/98) and missed 16 games ... Ryan Mendez suffered from a stress reaction in his left knee, and only played in five games ... The latest addition to the list was Jarron Collins, who suffered a sprained left ankle against Oregon (3/4/99) ... Collins missed the final three games of the season, including the two NCAA Tournament games.
Honors Hoopla
Mike Montgomery was the 1999 Pacific-10 Conference Coach of the Year, the 1999 NABC District-14 Coach of the Year, and the 1999 USBWA District-9 Coach of the Year ... Montgomery was one of six finalists for the Claire Bee Award, honoring the active Division I college basketball coach who has made the most significant contributions to the sport ... In his 13th season at the helm, Montgomery guided the Stanford Cardinal to its first conference title since 1963 ... Arthur Lee and Mark Madsen were named honorable mention All-American by Associated Press, the All Pacific-10 Conference first team, the NABC All District-14 first team, the USBWA All-District 9 first team, and the All-West first team by Basketball Times ... Madsen was a finalist for the Chip Hilton Player of the Year Award, given to a player who has demonstrated personal character on-and-off the court ... Madsen, who was a third team All-American by the NABC, was a finalist for the John Wooden Award ... Lee, an All-America candidate, was a candidate for the John Wooden and the Naismith Awards, symbolic of the nation's best player ... Lee was also one of 30 candidates for the Oscar Robertson Trophy, selected by the United States Basketball Writers Association, for college basketball Player of the Year ... Madsen was named a first team All Pacific-10 Academic selection, while Tim Young was named a second team All Pac-10 academic choice.
Minute Memo
Eight players played at least 10 minutes per game ... Cardinal starters averaged 28.6 minutes per game ... All-America guard candidate Arthur Lee led the team in minutes per game at 32.6, while his backcourt mate, Kris Weems, averaged 31.5 minutes per game.
Stanford Stat
Arthur Lee is the current NCAA Tournament record holder for free throw percentage ... In 12 NCAA games, Lee made 58-of-62 free throws for .935 ... That broke).I am excited to share my newest designs for braiding, not hairstyles, but Designer Bags and Totes.
Learn how to use simple fabric braids, in this case with a stand of yarn added in,
coil them into shape,
and create a trendy fashion bag ready for a special outing.
Shown is "Night on the Town".
The book and braidcrafting tools are available through Herrschners, Inc.3D Laser Scanning at Church Hole,
Creswell Crags
Alistair Carty
The process of recording in situ archaeological art can be a time-consuming and complex task, especially on inaccessible and non-planar surfaces such as those found in Church Hole, Creswell Crags. There are considerable challenges to the recorder, including the accurate positioning and fixing of survey frames, the physical discomfort of sitting, crouching, or even lying down for long periods of time in cramped surroundings, and, ultimately, the difficulty in interpreting the panels to enable accurate recording. Furthermore, the more accurate forms of traditional recording include the taking of rubbings of the carvings, a process known to increase the potential of damage to already fragile artworks.
3D laser scanning offers solutions to most of these problems by quickly producing a highly dense fully three-dimensional surface map of the art which can be studied in more conducive circumstances by researchers at a later date. Furthermore, powerful visualization techniques can be applied to the 3D surface map to extract and enhance detail that might be virtually invisible to the naked eye. Over-arching the visualization and interpretational aspects of 3D laser scanning is the potential to use the acquired 3D surface map to monitor any change in the surface through repeated scanning over a period of time. This technique is suitable for detecting minute
The author acknowledges the support of Creswell Heritage Trust for permission to undertake the
surveys within Church Hole in 2003, John Borland of the RCAHMS for discussion on illustration
and lighting techniques, and Dr Gavin Miller for discussion and comments on accessibility shading.
Image reproduction credits: All scans and data-processing were undertaken by Archaeoptics Ltd.
and are reproduced courtesy of Creswell Heritage Trust.
-46-- GW Home
- GW Links
- About GW
- Admissions
- Academics
- Research
- University Life
- News & Events
- Info For
- Students
- Alumni
- Faculty And Staff
- Parents
DNP Curriculums & Programs of Study
Below are specialty options for the DNP degree.
Post-Bachelor’s Options
- Doctor of Nursing Practice - Family Nurse Practitioner, part-time
- Doctor of Nursing Practice - Family Nurse Practitioner, full-time
- Doctor of Nursing Practice - Adult-Gerontology Primary Care Nurse Practitioner, part-time
- Doctor of Nursing Practice - Adult-Gerontology Primary Care Nurse Practitioner, full-time
Post-Master’s Options
- Doctor of Nursing Practice - Nursing Practice, part-time
- Doctor of Nursing Practice - Nursing Practice, full-time
- Doctor of Nursing Practice - Education Concentration
- Doctor of Nursing Practice - Executive Leadership
- Doctor of Nursing Practice - Family Specialty for Nurse Practitioners
- Doctor of Nursing Practice - Health Care Quality
- Doctor of Nursing Practice - Palliative Care Specialty for Nurse Practitioners
Program Requirements
Students who enter the DNP program at the post-Master's level are required to complete 36 semester hours of doctoral work. Students who enter the program at the post-Bachelor's level must complete the credit requirements for their concentration (Adult Nurse Practitioner, Family Nurse Practitioner, or Nursing Leadership and Management) before beginning doctoral coursework.
Core DNP Courses (30 credit hours)
- NURS 6202: Concepts in Population Health (3)
- NURS 8401: Organizational Concepts in Nursing (3)
- NURS 8402: Knowledge Management in Nursing (3)
- NURS 8403: Translating Research into Practice (3)
- NURS 8404: Research & Policy for Nursing (3)
- NURS 8405: Health Care Quality Improvement (3)
- NURS 8498: Research Project Proposal (3)
- NURS 8499: Clinical Research Project (6)
- NURS 6241: The Health Care Enterprise (3)
Elective Options (6 credit hours)
- NURS 6292: Teaching with Technology in the Health Professions (3)
- NURS 8406: Field Experience in Advanced Practice Nursing (3)
- NURS 8407: Grant Writing (3)
- NURS 8408: Topics in Pharmacology (3)
Family Specialty for Nurse Practitioners Courses (17 Credit hours)
- NURS 6226: Primary Care of the Family (5 credits)
- NURS 6227: FNP Clinical Practicum (1 credit)
- NURS 6228: Advanced Family Primary Care (5 credits)
Health Care Quality Courses (12 credits)
- HCQ 6214: Patient Safety Systems (3)
- NURS 6212: Quality Improvement Science (3)
- NURS 6213: Health Care Quality Analysis (3)
- NURS 8409: Healthcare Quality Practicum (3)
Education Concentration Courses (12 credits)
- HOL 6701: Adult Learning (3)
- HOL 6721: Assessing the Impact of Organizational Change (3)
- HOL 6742: Design of Adult Learning Interventions (3)
Palliative Care Nurse Practitioner Courses (13 credit hours)
Didactic Courses
- NURS 6276: Foundations of Palliative Care (3)
- NURS 6277: Pain and Suffering (3)
- NURS 6278: Chronic Illness Care (3)
Clinical Courses
Doctor of Nursing Practice - Executive Leadership (13 credit hours)Published: Mar 17, 2010 - 01:04 pm
Story Found By: annie7 18 great representation of how social media can help with SEO!
Great example of promotion through current events. Plus the social media/SEO overlap works well to drive traffic and increase visibility.
Great post Ann. interesting representation of social media and how i can help with SEOHow you can help
There are lots of things you can do to help bring an end to offroading in the Peak District:
- Join the PDGLA
- Write to the Chief Executive and the Chair of the Peak District National Park Authority (PDNPA) to complain about the danger and damage caused by offroading and the PDNPA’s failure to control it.The address is:PDNPA,
Aldern House,
Baslow Road,
Bakewell,
DE45 1AE.
- Write to your MP
- Write your Councillor if you live in one of the local authorities with members on the governing body of the Peak District National Park Authority.The authorities are:Barnsley Borough Council
Cheshire County Council
Cheshire East Borough Council
Derbyshire County Council
Derbyshire Dales District Council
High Peak Borough Council
Kirklees Borough Council
North East Derbyshire District Council
Oldham Borough Council
Sheffield City Council
Staffordshire County Council
Staffordshire Moorlands District Council.
If you see illegal and/or dangerous offroading, please report it to the Police. Try to note vehicle registration numbers. Always ask the Police for an incident number so they can record the incident.
The telephone to call is 101. The telephone number is the same no matter which county the incident takes place in.House of Cards.
* A lawyer hired by Rio Salado Crossing's planners to analyze the proposed stadium-use agreement determined that the deal would be dubious for the governments involved. He says it would be among the worst deals cut with an NFL team in recent memory.
* The cost and design of the football stadium continues to change, with price estimates ranging from $250 million to as high as $402 million. The fluctuating estimates raise the specter of significant cost overruns for an untested stadium design.
While the Cardinals have some influential allies--including the Tribune, the Mesa Chamber of Commerce and the business-dominated East Valley Partnership--they still have a tough sell to convince conservative Mesa voters to tax themselves for Rio Salado Crossing.
One retiree recently picked apart the project during a rally designed to drum up support.
"I think we should get down to basics," the gentleman said. "The underlying thing for this is the stadium for Mr. Bidwill. All the other stuff that is attached to it is in order to make it a little bit more palatable. So I think we in Mesa have to be a little careful. I don't think we need this thing. Let Bidwill build his own stadium."
The 150 or so retirees erupted with cheers and applause.
The Cardinals' representative had no response.
If not for the aggressive play of Tribune publisher Karen Wittmer, the stadium sales-tax proposition wouldn't be on the May 18 ballot. In January, negotiations between the Cardinals and the Rio Salado Crossing Multipurpose Facilities District had reached an impasse.
A little background: The Facilities District is a public body created by the municipalities of Mesa, Gilbert and Queen Creek to own and operate the stadium and convention center. Each city has appointed two representatives to the district board. Voters in Gilbert and Queen Creek will decide May 18 whether to allow a portion of state sales taxes collected within the district to be used for construction and operation of the stadium. Voters in Mesa will be asked the same question. But Mesa voters also will act on the proposed sales-tax increase to finance the $385 million bond. Since the district was created last summer, it has worked most closely with Mesa officials--it is, in essence, an extension of that city.
To break the stalemate between the district and the Cardinals, Wittmer summoned Mesa vice mayor John Giles and councilman Keno Hawker. About a dozen merchants who support Rio Salado Crossing were on hand that day--January 7--in Wittmer's office to watch the publisher and Cards' vice president Michael Bidwill strongarm the councilmen.
"She in very blunt terms told us we needed to lean on the district," Giles says.
The vice mayor says Wittmer and Bidwill demanded that he and Hawker convince Facilities District board members to support two provisions in a proposed stadium-use agreement that are potentially worth more than $160 million to the Cardinals.
Just the day before, Giles says, Facilities District director Marty Whalen had told the Mesa City Council that the district would not accede to Cardinals demands that the team be granted two plum provisions--half of the non-game-day parking revenue and the lucrative master development rights to the project.
Michael Bidwill told those gathered at the Tribune that without the two provisions, the stadium deal would be dead, Giles says.
"They appeared to be panic-stricken," Giles says. "They were concerned that the senior Mr. [Bill] Bidwill was going to take his ball and go someplace else."
Despite the pressure, Giles and Hawker declined to lobby Facilities District board members or Whalen.
Giles says he thought the deal the district wanted was equitable and that the non-game-day parking revenues and master development rights should remain with the city.
"The meeting apparently ended in failure because Keno and I were not willing to go and try to influence the district to back down on the use agreement," Giles says.
The next day, Wittmer hosted another meeting, spearheaded this time by Mesa Mayor Wayne Brown. Also attending were assistant city manager Mike Hutchinson, Facilities District director Whalen, Cardinals chief consultant Mike Rushman and Michael Bidwill.
By the end of the day, the Cardinals had their way. Whalen appeared to be pleased.
"My hat goes off to Mayor Wayne Brown and Tribune Publisher Karen Wittmer for bringing the parties together," a Cardinals' press release quoted Whalen as saying. The statement was misleading in that it purported to announce that a final use agreement for the stadium had been reached between the city, the Facilities District and the Cardinals.
Actually, the City Council has never approved the preliminary agreement.
Whalen says the district agreed it would give half of non-game-day parking income to the Cardinals only after the district collected enough money to cover all operating and maintenance expenses for the stadium and convention center.
"That puts the Cardinals behind a whole lot of other priorities," Whalen says.
The master development rights, Whalen says, still require further negotiations, and he expects the City of Mesa to receive a substantial fee for awarding those rights to the Cardinals.
Wittmer says her role in the negotiations was no different from any other "major business operator in the city."
While the Tribune's news analysis of Rio Salado Crossing has been anemic, at best, the paper's editorial support for the project has been effusive--and at times abusive toward those who would ask hard questions.
In a December 31 editorial, the paper berated the Facilities District's lawyer, Bill Sims, whom it blamed for causing the negotiations to stall. The paper was seconding Mayor Brown, who said of Sims' negotiating tactic, "I haven't had the impression he's trying to make a deal and I realize he's supposed to be working for us, but sometimes I wonder."
In the same editorial, the Tribune ridiculed longtime Mesa City Manager Charles Luster, stating, "Luster's penny-pinching could kill a winning municipal project."
The paper then suggested that "if Mayor Brown, who was elected on a promise to lift the city into the municipal big leagues, is frustrated with city management, then it's time for a long-overdue change."
With the Tribune's backing, Brown flexed his muscle during the crucial meeting, leaning on Whalen to accept the Cardinals' demands. Although Brown says he had little to do with the outcome, sources familiar with the meeting say Brown insisted that Whalen accommodate the Cardinals' requests.
Wittmer says she and other members of the Rio Salado Crossing Association, a private group supporting the project, want citizens to have the opportunity to vote on the $385 million sales tax. The association was concerned that the Cardinals and the district were not going to come to terms before January 14, which was the deadline for setting the May 18 special election.
The district already had postponed an election last fall because of questions over terms being proposed by the Cardinals.
"I personally don't want to see it killed by either side without giving the people in Mesa the opportunity to decide," Wittmer says.
The compromise reached that afternoon in Wittmer's office called for the district and the Cardinals to sign a Memorandum of Understanding that outlines the financial commitments by the Cardinals, the Facilities District and the City of Mesa. The Tribune deal also called for the City Council to vote to move forward with the special election--which the council dutifully scheduled the following week.
A key provision left out of the Tribune-brokered agreement, and so far largely ignored by the newspaper, is the requirement that that City Council also must approve the MOU.
In fact, the City Council could still reject the MOU even if voters approve the sales tax.
And at this point, a majority of council members--vice mayor Giles and councilmen Keno Hawker, Dennis Kavanaugh and Bill Jaffa--are opposed to key portions of the MOU.
The renegade councilmen want to debate the MOU in public before the May 18 election, Giles says.
"I think the time for doing it is now," he says. "We need to discuss both the good and bad parts of this project, so we need to have a good, open discussion on the merits of the MOU."
If the council waits until after the election to pass judgment on the MOU, and voters approve the tax, Giles says the council could be criticized for ignoring the voters' will.
"We will look like we are doing what the voters don't want us to do," he says.
Brown and councilman Jim Davidson are opposed to a vote on the MOU before the election.
"I don't see what that accomplishes," Brown says.
What it would do, Hawker says, is tell voters whether the council believes the pending agreement with the Cardinals is a good deal for taxpayers.
Hawker, who is exploring a run for mayor next year, is adamantly opposed to Rio Salado Crossing; he doesn't believe the city should subsidize a professional sports team.
The controversy over whether to debate the MOU before the election so far has played out during secret executive sessions. But there is mounting pressure to bring the issue to a council vote, which could occur this week.
Council objections to the MOU stem largely from worries that the economic bonanza envisioned by Rio Salado Crossing backers is grandiose.
"The numbers are a bunch of crap," says Jaffa, a certified public accountant.
Giles is appalled by the Cardinals' unwillingness to share the wealth.
"When you find out how greedy the Cardinals have been, it makes you sick," Giles says. "That's where they lost me. I was on board on this thing all the way until I found out about the details of the MOU."
Buried deep in the fine print of a document mentioned once in the MOU is a stunning chart titled "Rio Salado Crossing Project Recapture Tax Revenues."
The chart outlines how the Facilities District will increase and divert taxes that could steer more than $1.1 billion in public funds into the stadium and convention center project.
Of that total, more than $87 million in tax dollars could end up back in the Cardinals' bank account.
The $1.1 billion in tax funds earmarked for the Rio Salado Crossing project is more than four times the amount of money Maricopa County taxpayers contributed to Bank One Ballpark. That unpopular quarter-cent sales tax, levied by county supervisors in 1995, raised $243 million before expiring in December 1997.
Unlike the baseball stadium project, Mesa taxpayers will be forced to pay interest on $385 million in bonds that would be sold to finance construction of the stadium and convention center. Bank One Ballpark was built on a pay-as-you-go basis, not with long-term financing.
The actual cost to Mesa taxpayers of retiring the bonds at 5.5 percent interest over the projected 16-year repayment period is approximately $654 million. The bond and interest will be repaid through a quarter-cent sales tax hike and extension of the city's quarter-cent "Quality of Life" sales tax that is set to expire in 2006.
This is just the beginning of the public-funding pie that will be consumed by the stadium and convention center.
The Cardinals and the Facilities District are also seeking changes in a state law that would allow the district to keep $63 million in state sales taxes that would be generated over 10 years from construction of the facility and from sales by businesses located within the district. A bill pending is facing stiff opposition in the state Senate--particularly from East Mesa Senator Rusty Bowers, who is opposed to using state sales taxes for such projects.
Just how precarious is the stadium financing plan? If the Legislature refuses to allow the district to collect half of the state's 5 percent sales tax levied during construction (about $18 million) and immediately funnel the money back into the project, there won't be enough money to build the stadium and convention center.
"It won't work without the changes" by the Legislature, says Mesa finance director Larry Woolf.
If the financing plan gets past the sales tax election and the legislative tax break, an additional $423 million in taxes will be collected over 27 years without the approval of Mesa's voters or City Council, says Woolf, who prefers to call most of the taxes "surcharges."
The tax revenue is contingent on construction of two convention hotels totaling 2,250 rooms, a 750-room resort and 450,000 square feet of retail space adjacent to the stadium.
Nearly all of the $423 million will remain within the Facilities District rather than going to Mesa's general fund.
"What is typically being heard in Mesa is that the Crossings project is going to be an economic benefit for all of Mesa," councilman Keno Hawker says. "That's not accurate information. The money doesn't get distributed back into the general fund. It stays within the Rio Salado Crossing project to fund the operating and maintenance expense."
According to the financing plan, more than one-third of the $423 million in tax revenue--$163 million--would go to cover stadium and convention center operating losses, and to build up a capital reserve.
Once that's accomplished, the Arizona Cardinals are next in line to get tax dollars.
Under the MOU signed by the district, the team could receive more than $87 million by 2028 if tax income is sufficient to first cover maintenance and operational expenses.
The potential payment to the Cardinals is to cover the team's share of half of the non-game-day parking revenue, and compensation for a $650,000-a-year penalty the Cardinals must pay Tempe for breaking their lease at Sun Devil Stadium.
Any additional tax revenue--estimated at $216 million--will be plowed back into Rio Salado Crossing to be spent on projects approved by the district and the Cardinals.
Here's how the Facilities District plans to collect the $423 million in taxes:
* The district would siphon 75 percent of the city's existing 1 percent sales tax on all sales within the district rather than forwarding all the money to the Mesa general fund. Estimated diversion: $90 million.
* The district would siphon 90 percent of the city's existing 2.5 percent bed tax on all sales within the district rather than forwarding all the money to the general fund. Estimated diversion: $94 million.
* The district would divert 100 percent of the money raised from the new citywide quarter-cent sales tax (increasing to one-half-cent in 2006) for district operating expenses and non-game-day parking payments to the Cardinals rather than making payments toward the $385 million bond debt. Estimated diversion: $22.8 million.
* The district would levy and collect a new 3.5 percent bed tax on all sales within the district. None of the money will go to the Mesa general fund. Estimated diversion: $147 million.
* The district would levy and collect a new 2 percent food and beverage tax on sales within the district. None of the money will go to the general fund. Estimated diversion: $68.8 million.
The huge tax net cast by Mesa to finance and operate the stadium and convention center is unprecedented.
"This type of financing has not been done anywhere to this degree in the country," says assistant city manager Mike Hutchinson. "It's pretty innovative."
Councilman Keno Hawker, who holds an MBA from the University of Wisconsin, calls it something else.
"It's an ongoing subsidy forever," he says.
While the Facilities District could grab more than $1.1 billion in taxes to build and keep the stadium and convention center in the black, the Arizona Cardinals could see their bottom line fatten.
Exactly how much the team stands to gain is unclear. The Cardinals refused to respond to a half-dozen requests for interviews. Government officials imply they've asked to see details of the Cardinals' financial health, but none apparently have been turned over.
Under the terms of the MOU, the Cardinals would contribute $75 million to the construction of the stadium and pay $2 million a year in rent and other fees.
But the Cardinals could get most--if not all--of this money back within the first year of operation. Here's how:
The Cardinals' first big payday could come even before construction is completed. Under the terms of the MOU, the Cardinals can sell the naming rights for the stadium--a provision worth anywhere from $50 million to more than $100 million.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers cut the most recent NFL naming-rights deal and will earn up to $55 million over 18 years. Last year, Staples Office Stores agreed to pay $100 million for the naming rights to the Los Angeles Lakers' new arena. The Arizona Diamondbacks will get $66 million from Bank One for the naming rights to that stadium.
The naming-rights fee would be a significant windfall for the Cardinals, who for 10 years have played in Arizona State University's Sun Devil Stadium, where there is no naming-rights revenue.
Another bonanza lies in interior and exterior signage that would drape the stadium. If the Cardinals match the recent Buccaneers advertising contracts, they could expect another $8.3 million a year.
The team also would receive 100 percent of all tickets sales. If the Cardinals pack the house and sell tickets for an average of $45 apiece for 10 regular-season and exhibition games, that translates into $30.33 million a year.
This doesn't include anticipated revenue of $9 million a year from the leasing of luxury suites, or from sales of 7,000 premium box seats likely to bring in another $5 million a year.
The Cardinals would also be allowed to strike a concessions agreement worth millions of dollars a year. The team would not only get a cut of sales, but also premiums for awarding beverage rights for soft drinks, beer and other name brands.
The Cardinals would pick up 100 percent of game-day parking revenues. With an expected 20,000 parking spaces on district property, at $10 a space, the Cardinals should generate at least another $2 million a year. This would be a sharp increase from Sun Devil Stadium, where the Cardinals only earned $130,000 from parking last year.
Under the terms of the MOU, the Cardinals also stand to reap annual payments for their share of non-game-day parking revenues. The payments aren't guaranteed, but would occur only if the private development is built as planned.
The MOU financing plan shows a $2.175 million payment to the Cardinals in 2004, the stadium's projected first year of operation. The payments are projected to increase, reaching $4.5 million a year by 2028. The district payments to the Cardinals, which come from tax collections from adjacent businesses, are projected to total $87 million by 2028.
The non-game-day parking revenue would more than erase the Cardinals' annual $2 million payment to the district for rent and the district's cut of naming-rights proceeds.
The net result is that the public would pay the Cardinals $175,000 a year, with payments increasing over time, for the team to play in the new stadium.
This would be among the worst deals any government entity has struck with an NFL team in recent years, according to calculations prepared by Bill Sims, the Facilities District attorney and the target of Mayor Brown's wrath.
Finally, the Cardinals would get master development rights to the property surrounding the stadium. The team is expected to convey those rights to SunCor, a private development company that is affiliated with Arizona Public Service Company, the state's largest electric utility.
Larry Woolf, the Mesa finance director, says the development rights may be worth another $80 million.
At the same time the Cardinals boost revenue, the agreement slashes the team's expenses. The Cardinals convinced the Facilities District to cover all game-day expenses, projected at $930,000 the first year.
Moving into the new stadium should increase Cardinals' revenue by $20 million to $40 million a year over what the team collects at Sun Devil Stadium, says councilman Hawker--and this doesn't include non-game-day parking and development rights income.
The Cardinals' deal would make Jerry Colangelo and the Arizona Diamondbacks look like philanthropists in comparison.
"I have a newfound respect for Colangelo," says vice mayor John Giles after comparing the Diamondbacks' stadium deal with the one proposed for the Cardinals.
The Diamondbacks have assumed more than $130 million in ballpark construction expenses and pay about $10 million a year to maintain and operate Bank One Ballpark. The team also pays the district a percentage, albeit only 5 percent, on the sales from luxury suites and club seat premiums.
Colangelo declined to comment on the Cardinals' proposed stadium deal.
The Cardinals' lucrative financial arrangement doesn't seem to bother key Mesa officials.
Assistant city manager Mike Hutchinson, for one, expresses sympathy for the Cardinals.
Hutchinson says because the Cardinals are a "family business," the team is at a disadvantage against many NFL owners, such as the Ford family, which owns the Detroit Lions.
"They don't have that kind of money, and they are pretty up-front about it," Hutchinson says. "They took the position that this is the risk they are willing to take as a family business, which is what they are."
Except there is virtually no risk for the Cardinals.
The Cardinals, Mayor Brown and publisher Wittmer are selling Rio Salado Crossing on the premise that the 600,000-square-foot convention center will attract throngs who will stay at the luxury hotels and resort and run up expense-account tabs in nearby bars, restaurants and shops.
The fact that the Cardinals are refusing to contribute any funds to the operation and maintenance of the convention center and football stadium makes the success of the adjacent development crucial. Taxes generated from the businesses located there will be earmarked to cover operating losses from the convention center and stadium.
If there isn't enough tax revenue generated from the development to cover operating losses, then the Mesa general fund will have to absorb the shortfall.
This is not an outcome that public officials like to discuss.
"Let's say in a worst-case scenario we build the whole damn thing and got all the hotels there and nobody shows up. Then the city has got a white elephant on its hands," Facilities District director Whalen says.
The Cardinals have released a series of optimistic studies that conclude the convention center will draw hundreds of thousands of people each year and will trigger more than $1 billion a year in economic activity. This huge influx of cash would guarantee plenty of tax revenue to cover operating losses.
Few people appear to be taking the Cardinals' rosy estimates seriously.
"You can't have pie-in-the-sky optimism," says councilman Dennis Kavanaugh. "You have to have cold, hard skepticism about this project every step of the way."
Convention and hospitality industry experts agree Mesa is overoptimistic to think that construction of a convention center will guarantee a stream of conventioneers. It's a highly competitive market.
"I don't feel very good about what these guys are proposing out there," says Valley convention specialist Richard Warnick. "I don't have a very good sense this is a viable project."
The problem, Warnick says, is that it will take years to develop the hotels and retail businesses required by major conventions. Warnick and other convention experts say Rio Salado Crossing needs at least 5,000 hotel rooms to support the huge convention center it plans.
It's a chicken-and-egg dilemma, he says. Until the convention traffic is established, hotel developers will be hesitant to build that many rooms in an area that has nothing else to attract business.
"They have to create an artificial environment down there, and they have to do it all at once to make it an interesting and attractive place to be," Warnick says.
He predicts an uphill and costly struggle.
"There's going to be a lot of pain felt by the investors in this project, including the city," he says.
It's a mistake to assume that a convention center will guarantee construction of hotel rooms, says David C. Peterson, managing director of the Development Advisory Group for PriceWaterhouse & Coopers.
"The primary support for hotels is office space," Peterson says.
The Rio Salado Crossing plans plenty of office space--two million square feet--but that phase of the project is years down the road.
Peterson says the project backers are wise to link the stadium to a convention center.
"Politically, it is easier to generate support for a stadium if you can show benefits to the region as a result of convention activity," he says.
There is no doubt convention centers can be costly operations. The City of Phoenix is losing more than $12 million a year on the Phoenix Civic Plaza. The city subsidizes losses at the center to attract conventions in the cutthroat national convention market.
Not only has the city poured hundreds of millions of dollars into the convention center, but for decades the city has been unsuccessful in attracting a third major downtown hotel. The failure to land the hotel, Peterson says, lies not with the convention center, but with insufficient office space in Phoenix's central core.
Mesa councilman Keno Hawker points to the losses sustained by the Phoenix Civic Plaza, which is one-third the size of the proposed Crossing Convention Center, and worries that losses in Mesa could run far higher than the estimated $4 million to $10 million.
"We could be looking at losses of $20 million or $30 million a year," Hawker says.
Before the City of Mesa and the Facilities District agree to build and operate the stadium and convention center, there is another significant hurdle the Cardinals must cross.
The MOU requires the Cardinals to provide the city and facilities district with "adequate commitments" from developers to assure generation of enough tax revenues to cover expected operating losses.
"This project will not go forward unless there are construction contracts in place that will support the tax revenue streams we are told we are going to get," says councilman Bill Jaffa.
So far, the Cardinals claim to have more than $500 million in commitments from developers who want to build retail, residential and office buildings. How firm those commitments are, or if any money is on the table, is unknown.
"Developers are expressing interest, but I don't know what's behind the commitment," says Mesa finance director Woolf.
The key to the private development is the 1,250-room convention center headquarters hotel.
The Cardinals have not announced a deal with a developer to build what would be the largest luxury hotel in Arizona. The hotel is seen as the domino that would trigger additional private development, including another 1,000-room hotel and a 750-room resort to be built during the first four years of operation.
Nowhere in Arizona has such robust development ever occurred in such a short period of time.
Officials from Marriott Hotels have been holding discussions with Mayor Brown and the Cardinals for more than a year. Marriott is expected to conduct a feasibility study to determine whether to build a hotel if voters approve the sales-tax hike. Marriott officials did not return phone calls seeking comment.
The hotel feasibility study would be crucial to the project. If a prospective hotel developer finds the project too risky, the stadium deal collapses.
No hotel, no private development. No private development, no sales tax. No sales tax, no stadium.
"There are a lot of assumptions that have to come true for Rio Salado to work," says councilman Dennis Kavanaugh. "The biggest one is the hotel part of it to attract additional development. Will the hotel attract the kind of numbers the Cardinals say it will, and will the people spend the money? That's a very big part of the puzzle."
Marty Whalen slides into a restaurant booth and offers a warm smile and strong handshake.
Whalen was chief counsel for America West Airlines during its early days in the 1980s and is now chairman of the Mesa Planning and Zoning Commission. He's also director of the Rio Salado Crossing Multipurpose Facilities District, and since he was appointed to that post last summer, he's been a bureaucrat without an office--or even a file cabinet. So he uses the Denny's at Main Street and Dobson Road as a de facto office.
"It's amazing how many people conduct business at Denny's," Whalen says during an interview conducted under a din of children crying, dishes crashing and waitresses gossiping.
The district, which would own and operate the stadium and convention center, has no budget. All its expenses, which so far total more than $200,000, are being paid by the City of Mesa.
Given its lack of accouterments--there isn't even a dedicated phone line--it's not too surprising that the district has few details on the design and cost of the centerpiece of the project, the football stadium.
"There's been no value engineering at all," says Whalen. "We are still dealing with concepts."
And the concepts keep changing.
Determining the cost of the stadium would be crucial to the success of the project. There would be $507 million available for construction of the stadium, convention center and supporting infrastructure. The city, with voter approval, would provide $385 million from bond proceeds. The Cardinals would kick in another $75 million toward construction. An additional $47 million would be collected from interest earnings on the bonds and from the hoped-for state sales tax break pending in the Legislature.
If the stadium, convention center and infrastructure cost more than $507 million, somebody has to pick up the tab. But neither the stadium district nor the Cardinals nor the city is taking responsibility for cost overruns, which have plagued two other retractable-dome stadiums. Bank One Ballpark ran more than $90 million over budget, and a retractable-dome stadium in Seattle is $178 million--and counting--over budget.
Rio Salado Crossing's supporters want a private contractor to sign a maximum-price contract and assume responsibility for any cost overruns to build the stadium and convention center. No one knows if a contractor will actually bid on the project under such terms.
The football stadium would hardly be run-of-the-mill. The proposed design calls for a retractable roof and a removable natural-grass field. No stadium anywhere has combined both features.
Reams of Facilities District documents stored inside Mesa City offices reveal a dizzying array of cost estimates for the stadium.
Last summer, Huber Hunt & Nichols, Inc.--a national contractor with vast stadium-building experience, including Bank One Ballpark and the Seattle project--estimated the Cardinals' stadium would cost $352.8 million. HH&N has been providing construction advice to the Cardinals and the Facilities District in the apparent hope of becoming the exclusive builder for the project.
Ever-cautious Mesa City Manager Charles Luster (derided by the Tribune for penny-pinching) requested a second opinion from Bob Williams, who oversaw construction of Bank One Ballpark as director of the Maricopa County Stadium District.
Williams concluded last August that the Cardinals' "stadium cost estimate should be increased to the range of $402 million. . . . It is unlikely the costs will be less than that, and the potential is high for cost increases."
Williams also evaluated the overall cost of the convention center and infrastructure expenses and concluded the project needs a budget of $549.5 million--$42 million more than envisioned.
In the wake of Williams' gloomy assessment, designers have downsized the stadium by nearly 25 percent. Instead of the 2.1 million-square-foot football stadium that was originally proposed, the Cardinals' chief adviser--Vermont developer Michael Rushman--has scaled back the stadium to 1.6 million square feet, comparable in size to the new Tampa football stadium. The compression brings the projected cost to $329 million.
The latest stadium design calls for 67,400 seats, including about 7,000 premium seats. The stadium would also have approximately 90 luxury suites and would be capable of adding 11,000 temporary seats for special events such as bowl games. The retractable roof would be about half the size of the one in Bank One Ballpark. When the grass field is rolled outdoors for sunlight, the stadium would also double as a convention hall with 158,000 square feet of exhibit space if needed.
The main convention center, which will be attached to the stadium, is estimated to include a 350,000-square-foot exhibit hall and 250,000 square feet of meeting rooms and support space. The "no-frills" convention facility is projected to cost $90 million, a number Williams and HHN agreed was reasonable.
The murky cost estimates for the stadium, changing plans and the inherent uncertainties in building the prototype facility raise questions about whether the stadium the team is touting before the May 18 election would be the one actually constructed.
"That's a good question," says Facilities District board member Pat Gilbert.
Mesa assistant city manager Hutchinson says if the cost estimates to build the stadium come in too high, there would be three options: Cancel the project, have the Cardinals kick in more money, or cut back further on the design.
"You don't do the retractable dome. Or you don't do the field that goes in and out," he says.
But wouldn't such alterations in the scope of the project amount to a bait-and-switch on the public?
"Do those changes make it untenable? I don't know. We'll cross that bridge when we come to it," Hutchinson says.
A further wild card in the mix is that very little of the Cardinals' $75 million construction contribution must be forwarded to the district until two years into the project. The stadium is designed to come online first, four months before completion of the convention center.
A likely scenario arises in which construction cost overruns make it clear the contractor won't be able to finish both the stadium and the convention center on budget. Project supporters say that any cost overruns would be the responsibility of the contractor.
Nevertheless, the Cardinals could be in position to insist that their contribution go only toward completion of the stadium.
Mesa vice mayor Giles says cost overruns are inevitable, and a showdown with the Cardinals and the contractor is likely.
"We are looking at a project with a potential for huge cost overruns. Nobody has tried to build one of these before," Giles says.
The vice mayor predicts the Cardinals will play hardball if it appears there won't be enough money to finish both the stadium and the convention center.
"They are not going to be nice guys," Giles says. "It's a very scary deal."
Early on a March Sunday morning, the parking lot at the Riverview Municipal Golf Course is packed. The popular course is one of the most affordable in the Valley, costing only $13.75 to play a round of nine holes.
Nearby, four softball fields host a western regional tournament involving teams from as far away as Oregon.
On another field, a soccer tournament is under way--as it is every week from sunup to sundown. Young, mostly Latino men watch quietly from the sidelines as players bolt up and down the field.
The small fishing pond has attracted a half-dozen folks hoping to land a catfish.
Families unload children from minivans and sedans to celebrate a girl's sixth birthday. Parents push children in swings.
Jets roar overhead.
It's just another day at the park.
Most people randomly surveyed were unaware that the neighborhood park could become the site of the Arizona Cardinals' new stadium.
Asked if they thought it would be a good idea to build the stadium and pay the tax, the majority of folks said they didn't care one way or another, but said they probably wouldn't vote in the May 18 election.
"I don't give a shit," one man says while sitting on a Harley-Davidson motorcycle.
A few thought it would be a great benefit for the city, bringing economic growth and construction of an exciting place to go.
"I think it will help out the economy for Mesa," says Ted Ackerley as he walks to his car with a golf bag slung over his shoulder. "It's time for Mesa to step up to the plate."
Others were firmly opposed to losing the park and the inexpensive municipal golf course to make way for $100-a-round championship courses and the stadium and convention center.
"We like our park," says Nash Jaurejui, who lives across the street. "This is what we use for recreation. We are not too interested in paying taxes for big stadiums so other people can make money."
It appears the May 18 election--arguably the most important day in the Cardinals' team history--will be like most of its home games and attract only a small crowd.
For once, poor attendance may be a blessing for the team.Recent Posts
Archives
Categories
Meta
Monthly Archives: November 2013
Editor’s Note
The holidays provide us time for relaxation and reflection. 2013 was a great year! Our talented ambassador corps logged thousands of miles attending festivals. Virginia Wine Club President Stewart Reynolds and I had the privilege to touring and tasting the … 
Posted in editor's note Leave a comment
Vincabulary – Méthode Champenoise (Champagne Method)
First Fermentation: Still wines are blended for Champagne. Cuveé is allowed to ferment from 2 weeks up to 5 months. Second Fermentation: A bottling Dosage (spirits and sugar) and special yeasts are added and are immediately bottled and corked. Disgorging … 
Posted in Tasting Notes Leave a comment
Roundabout Cellars Arc De Triomphe 2011
The Arc de Triomphe de l’Étoile is one of the most famous monuments in Paris France. In taking this name Roundabout Cellars, much like France, is stating this as their signature wine. Unlike its namesake, I would not call Roundabout … 
Posted in Tasting Notes Tagged red blend, roundabout cellars Leave a comment
Roundabout Cellars Crossroads 2011
Virginia is clearly making a name for itself with blended red wines. The vast majority of the Gold Medalists in the 2013 Governor’s Cup competition were red wine blends. Roundabout Cellars 2011 Crossroads is a slightly different take on blended … 
Posted in Tasting Notes Tagged red blend, roundabout cellars Leave a comment334 comments found
Hi,
A couple of more things
1 – How do I add the sponsors to show on the home page? 2 – How do I alter the program headers to go from the standard blue to another colour?
Thanks!
do you have an update on the twitter feed widget?
Hi, yes, the Twitter update will come along with the next theme’s update. Thank you.
Where can I change the date for the downloadable ticket. It always appears as 01/01/1970. thanks
Hi,
please check in event’s settings, these options:
Cheers!
Hello. Event dates are fine. Ticket dates however show 01/01/1970. See picture of ticket.
Please open a ticket at with a temporary admin account, we’ll take a look. Thanks.
I want to insert an image and add a link to the image. I disabled PrettyPhoto Lightbox. It is still trying to open the image and link does not work. Please help?
Try to erase wp-image class when inserting the image
Hi Virus,
I use qtranslate on my wordpress, but it seems that your custompost under “PressEvent custom post builder” doesn’t support it (Example: ”<!
-:fr->French Text< -:en->English text<! -:->” this will output: “French TextEnglish Text”
Any way to fix this?
Thanks in advance
Pat
Hi Pat, please open a ticket at and give us more details, like what exactly you wanted to translate. Cheers!
Is this theme compatible with WordPress 3.5.2? I am being asked to upgrade but want to assure that this won’t cause any issues with my site. Thank you.
Yes, it’s totally compatible, thank you for you question!
Hi,
1)Is the Theme able to display the last 6 events on the Home Page? 2) Can we categorize the events per location and type (business, concert, etc)? 3)Are we able to display a search box in the Home Page and perform a search filtering by Location/Type of event? 4)Can we display the maps(venue address) in the event page?
Thanks, Pablo.
Hi,
1. Yes, you can. 2. of course, Events have categories, so you may use that to sort them. 3. Search box is the default one, so you may need a plugin for that (or some code, if you know coding). 4. Yes, it has Google Maps included.
Hope that was it. If you have any more questions, please let us know! Cheers!
Hi, that login logs you into the site, so you could have access to some features. No, unfortunately this theme does not have front submission. Cheers!
Hi, I am just wondering how to change the widget headings font? I have tried it in the theme settings and custom CSS however it still won’t change. If you could please kindly give me the right CSS coding that would be great. Thank you kindly in advance.
Hi,
of course, no problem. You can add next snippet in your Custom CSS box:
h4.widget-title, h5.widget-title { background-color: red; font-size: 40px; font-family: Arial; color: blue; }
Of course, those are just demo values – edit colors, size and so on
Cheers!
Followed the instructions
Imported the file…
got this message
Failed to create new user for Alexandru Guzun. Their posts will be attributed to the current user. Failed to import Media “7887557-4”
Failed to import Media “7887557-6”
Failed to import Media “7887557-2”
Failed to import Media “}Pg?xQ”
Failed to import Media “}Pg?xQ”
Failed to import Media “}Pg?xQ”
Failed to import Media “}Pg?xQ”
Failed to import Media “}Pg?xQ”
Failed to import Media “525-2”
Failed to import Media “55427254”
Failed to import Media “525-5”
Failed to import Media “7887557-7”
Failed to import Media “7887557-9”
Failed to import Media “7887557-35”
Failed to import Media “ubuntu1”
Failed to import Media “womanonwhite1”
Failed to import Media “shutterstock_73814629”
Failed to import Media “washingtonp”
Failed to import Media “responsive5”
Failed to import Media “7887557-34”
Failed to import Media “reponsiv1”
Failed to import Media “ipod1”
Failed to import Media “53742280invers”
Failed to import Media “presentation5”
Failed to import Media “53742280invers”
please advise…. is there a working file somewhere?
I found a reference to for updated demo content on page 9 of these comments (10 months ago) about updated content but am assuming these were integrated into the download.
Issues with the content files: – fails to download images – menu items seem to point to another site that has a blank wordpress install on it.
None of this is any help
Hi,
I re-created the XML, please check this one:
Cheers!
Nope, unfortunately we do not have the multi-event already, so you have to insert manually your content. Cheers!
Demo content is just for demonstration purposes. What do you want to achieve? Do you have any difficulties with an option or something?
Gee, I’m sorry, I didn’t realize it was too much to ask that your demo content files actually install without errors.
Many of us use demo content to speed up deployment, if there are errors in your files then it make us wonder if we purchased the right product especially with a theme like this that can be deployed in 2 different ways where the documentation is … lacking.
I understand that and I am totally agree, but… what second different way of displaying Evento? We do not have a site configured differently than our demo , from where I could grab a different XML… that multi-event site is down already more than a half of the year. Now we are selling this theme, with this demo. If you bought this theme so much time ago – why are you using it now – is it for a second site? If yes, do you have any licence for that?
Not that I should have to explain this (and you will regret asking me to) but I bought the theme some time ago for the multievent version for.
I purchased the site specifically for the multievent version that you provide broken demo content for in the CURRENT download.
At that time as well the install files were all broken… requests were made my myself and others to fix them… I got tired of waiting for a reply and moved on to other projects.
I hadn’t realized it until you mentioned it but we are now half a year after my purchase date and you still have yet to fix the demo content in the downloaded files for either the single event site or the multievent site.
Is this an indicator of the level of quality and customer service we should expect from CosmoThemes for the themes you sell here?
If so please let me know and I’ll avoid making any future purchases from you.
“The demo you see here is included in the demo content. surerank is speaking about a multi-event site (another demo) that was some months ago, and is alreadu deprecated.”
Depreciated? What does that mean?
Evento has the ability to support multiple events. Unfortunately we do not have dummy content for that. Just deleted from our library those XMLs… sorry for skipping it in the uploaded archive. We kindly ask you to use our Ticketing System for any of your questions. Just submit a request. It’s fast and free. Also, you can visit our forums too, maybe your question was already answered, or Tips&Tricks section! Thank you!
How do I change the email address from which registration confirmations are sent? Currently they are sent from a wordpress@”mydomain.com” email account I haven´t setup.
Hi,
that’s the WP default behavior. Please search for a plugin that can modify this email. Cheers!
The demo content doesn’t work? Does the theme work? How would you know if everything was working with no demo content to reference?
The demo you see here is included in the demo content. surerank is speaking about a multi-event site (another demo) that was some months ago, and is alreadu deprecated. How would I know? I am working on a localhost, where the content is uploaded with the same XML. And it works. Cheers!
Hello,
I’m having an issue with the slideshow when using IE8. The slideshow is not showing and it just leaves a big white box. I also noticed the issue persisted when using the demo.
Thank You Kyle
Hi Kyle,
can you please send us a link to your site, so we could test? I tried IE8 on our demo and the slideshow works just fine
Also please verify your browser’s settings – it need to be in IE8 standard, not less. Cheers!
I’m looking to buy this, but want to make sure these things.
1.Does this theme do multi-events? 2.What is the latest wordpress version its compatible with? 3.Is there a way to install the demo and just recreate it that way easily? 4.Utilizing the paypal or etc is there a way to give access to a protected page after the payment? ie: until a client pays via paypal they won’t have access to a page that has the ticket to print out or info or etc
Thank you
Hi,
1. You can add multiple events (there is a custom post – Event).
2. It’s compatible with WP3.6 (please see Change log at the bottom)
3. Yes, you can re-create the demo, we have it’s XML and settings.
4. This is not implemented in the theme.
Cheers!
Thank you Virusnac
I have events with different pricing for public, alumni and students. If I have to create a separate event for each price, it would be nice to be able to duplicate the event so I don’t have to recreate the whole thing. Is there an easier way to create multiple price options?
Unfortunately not, you have to dig into the code. Sorry.
Hi,
I’m using the theme on this site so far: aspbtagung.de
I have a few problems I couldn’t solve myself so far.
1) What settings do I have to change so pictures get not resized? E.g. on the speaker page () the images for every person are huge, I just want them in their original size. I also do not want that + icon.
2) On the speaker page and presentation categories page (e.g.) and others there’s always the post meta which I don’t want. Where would I have to change that.
3) How can I turn off the hover effect in the sponsors sidebar. I only want the images without any links and any moving while hovering over them.
4) How can I insert a link to all presentations of one speaker on their respective page without having to pick them manually from the Posts lists options. Is there a shortcode option or a little php snippet I could use?
5) I can’t seem to be able to change the headlines of pages like this: I’ve added .entry-title h1 {color:#00f50a;} but it does not have any effect. What am I doing wrong here? The same with the hover color. I looked up every option in the CSS file where the color is changed and put them all in the custom CSS and changed the color there again. This did not work.
6) Is there a way to sort the speakers differently? Right now they’re sorted by the date they were created but I would like to have them sorted alphabetically.
I think that covers most of the problems I still have, hope you can help me out.
Thanks!
Hi,
1. Try to add this CSS line into your Custom CSS box:
That will stop image re-size, and hide that PLUS sign
2. See the link below for the CSS that hides meta.
3. See the link below for the CSS that stops moving effect: For link modification please see \PressEvent\lib\widget\sponsors.php file, searching
4. No, unfortunately there is not option or snippet available.
5. The correct selector is “h1.entry-title” .
6.
Cheers!
Hi
Is there an example of this theme somewhere with multiple events – would be good to see how it looks with more than one event?
Thanks
Hi,
we have to build it, please revise our demo in a couple of days, hope we’ll solve this out. Thank you for taking into consideration our theme!
Hello, in the pressevent theme how can I make the logo to fit the width of the page in the header section, or at least to make it bigger both in width and height to fit the white area.
Hi,
can you please send us a link to your site, so I could see what logo do you have, and what space you want to fill? Thank you.
this is the link for the site:!
i have been using woo commerce cart plugin but due to its inbuilt plugin of paypal….the cart is not shown on page…plzz suggest some possible soln to rectify this
Hi,
are you asking about a certain theme? I do not see “purchase” tag and I do not know to what theme are you referring? Is it PressEvent? CheerS!
ya i have purchased the theme pressevent via different account(actually its my boss’s account) and i m working on it….. my question is for this theme only -The press event
PressEvent was not designed for WooCommerce, so It may result some errors along the good functioning of this plugin. Unfortunately we have no time resources to investigate the problem, please see plugin’s manual and support forums toward this issue. Thank you for your understanding. Have a good day.
You can add the sponsors by enabling first in theme option -> Mainpage to show widgets then in Appearance ->Widgets add the sponsors widget to the sponsors sidebarMissouri Stroke Program
MU's Comprehensive Stroke program is a new multi-disciplinary approach for treating any types of strokes or stroke related illnesses. "TIME LOSS IS BRAIN LOSS" for any stroke victim. Our comprehensive program allows us to provide efficient care and strives for.
University of Missouri Health System has assembled a multidisciplinary stroke team in order to provide comprehensive stroke care to our patients from acute stroke presentation to rehabilitation.
MU's stroke program was rated "Gold Plus With Honor Roll" by the American Heart Association and American Stroke Association for 2014.
MU Health Care has been designated a Level I stroke center, the highest state recognition a hospital can receive.
Multidisciplinary stroke team includes:
- Vascular Neurologists
- Emergency Med Physicians
- Neurologists
- Neurosurgeons
- Neuro-Interventionalists
- Neuro-Radiologists
- Pathology-laboratory
- Intensive care team
- Acute response TIGER Team
- Stroke unit nursing team
- Pharmacy
- EMS
- Rehabilitation including Physical and occupational therapy.
Our Mission
In keeping with the mission, vision, and values of the institution, the goals of our stroke program are to:
- Provide compassionate, timely, comprehensive, patient centered care to stroke patient.
- Provide patient, family, community and professional education.
- Provide and participate in Stroke research.
- Achieve comprehensive stroke center designation from the state of Missouri and The Joint Commission.
- Establish Regional Stroke network in central Missouri.
Core Team Members
Niranjan N. Singh, MD
Director, Missouri Stroke Program
Ashish Nanda, MD
Co-Director, Missouri Stroke Program
Brandi French, MD
Medical Director, Inpatient Neurosciences Center
Vikas Gupta, MD
Neurointerventionalist
William Humphries, MD
Neurosurgery
Diane Hunt, RN, CNRNTami Harris, RN, CNRN
Stroke Program Coordinator
Stroke Program Nurse
Debbie Self
Stroke Program Support Staff
Other members include departments of:
- Neurology
- Neurosurgery/ Surgery
- Emergency Medicine
- Neuroradiology/ Radiology
- Intensive Care/ Medicine & TIGER team
- Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
- Laboratory/ Pathology
- Pharmacy & Stroke unit nurses
Patient Education
What is stroke?
A stroke occurs when a blood vessel that carries oxygen and nutrients to the brain is either blocked by a clot (ischemic stroke) or bursts (hemorrhagic stroke). Without the oxygen carried by the blood, brain cells begin to die immediately. Stroke is the third-leading cause of death in the United States and the leading cause of adult disability. More than 750,000 people experience a stroke each year.
What is T.
What are the risk factors?
Men have a slightly higher risk of stroke, but women have a greater chance of dying from one. African Americans have the greatest risk, as their chances are double those of whites. Also, mini-strokes, high blood pressure, obesity, diabetes and smoking greatly increase your risk.
What are the signs of stroke?
- Sudden onset trouble walking
- Sudden onset difficulty in speaking
- Sudden onset weakness, numbness or tingling on one side of the face or body
- Sudden onset blurry vision in one or both eyes
- Sudden, severe headache with no known cause
If you notice even one of these symptoms, even if it goes way, do not wait. Call 911 immediately.Jazz and AT&T Team Up to Beautify Downtown Salt Lake City
The Utah Jazz and AT&T have teamed up on a mural that will be installed on the exterior of the Artspace Bridge Projects in downtown Salt Lake City. The community art project was created by local residents and youth from The Road Home shelter with an assist from Jazz forward and artist Jeremy Evans. The project highlights community building through the power of art and is part of the Jazz and AT&T’s shared commitment to youth development and community enrichment.
“I’ve loved art for as long as I can remember. This project is a great way to encourage creativity among local youth while helping to beautify our city,” said Evans. “I enjoyed working with the group to create something that they can be proud of and that will be on display for the entire community to enjoy for years to come.”
Art Access, a non-profit organization that offers inclusive arts programming for Utahns with disabilities and those with limited access to art, helped to facilitate the project. The organization will also receive a $10,000 donation courtesy of AT&T’s “Assisting the Community” program, which features a $5 donation from AT&T for every assist made by the Utah Jazz during the 2013-14 season.
The completed mural, measuring 12-by-5 feet and comprised of more than 200 ceramic tiles, will be unveiled during a special public ceremony at the Artspace Bridge Projects later this spring.Esperanza Rising by Pam Munoz Ryan
Don't forget Tom by Hanne Larsen
Annie and Helen by Deborah Hopkinson
Fifty cents and a dream by Jabari Asim
Seeing Things My Way by Carol S. Carter
Earthquake by Milly Lee
Popcorn: Poems by James Stevenson
This information is loading.
Loading may take as much as a minute if it hasn't been updated recently.
Recently-added books
AleciaDesselle's reviews
Reviews of AleciaDesselle's books, not including AleciaDesselle's
Use the new design
Use the old design
The old design is no longer fully supported nor does it get full attention when we roll out new features. We strongly recommend
using the new design.
CollectionsYour library (98), Week One (6), All collections (104)
Reviews92 reviews
Tagsfiction (33), family (33), multi-cultural (25), non-fiction (22), e (20), gr. k-3 (19), acceptance (13), biography (12), poetry (12), black history month (11) — see all tags
Cloudstag cloud, author cloud, tag mirror
GroupsChildren's Literature spring 2014, SPRING 2013 Children's Literature
Favorite authorsNot set
Account typepublic, free
URLs
/profile/AleciaDesselle (profile)
/catalog/AleciaDesselle (library)
Member sinceJan 16, 2013or Join Now!
Whistle Tutorial #1: History and Prehistory
TURNED WHISTLES TUTORIAL CAN BE FOUND HERE.
ROUTED WHISTLES TUTORIALS COMING SOON
ROUTED WHISTLES TUTORIALS COMING SOON
My first blog post. Please bear with me as start it with a little story.
Everyone knows that prehistoric whistles have been discovered that were made from hollowed sticks or bird bones. Although I don’t go back as far as prehistory, my first whistle was also made from a hollow stick. I kind of like the thought of how long people have been making and using whistles.
I vividly remember the day I got my first wooden whistle – which means I probably imagined most of it. I was about 4 years old, and we were off on a family vacation visiting my grandparents’ farm. My brothers were out loading the hay wagon with Grandpa, and my dad, being the smart man that he was, decided it would be a good day to teach me, his youngest, how to fish. While my brothers were out laboring and sweating in the hot summer sun, Dad and I relaxed in the cool shade on the creek bank not catching fish. After a time, Dad reached into his pocket, drew out his knife, and went to work on a stick. Moments later, he handed me my very first wooden whistle. I can still see his smile now. Can you imagine the awe I felt when I blew into it and heard its sweet little toot? Probably about the same as any kid throughout history or prehistory who was given such a cool gift. My old man was a magic making god that day! I miss my Dad.
———————-
On to the tutorial:
This won’t be quite like the whistle Dad made for me, mostly because I have no idea how he hollowed the stick with just his pocket knife. I suspect it had something to do with the species of tree and it being a very green branch. Besides, I am a modern woman with Power Tools and technology.
First, I needed to fetch a stick. I couldn’t get the idea across to any of my dogs, so I wandered outside and Googled the yard for what I needed. This looked like a likely candidate.
———-
I brought the branch inside and cut it to a suitable length for a whistle. About 4” for this one. 5” or 6” probably would have been better. Short = shrill.
——-
I used the drill press with a 3/8” bit and drilled down about 3”. You can use whatever method you have at hand to make the hole. It doesn’t have to be straight or centered; just get it at least 3” deep for a good tone. The important thing is not to drill all the way through.
———
I sawed a notch to reach to about half, or a little less, the diameter of the hole I drilled. I made it about 1/2” from the end. The cut nearest the end should be vertical, and the other cut angled into it from about 1/2” away. I’ll bet one of those Japanese saws would work better than my little hacksaw. A bandsaw also works well.
Next, I rounded down a piece of dowel on my belt sander, sizing it down so it was a snug fit in the hole drilled in the stick. (It doesn’t have to be a dowel, just a piece of wood. And there are lots of ways you can do this; you could even whittle it.) It only needs to reach in as far as the notch. After I got a good fit, I sanded one side flat a little longer than the length it would reach inside the whistle. It is difficult to explain how much the flat needs to be sanded—it works based on the relationship between it and how deep you made the notch—somewhere between 1/32” and 1/8”. Trust me, it does not have to be all that exact. Start with only a little flat and sand it down further if necessary when you test it. I also recommend leaving a little extra length to use as a handle for glue up.
Now you get to test it. It is a little bit awkward with the “handle” on there, but the dowel (we’ll call it a “plug” from now on for confusion’s sake) gets pressed into the “tube” of the whistle. The flat side goes up and the inside end of the plug should line up with the vertical cut on the notch. Give yours a try! Blow through it and see what kind of sound you get. If it is too airy sounding.
We’re almost there. Once you get the placement of the plug that produces the best tone, pull it out and put a drop or two of CA (super glue) on the plug and hold it in place for a few seconds for the glue to set. Don’t use more than a couple of drops or it will clog the airway. Also, don’t get in a hurry to test it again. Do NOT put your lips anywhere near it until the glue is completely dry!! Trust me on this; you’ll either end up with a very painful lesson on glue or give the ER doc a good laugh as your lips are being surgically separated from a stick—possibly both!
All that is left is cutting off the handle and you have a whistle! You can whittle down on the bottom side of the mouthpiece or carve a heart and initials in it if you want. Whatever makes you happy. :)
————Have a good time! Go on a toot!!
That was fun for me; I hope it was for you. Most important, I hope you can figure out how to make a whistle from these instructions. I’ll get busy on the other Toots shortly. Maybe even with precise measurements next time. And who knows, possibly a video.
This is dedicated to my dad and all the other men and women who take the time to share some magic moments with a kid that will be a happy memory they can carry with them forever.
Thank you
Mary Anne
home | projects | blog
1058 posts in 2107 days
By subscribing to the RSS feed you will be notified when new entries are posted on this blog.
tutorial
whistle
toot
tootorial
stick whistle
Abbott
2570 posts in 2202 days
#1 posted 05-05-2010 11:08 PM
Sweet, I was waiting for you to post this. I didn’t know you would have it so soon.
-- Ohh mann...pancakes and boobies...I'll bet that's what Heaven is like! ♣ ♣ ♣ ♣
Cher
936 posts in 1992 days
#2 posted 05-05-2010 11:15 PM
Excellent blog and a lovely story. Thanks for your trouble Mary Anne. I am going to try this out tomorrow.
Looking forward to your next blogs.
ps Where do you get time for all the projects you have been busy with lately?
-- When you know better you do better.
Dan Lyke
1501 posts in 3024 days
#3 posted 05-06-2010 12:01 AM
Awesome! I’m always looking for projects for when the neighborhood kids come knocking on the door, this is perfect for that.
-- Dan Lyke, Petaluma California,
TopamaxSurvivor
15666 posts in 2575 days
#4 posted 05-06-2010 12:31 AM
Toot Toot, make a hoot!! :-)) I remember my first wooden whistle. I must have been about 6 or 7. The fellow who made it used green willow sticks. He took a piece about 5 or 6 inches long. He ringed it with his knife, tapped on the bark until about 3 or 4 inches slid off. He cut a piece off the round about a ¼ or 3/8 inch deep. Then he slid the bark back onto the stick and cut a “V” knock about ¾” from the end on the side with the piece taken off. He whittled the end off at a 54 to make the mouth piece. It took longer for me to type this than it did for him to make one. He was with us on a field trip form school. He turned out dozens of them that day.
-- Bob in WW ~ "some old things are lovely, warm still with life ... of the forgotten men who made them." - D.H. Lawrence
ellen35
2626 posts in 2331 days
#5 posted 05-06-2010 01:02 AM
That was a wonderful story that makes these toots all the more meaningful for you and for us.Thanks for the great tootorial.Ellen
-- "Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good." Voltaire
dustbunny
1149 posts in 2194 days
#6 posted 05-06-2010 01:28 AM
This was tootrific !This looks real simple,I may give this one a go.Toot on Mary Anne…
Lisa
-- Imagination rules the world. ~ Napoleon Bonaparte ~
patron
13356 posts in 2240 days
#7 posted 05-06-2010 02:11 AM
toot much !and good toot see kids come in all sizes ,
and ages !
-- david - only thru kindness can this world be whole . If we don't succeed we run the risk of failure. Dan Quayle
#8 posted 05-06-2010 02:30 AM
I look forward to seeing how you all do making stick whistles. I hope you’ll share some pictures when you do! Stories, too. I love a good story if you hadn’t figured that out already.
Cher,Having the time to do what I want is the trade off for being retired because of disability. I’ve got lots of time on my hands, but not always the health to use it as I would like. I’ve been feeling pretty good lately—and taking full advantage of it. There are just SO many things I want to do!
Dan,Until I moved to my current, more secluded corner of the world, my house was the place the neighborhood kids hung out. Opening my garage door was like hanging an open house sign! I suspect whistles will be a hit with your neighborhood kids, if not their parents.
Ellen,I’m glad you appreciated the story. I almost didn’t tell it, but when I thought about it, it’s the stories that make these simple things special.
Bob,You got it. I was thinking that first little whistle of mine might have been willow. And like you said, it takes longer to describe one than the actual making. Same with writing a toot, a few minutes in the shop and a long time at the computer. I’m glad you remembered your first whistle, too. Thanks for sharing your story.
Lisa,Oh yeah, simple! Otherwise this rookie wouldn’t be giving a Tootorial!
Patron,Heh, you have me pegged! I confess I have happily tooted my whistle all day.Not that I am a kid. It was strictly research for this Tootorial.
PurpLev
8476 posts in 2547 days
#9 posted 05-06-2010 02:41 AM
fantastic! definitely give this one a try when I get some shop time. thanks for the post, delightful!
-- ㊍ When in doubt - There is no doubt - Go the safer route.
#10 posted 05-06-2010 02:42 AM
Oops…I meant you made it look simple ; )I have 2 1/2 acres of sticks ,and now I must honor your challenge.Stay posted…
#11 posted 05-06-2010 03:58 AM
I feel so much better, Lisa. hahaha
Since I am committed to making your quilt designs, I may have to challenge you to all three types of whistle. ;)
Rustic
3183 posts in 2495 days
#12 posted 05-06-2010 03:58 AM
looks toot sweet to me
--, Rick Kruse, Grand Rapids, MI
RichardH
295 posts in 1901 days
#13 posted 05-06-2010 04:12 AM
great job – I will definitely make a whistle! Parents all over the neighborhood beware :-)
Cheers,Richard
-- "It's supposed to be hard. If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it...It's the hard that makes it great."
sras
4068 posts in 2028 days
#14 posted 05-06-2010 04:14 AM
I enjoyed your story and instructions. Thanks for sharing!
-- Steve - Impatience is Expensive
scrappy
3506 posts in 2329 days
#15 posted 05-06-2010 07:36 AM
Mary Anne,Tank you so much for taking the time to do this blog. I am sure my kids will hate you for it after I make whistles for the grand kids. hahaha Just kidding. I appreciate the story behind your first whistle also.
Thanks Again.
Scrappy
-- Scrap Wood's the best...the projects are smaller, and so is theBeing served by a good waiter makes you feel important, much like hearing people talk about something you did over a grocery store's intercom. Get what's coming to you with this Groupon.
Being served by a good waiter makes you feel important, much like hearing people talk about something you did over a grocery store's intercom. Get what's coming to you with this Groupon.
Choose from Four Options
- $15 for $30 worth of lunch for two
- $30 for $60 worth of lunch for four
- $25 for $50 worth of dinner for two
- $50 for $100 worth of dinner for four
Click to see the lunch and dinner menus.
Sustenio
Cuisine Type: Modern Mediterranean
Established: 2011
Reservations: Recommended
Handicap Accessible: Yes
Number of Tables: 25–50
Parking: Parking lot
Most popular offering: Steaks, seafood, and pasta
Kid-friendly: Yes
Alcohol: Full bar
Delivery / Take-out Available: Take-out only
Outdoor Seating: Yes
Pro Tip: Validated valet parking
Chefs Stephan Pyles and Mike Collins have combined their talents to craft a menu of modern Mediterranean cuisine that highlights locally sourced ingredients. Chef Collins wanted to appeal to as broad an audience as possible, and it shows; seafoods, pastas, pizzas, and charcuterie selections all appear on the menu. That said, he specifically recommends the grilled swordfish, which he flavors with capers and coriander and serves with fried artichokes. And for couples, there's always the bistecca florintina, which makes a meal for two from 40 ounces of prime porterhouse steak carved tableside.
The Gist
What some people are buzzing about:
Tips
80% of 128 customers recommend
“Very nice dinner with a great menu, the food was wonderful and beautifully presented.”
“Great food, great place for business meeting, or nice dinner away from kids. ”
“Very nice, elegant meal with excellent considerate service.”
- 1
17103 La Cantera Pkwy
San Antonio, TX 78256
+12105982900Get DirectionsI’m sure this is considered blasphemy by many BBQ purists, but I had some boneless, skinless chicken I needed to use up, so I threw it in a crockpot and covered it with chicken broth and let it do its thing. When it was done, I removed the chicken and pulled it into shreds. I added a Memphis-style barbeque sauce, put it on a bun, and topped it with a slaw made with cabbage, shredded apple, raisins and some mayo.
Yeah. I think I’ll be making that again.
I don't see a BBQ violation here.
Now if it had been brisket you abused like then you'd have cause to worry.
(That crock pot method works great for pulled pork too.)
Yum!
Thy BBQ shall have meat, and Pork shall be it's name. Amen
As a high holy priest of the church of the roasted swine, I, like Alan, see no violation either. Just as long as you do make the distinction between the various meats to be cooked.
Sorta like a reformed Druid, you can pray at bushes.......
So one should tell the Matriarch of the Tribe how to Cook and Feed her Family, especially when She is Armed? I ain't THAT Stupid! It does sound yummy, though.
Chicken is not in heavy rotation on the dinner menu at Casa R. While waiting in line at a fast food restaurant, SH was heard to say “I don’t know if I want chicken, or if I want meat”. I informed him that in most cultures, chicken was considered meat. Also, due to an unfortunate incident when SH was still living at home, he can no longer eat chicken *on* the bone. This incident involved pieces of chicken, flour, cold oil and a pressure cooker.
Next time, but the sauce in the crockpot with the chicken.
-SayUncle
" ... when SH was living at home *when he was younger"*, he can no longer ..."
It wasn't me. I would have never thought to make fried chicken in a pressure cooker.
SayUncle: I'd thought of that, but was afraid the sauce would burn. Next time I'll just dump a can of Coke over it like I do with pork.
I also like using leftover chicken, shredding it, and adding Mexican spices. Makes good chicken tacos.
Yep, sauce, chicken, crockpot. You can skip a step.
Sounds like pulled pork, only with chicken. Now, you've got my head a'thinking.
Ha! Turing word: Cumin. Now my head is really a'thinking.
You've reminded me of country comedian, and champion banjo-picker, Mike Snider's hilarious lament, "Look What They've Done to the Dominecker Chicken!" Mike marvels at the absurdity of trying to sell people a chicken's fingers, and wonders what parts of the chicken the nuggets were cut from.Are you sure you want to leave this community? Leaving the community will revoke any permissions you have been granted in this community.
Using a polymerase chain reaction strategy we identified a serine proteinase inhibitor (serpin) in human bone marrow that is related to the cellular serpin proteinase inhibitor 6 (PI-6) and the viral serpin cytokine response modifier A (CrmA). This serpin, proteinase inhibitor 9 (PI-9), has an unusual reactive center P1(Glu)-P1'(Cys), which suggests that it inhibits serine proteinases that cleave after acidic residues. The only known serine proteinase with this specificity is granzyme B, a granule cytotoxin produced by cytotoxic lymphocytes. To test the interaction of PI-9 with granzyme B we prepared recombinant hexa-histidine tagged PI-9 in a yeast expression system. Addition of the recombinant protein to native granzyme B resulted in an SDS-resistant complex typical of serpin-serine proteinase interactions. Further analysis showed that complex formation followed bimolecular kinetics with a second order rate constant of 1.7 +/- 0.3 x 10(6) M-1 s-1, which is in the range for a physiologically significant serpin-proteinase interaction. Recombinant PI-9 also completely abrogated granzyme B and perforin-mediated cytotoxicity in vitro. Examination of PI-9 mRNA distribution demonstrated that it is expressed in immune tissue, primarily in lymphocytes. The highest levels of PI-9 mRNA and protein were observed in natural killer cell leukemia cell lines and in interleukin-2 stimulated peripheral blood mononuclear cells, which also produce granzyme B. Like PI-6, PI-9 was shown to be a cytosolic protein that is not secreted. Fractionation of natural killer cells and stimulated peripheral blood mononuclear cells demonstrated that PI-9 is in a separate subcellular compartment to granzyme B. These results suggest that PI-9 serves to inactivate misdirected granzyme B following cytotoxic cell degranulation. This may explain why cytotoxic cells are not damaged by their own granzyme B during destruction of abnormal cells.
Pubmed ID: 8910377
The Journal of biological chemistry
November 1, 1996There are the obvious WAIS systems, and we're using a BRS interface called NETAnswer. Jim Meritt Aspen Systems Corporation ______________________________ Reply Separator _________________________________ Subject: PERL SQL API and MANAGER Author: www-talk@w3.org at SMTPINET Date: 5/2/96 9:06 PM Hey all, I'm a web-developer at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory for NASA. My particular project is to create a database manager that can be used over the WWW. I'd prefer the use of Perl and mSQL, since we already have some material using mSQL, and Perl seems to be the standard that we've been using. I'd like the users of the page to be able to: Create new databases Edit current databases (add keys, and fields) Submit new entries and of course Query a database I'm telling you all this because I was hoping that someone has already done this. I'd hate to recreate the wheel. I'd also except as an alternative... the use of Microsoft Access and Visual Basic scripts. Let me know if you've accomplished this, Thanks, Jason T. Vincent jason.t.vincent@jpl.nasa.govReceived on Monday, 6 May 1996 17:08:47 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 21:32:58 UTCCategory: Museums
Address: 2800 Buck Owens Blvd
Website: Visit the website
Telephone: 661.328.7565
Reviews Crystal Palace and Museum
Crystal Palace and Museum
At the museum one can explore the memorabilia over the years which Buck Owens had collected. This includes exhibits like guitars, suits, album covers and such memorable past history. This museum has live concerts, music vaults and museum displays too. One can take a personal tour with Buck himself and listen to audio clips which are paired with photos of some of the favorite things of Buck from the Museum.Maxine Kumin."
It is true that I had already learned by heart some of Robert Louis Stevenson's A Child's Garden of Verses, but these were accidental acquisitions from reading and rereading. While I enjoyed having them in my head they did not perplex and stir me as Sir Launfal did. The part I chose to declaim, at Miss Blomberg's bidding, begins: "And what is so rare as a day in June?" It is Wordsworthian in its romantic fervor, hypnotic in its exact tetrameter, and here and there, departs from its "June/tune" monosyllables to rhyme "glisten" with "listen," "chalice" with "palace." Of course I had no idea what a chalice was, but it sounded delicious. The "cowslips that fluttered in meadows green" were equally foreign to me; about thirty years later I discovered, picked, and cooked marsh marigolds, as they are known in New England.
But what gave me goosebumps was the description of the two birds, the male who "sits at his door in the sun" and the female who "feels the eggs beneath her wings / And the heart in her dumb breast flutters and sings...." The concluding couplet tapped out its rhythm so satisfyingly that I felt an unreasonable exaltation: "He sings to the wide world, and she to her nest--/ In the nice ear of Nature which songs is the best?" "The nice ear of Nature"--how I reveled in the sound of it, and in the benevolence of this sunny, attentive mother. All was right with the world.
After my triumph with this 24-line section, I went back and set about learning by rote the stanza that precedes it, the one where "The beggar is taxed for a corner to die in" and "At the devil's booth are all things sold...." The cadences were the same but the magic was missing. "We bargain for the graves we lie in" terrified me and I quickly abandoned the project. Miss Blomberg's gold stars were not the kind that are pasted in the middle of the forehead. Hers were solid cutouts, painted with a gritty gold paint. I treasured mine until the paint flecks began to fall off, revealing plain brown cardboard beneath. But nothing tarnished the sturdy four-beat lines so gratifyingly end-stopped that they thumped in my head. Nothing soothed me so well as "Then, if ever, come perfect days...."
I think we internalize the poems we have by heart and they operate by osmosis to influence the writers we become. I favor the iambic tetrameter line, instilled in me by James Russell Lowell and sharpened by my later infatuation with Auden. Mostly, though, I am grateful for those old-fashioned teachers who revered the poems of a bygone era and by exacting from us our twenty-odd lines a week gave us an inner library to draw on for the rest of our lives.
--Originally published in Crossroads, Spring 1998.Figures
Abstract
Background
Tissue culture-adapted Tulane virus (TV), a GI.1 rhesus enteric calicivirus (ReCV), and a mixture of GII.2 and GII.4 human norovirus (NoV)-containing stool sample were used to intrastomacheally inoculate juvenile rhesus macaques (Macaca mulatta) in order to evaluate infection caused by these viruses.
Methodology & Findings
Two of the three TV-inoculated macaques developed diarrhea, fever, virus-shedding in stools, inflammation of duodenum and 16-fold increase of TV-neutralizing (VN) serum antibodies but no vomiting or viremia. No VN-antibody responses could be detected against a GI.2 ReCV strain FT285, suggesting that TV and FT285 represent different ReCV serotypes. Both NoV-inoculated macaques remained asymptomatic but with demonstrable virus shedding in one animal. Examination of duodenum biopsies of the TV-inoculated macaques showed lymphocytic infiltration of the lamina propria and villous blunting. TV antigen-positive (TV+) cells were detected in the lamina propria. In most of the TV+ cells TV co-localized perinuclearly with calnexin – an endoplasmic reticulum protein. A few CD20+TV+ double-positive B cells were also identified in duodenum. To corroborate the authenticity of CD20+TV+ B cells, in vitro cultures of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from healthy macaques were inoculated with TV. Multicolor flow cytometry confirmed the presence of TV antigen-containing B cells of predominantly CD20+HLA-DR+ phenotype. A 2-log increase of viral RNA by 6 days post inoculation (p<0.05) suggested active TV replication in cultured lymphocytes.
Conclusions/Significance
Taken together, our results show that ReCVs represent an alternative cell culture and animal model to study enteric calicivirus replication, pathogenesis and immunity.
Citation: Sestak K, Feely S, Fey B, Dufour J, Hargitt E, Alvarez X, et al. (2012) Experimental Inoculation of Juvenile Rhesus Macaques with Primate Enteric Caliciviruses. PLoS ONE 7(5): e37973. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973
Editor: D. William Cameron, University of Ottawa, Canada
Received: February 3, 2012; Accepted: April 27, 2012; Published: May 30, 2012
Copyright: © 2012 Sest21RR024871, P51RR000164 and U24RR018111 to KS, and P01HD013021 and the Infectious Disease Scholar Fund of CCHMC to TF. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Introduction
Caliciviruses (CV) are small, non-enveloped, icosahedral viruses with a ~7.5–8.5 kb positive sense, single stranded, polyadenylated RNA genome. The Caliciviridae family consists of five established genera, Norovirus, Sapovirus, Lagovirus, Vesivirus and Nebovirus. Rhesus enteric CVs (Recovirus), St. Valerian-like viruses (Valovirus) and chicken CVs represent three additional, yet unassigned CV genera [1]–[3]. Noroviruses (NoV) are important etiologic agents of acute gastroenteritis in humans and account for the majority of nonbacterial gastroenteritis outbreaks as well as >50% of all food-related gastroenteritis outbreaks [4], [5]. NoVs can be subdivided into five genogroups (GI-V) and at least 33 genotypes [6], [7]. No robust cell culture or in vivo model exists to study human NoVs.
The first attempt to develop a primate model for human NoV gastroenteritis dates back to 1978 when Wyatt and colleagues induced asymptomatic infection of chimpanzees by the Norwalk virus [8]. Since then, further efforts have been made with porcine, bovine, murine and other animal hosts including non-human primate (NHP) species to establish a model that would resemble human NoV gastroenteritis [9]–[26]. Despite that substantial achievements have been made with these models, there is still a demand for another alternative that would simultaneously address human NoV-induced clinical illness as well as reflect biological features of human NoVs including their genetic, antigenic and HBGA diversity while being utilized in vivo and in vitro.
Our group recently discovered and characterized a new group of enteric CVs of rhesus monkey host origin with the proposed name Recoviruses (ReCVs) [1], [27], [28]. Enteric CVs frequently infect colonies with captive NHPs [1], [19], [27], [29], [30]. These reports are based on detection of serum antibodies, electron microscopy or presence of viral RNA in stool samples. The extent of ReCV seroprevalence measured by VN antibodies (as high as 80%) in NHPs colonies is conditioned by host species, age, type of housing and colony [Sestak and Farkas, unpublished]. It is not clear, however, if reactivity of NHP serum samples with human NoVs reflects CV interspecies transmission or cross-reactivity between CVs of different primate hosts [19], [27]. Studies conducted with human NoV-inoculated NHPs suggest that there are differences in susceptibility to infection not only among different host species but also within species – likely caused by individual genetic resistance factors although possible differences in adaptive immunity play an important role as well. While some primates remain asymptomatic after infection, others exhibit diarrhea, vomiting, and dehydration, resembling the clinical course of human NoV gastroenteritis [8], [10], [12], [31]. Robust, virus-specific seroconversion and virus shedding in stools up to three weeks post inoculation have only been reproduced in NHPs. In order to induce symptomatic infection, serological and HBGA pre-screening of candidate animals need to be considered prior to experimental challenge. The main objective of this study was to explore the suitability of juvenile rhesus macaques as a TV infection model to study enteric calicivirus replication, pathogenesis and immunity.
Results
Experimental inoculation of juvenile rhesus macaques with TV induces clinical symptoms of disease
Intragastric inoculation of TV of two of the three juvenile macaques (HC55 and HI77) resulted in diarrhea and fever within two days after virus inoculation (Fig. 1) whereas no clinical symptoms were observed for HB61 despite that all three macaques shed TV. The presence of viral genome was measured in cell-free plasma by qRT-PCR. No vomiting and viremia was detected in any of the animals. All three TV-inoculated animals shed the virus for at least 8 days with peak shedding levels of >105 TV-RNA copies per gram of stools in HB61 and HC55 and ≥104 TV-RNA copies per gram of stools in HI77 (Fig. 2). Considering that juvenile macaques produce on average 80±20 grams of stool daily, the amount of virus shed in HC55 and HB61 macaques exceeded the amount received via inoculum (Tables 1 and 2).
Stool consistency measurements indicate onset of diarrhea (>1.0 red line cut-off) upon inoculation. Two of the three TV-inoculated macaques (HC55 and HI77) showed symptoms of diarrhea up to post-inoculation day (PID) 6 and 8. The two human NoV-inoculated animals (GI96 and HB11) did not show diarrhea. HC55 and HI77 macaques developed elevated body temperature (>102.5 F; red line cut-off) during the first two weeks following TV inoculation, while body temperatures of the other animals remained normal. Definition of diarrhea scale: (0 = normal/dry, 0.5 = normal, 1.0 = normal/soft, 1.5 = pasty, 2.0 = semiliquid, 2.5 = watery), and fever: (<102.5 = normal, 102.5 = borderline, >102.5 = fever).
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.g001
All of the three TV-inoculated macaques showed presence of virus-specific RNA in stools (upper panel) and developed VN antibody responses (≥4-fold increase) by PID 7 (lower panel). Duration of shedding ranged in TV-inoculated macaques between 8–10 days while reaching the peak of ~105 RNA copies per gram of stools in HB61 and HC55 and ~104 in HI77. The detection limit of the assay was 10–100 copies per reaction. Antibody serum levels reached their peak in all three macaques by PID 7–9 (1:160–1:640) while returned to pre-inoculation levels by PID 80.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.g002
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.t001
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.t002
No clinical symptoms of diarrhea and fever were observed in the two NoV-inoculated macaques although GI96 met at one time point the definition of “borderline” fever (102.5 F). Viral RNA was detected in fecal specimens from macaque HB11 up to PID 13 and macaque GI96 up to PID 4 by strain-specific nested RT-PCR (Table 2). Both GII.2 and GII.4 viruses were shed in macaque HB11 while only GII.2 virus was detected in macaque GI96. Likely because a lower sensitivity of the quantitative real-time RT-PCR (20–200 RNA copies for GII strains per reaction) compared to nested RT-PCR, only PID 1, 2 and 9 samples from HB11 but none of the samples from GI96 could be evaluated quantitatively (Table 2). Considering that juvenile rhesus macaques of 2.5–4.0 years of age produce daily 80±20 grams of stool, the HB11 macaque produced more virus in stools than what was received in inoculum.
Serum antibody responses to TV
All three TV-inoculated macaques developed a VN serum antibody response (≥4-fold increase) by PID 7 (Fig. 2). VN antibodies reached their peak at PID 7–9 (1:160–1:640), persisted at their peak levels up to PID 30–38 after which they gradually started to decline (Fig. 2). By PID 80, VN antibody levels in all three TV-inoculated animals dropped to almost pre-inoculation levels. None of the TV (GI.1 genotype)-inoculated animals developed VN antibody response against FT285–a GI.2 ReCV. A rise in NoV-specific antibody responses against Minerva (GII.4) VLPs could not be detected in the NoV-inoculated macaques (HB11 and GI96) which had consistent anti-Minerva serum ELISA antibody titers of 1:50 and 1:800 throughout the experiment, respectively.
Histopathological changes in small intestine
H&E-stained duodenum tissues from TV- and NoV-inoculated macaques were compared with tissues from normal, healthy, age-matched controls (Fig. 3). While no significant damage was seen in the intestinal epithelium, in both TV- and NoV-inoculated animals, mononuclear, lymphocytic infiltration was observed in the lamina propria. In addition, moderate blunting and distention of the villi was observed in all three TV-inoculated animals (Fig. 3). No histopathological lesions were observed in control macaque intestinal tissues.
A– Duodenum tissue from healthy control macaque with normal tissue architecture of intestinal villi. Magnification 10x. B– Duodenum tissue obtained at PID 3 from TV-inoculated HC55 macaque: Superficial mucosa contains diffuse mononuclear cell infiltrate with formation of an intra-epithelial lymphoid follicle. Villi are slightly blunted. Magnification 10x. C– Superficial mucosa of TV-inoculated macaque contains macrophages, plasma cells and scattered eosinophils. Magnification 40x. D– The brush border (green lining = villi) was preserved in TV-inoculated macaques. Purple blue cells indicate underlying subepithelium (TG2 is a digestive enzyme).
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.g003
Visualization of TV in small intestinal biopsies
In order to visualize and to characterize TV-infected cells directly in small intestine, duodenum biopsies were collected at PID 3 and studied by confocal microscopy. Antibodies specific to human T-, B-, epithelial, dendritic, apoptotic cells as well as macrophages and endoplasmic protein calnexin were used in conjunction with TV antibodies (Figs. 4 and 5). Consistent with the histopathological findings, no TV antigen was detected in epithelial cells. Nevertheless, numerous TV+ cells were observed within the lamina propria. No TV+ cells were detected in biopsies from uninfected control macaques (Fig. S1). Many of the TV antigens exhibited perinuclear fluorescence while TV-specific antibodies colocalized with calnexin in some cells (Fig. 5; Fig. S2). Some of the TV+ cells also stained with CD20, a B cell-specific marker (Fig. 4C).
A– The cytokeratin+ epithelial cells (red) did not co-localize with TV (green). The TV+ cells appear in subepithelium i.e. lamina propria (arrows). B– The subepithelial CD3+ T lymphocytes (red) did not co-localize with TV (green). C– Co-localization of some of the CD20+ B cells (red) with TV (green) is indicated by arrows. D– The IBA-1+ macrophages (red) did not co-localize with TV (green). Nuclear DNA is in blue. E– The CD11c+ myeloid dendritic cells (red) did not co-localize with TV (green) while co-localization between CD11c+ and calnexin (blue) markers resulted in purple cell coloration. The co-localization of TV+ cells with calnexin is indicated by arrows. F– Absence of co-localization between TV (green) and TUNEL (red) markers indicates that TV-infected cells did not undergo apoptosis. Differential interference contrast (gray) is highlighted for the better visualization of tissue architecture.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.g004
A– While most of the cells are calnexin-single-positive, simultaneous presence of both TV (green) and calnexin (red) antigens is seen in some of the (yellowish) cells. DIC– differential interference contrast. B– Spectral overlap of TV and calnexin antigens is shown by arrows.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.g005
Quantitative analysis of in vitro TV-inoculated PBMCs
Because suitability of intestinal endoscopic (pin-head size) biopsies for quantitative cell phenotypic analysis by confocal microscopy is limited, in vitro experiments with TV-inoculated PBMCs obtained from eight healthy macaques were performed to corroborate the presence of CD20+TV+ B cells in the biopsy samples and to assess the susceptibility of mononuclear cell populations such as T and B lymphocytes to TV infection. In vitro cultures of PBMCs from 8 healthy rhesus macaques were used. TV and negative control media-inoculated cells were harvested at 2 h, 24 h and 6 days PI and tested by multicolor flow cytometry and/or qPCR to determine the number of TV+ cells and virus load. Two populations of interest were identified by flow cytometry: CD3+ T and CD20+ B cells (Fig. 6A). Based on distinct subset of CD20+TV+ cells identified within CD20+ B cell population (Fig. 6A), presented data focus on B cells while T cell populations and negative controls are shown for comparison (Fig. 6B, Fig. 7). The two “parent” (CD20+ and CD3+) populations were further sub-divided into CD20+HLA-DR+, CD20+CD11c+, CD20+CD123+, CD3+HLA-DR+ and CD3+CD11c+ cells, corresponding to five different B and T cell subsets, to determine which of these cells, if any, contained the TV. The distribution of five of the above lymphocyte subsets was similar between TV-inoculated and media control PBMCs, as well as between cultures harvested at 24 h and 6 days PI, with CD20+HLA-DR+ B cell subset being the dominant (Fig. 7A, C). In both CD3+ and CD20+ cell populations HLA-DR+ cells were the most abundant, representing over 90% of cells while CD11c+ and/or CD123+ cells represented less than 10%. All of the five lymphocyte subsets contained TV+ cells, but only the CD20+HLA-DR+TV+ cells surpassed 2% (p>0.05) of the parent (CD20+HLA-DR+) population at 24 h PI (Fig. 7B). Moreover, the proportion of CD20+HLA-DR+TV+ cells increased to >6% (p<0.05) of the parent population by PID 6 (Fig. 7D). Such an increased proportion of TV+ cells in cultured PBMCs was corroborated by qPCR. A significant increase in virus load was detected within 1–6 days PI while no virus was detected in non-inoculated controls: The average viral RNA copy number per well by PID 1 (1.3×106) and PID 6 (2.8×106) was higher (p<0.05) than the RNA copy number measured by 2 hours PI (2.3×105).
A– PBMCs isolated from healthy rhesus macaques were used for in vitro inoculation with TV. After being cultured in vitro for 6 days, cells were sorted out into CD3+ T cell and CD20+ B cell populations. Presence of TV antigens was detected in CD20+ B cells as shown by histograms (black peak). B– The CD20+ B cells were further subdivided into populations expressing the HLA-DR, CD11c or CD123 antigens. Presence of TV was revealed predominantly in CD20+HLA-DR+ cells while some of the other lymphocyte populations including the CD20+CD11c+ and CD20+CD123+ B cells also contained TV antigens.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.g006
A & B– One day-old cultures of TV-inoculated PBMCs show the trend (p>0.05) for TV antigen expression by CD20+HLA-DR+ B cells. C & D– Six days-old cultures show significant presence of TV antigens predominantly inside the CD20+HLA-DR+ cells (p<0.05). Several other T and B cell subsets also contain TV while no virus was detected in negative control, mock-inoculated PBMCs. Asterisks indicate significant differences between the TV-inoculated and control cells.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.g007
Discussion
Human NoVs are a common cause of epidemic and sporadic acute gastroenteritis worldwide [4], [32]. The prototype Norwalk virus was discovered in 1972 [33], however NoV research and the development of prevention strategies have since been hampered by the lack of robust cell culture system and animal model that closely mimics the clinical symptoms of NoV gastroenteritis in humans. Despite these difficulties, NoV VLP vaccines are in early phase clinical trials [34], [35]. Evaluation of these vaccines largely depends on challenge studies in human volunteers.
Development of an animal model for human NoV gastroenteritis might be based on infection of animals with human NoVs or the use of cultivable animal CVs as surrogates. Attempts to experimentally induce human NoV infection in NHP species such as common marmosets, cotton top tamarins, cynomolgus macaques, pigtail macaques, rhesus macaques and chimpanzees almost invariably resulted in asymptomatic infections [8], [10], [12], [31]. In one study however, a symptomatic infection characterized by diarrhea and vomiting of newborn pigtail macaques was induced following inoculation with the Toronto virus [12], but these results have not been confirmed by other studies. Moreover, detection of CVs or CV antibodies, including NoVs was reported in colonies with captive NHPs [27], [29], [30], [36]. In captive NHP colonies, CVs have been detected in stool samples of animals with symptoms of diarrhea. Recent data suggest an ~80% ReCV seroprevalence in rhesus macaques housed at three separate U.S. colonies [27, Sestak and Farkas, unpublished]. While ReCV seroprevalence rates are high in juvenile and adult rhesus monkeys, other NHP species exhibit different and/or lower seroprevalence rates. As suggested, these differences could be due to species-specific susceptibility/resistance factors such as HBGAs [19]. Considering the high TV seroprevalence combined with high rates of juvenile diarrhea-associated morbidity in these colonies, it is suspected that ReCV infections play an important role in the etiology of NHP gastroenteritis. Here we examined for the first time whether experimental challenge of juvenile rhesus macaques with the tissue culture-adapted prototype ReCV (TV) induces clinical disease. Although no equivalent inoculum of tissue culture-adapted human NoV was available, two additional animals were challenged with human NoV stool suspensions to compare the clinical outcome between TV- and human NoV-inoculated animals. In order to increase the chance of infection, both animals were inoculated with a mixture of GII.2 and GII.4 NoVs. Mixed NoV infections have been described in oyster-associated human NoV outbreaks [37]. Also, the existence of recombinant NoVs [38] indicates that mixed NoV infections do frequently take place.
Two out of three TV-inoculated macaques developed symptoms of gastroenteritis (diarrhea, fever and virus shedding in stools but no vomiting or reduced appetite were noticed) while the third remained asymptomatic. All three animals shed virus for more than a week (8–10 PID) even though maximum virus shedding reached ~105 viral copies per gram of stool only in HC55 and HB61. Quantitative evaluation of virus shed in these two macaques combined with the daily output of stools (Table 2) indicate that the amount of virus shed exceeded the amount of virus in the inoculum. Vomiting was not detected as a clinical sign of TV infection. This could be due to small number of animals in this study or other reasons. Studies with NoV-infected children suggest that ~25–30% of these children do not vomit [39], [40]. In addition, still unknown differences between ReCV and NoV pathogenesis might also be linked with the lack of vomiting in TV-infected macaques.
All three TV-inoculated macaques developed ≥4 fold TV-specific VN antibody responses within 7 days PI, indicating an early memory response, consistent with low levels of VN antibodies prior to inoculation. VN antibodies reached their peak by PID 7–9 in all of the three animals and persisted at high levels up to 4–5 weeks PI. After 5 weeks PI, VN antibody titers started to decline, possibly due to absence of re-exposure(s) that take place in colony animals [14], [18]. It is also possible that the binding (ELISA) antibodies would be detected for much longer period of time than functional (VN) antibodies. Finally, it is important to highlight that the low levels (1:40–1:80) of VN antibodies were still present at the end of the study in TV-inoculated macaques. Consistent with these results, declining NoV immunity has also been observed in human volunteers [41], [42]. Thus, questions still remain regarding the longevity, magnitude, class and role of CV antibodies in protection.
Interestingly, VN antibody responses could not be detected in any of the TV-infected animals against FT285 a GI.2 ReCV isolate, indicating that the two strains likely belong to different serotypes. TV and FT285 ORF2 and capsid proteins share 69% nt and 74% aa homology (Farkas and Sestak unpublished), which is comparable with differences between different human NoV genotypes. If humoral immunity plays a role in protection against enteric CV infections, our results are translational for NoV vaccine design since multiple genetic types have been described for both ReCVs and human NoVs. At present, ~10 cell culture-adapted ReCVs representing at least three genotypes are available in our laboratory. Consistent with previous reports, none of the two human NoVs used in this study caused clinical infection. Since all macaques secreted type-B HBGA in their saliva (not shown), and both NoV challenge strains were obtained from a type-B patient, it was predicted that both strains would replicate in macaques. However, only GII.2 virus was detected in macaque GI96, while both Gll.2 and Gll.4 viruses were shed by HB11 (Table 2). Although duration of shedding in HB11 was suggestive of virus replication, no antibody responses were detected against Minerva (GII.4) VLPs. Macaque GI96 had relatively high level (1:800) of ELISA antibodies at the beginning of the study. This could explain the complete absence of GII.4 virus shedding in GI96. GII.2 VLPs were not available to evaluate the GII.2-specific seroresponses in this study. Low viral loads in stools of Norwalk virus-challenged rhesus macaques were also reported by Rockx and colleagues [10]. In their study, two animals stopped shedding virus by PID 2 while one animal shed up to PID 19 while it developed strong antibody responses. In the same study, marmosets and tamarins, but not cynomolgus macaques, shed the virus up to PID 4 but did not develop antibody responses. Taken together, these studies indicate that NHPs can be subclinically infected with human NoVs but the infection is very limited and its intensity varies in different species and individuals.
Histopathological examination of H&E-stained duodenum biopsies obtained at PID 3 demonstrated lymphocytic infiltration of the lamina propria in all five inoculated macaques while mild villous blunting was present in three TV-inoculated macaques. These signs were consistent to some degree with reported histopathology of NoV-infected humans [43]–[45]. Although no ultrastructural examination of enterocytes was performed by transmission electron microscopy, confocal microscopy examination of intestinal brush border and epithelial layer revealed no significant damage of enterocytes indicating the possibility that virus might have translocated into lamina propria without replicating in enterocytes. This finding differs from what was reported with human NoV-inoculated gnotobiotic pigs or calves that showed presence of viral particles inside the enterocytes by PID 3 [9], [46]. Notwithstanding, our results are consistent with reported findings of human NoV i.v.-inoculated chimpanzees which showed the presence of NoV antigens in intestinal lamina propria while exhibiting the signs of asymptomatic virus infection such as virus shedding in stools and seroconversion [31]. In all of these studies, enterocyte damage was minimal or undetectable regardless of the detection of virus antigen raising questions about CV pathogenesis and their exact host cell tropism. In case of TV-inoculated macaques, TV antigen-containing cells with perinuclear fluorescence were found in intestinal lamina propria (Figs. 4 and 5). In many of these cells TV-specific antibodies co-localized with calnexin, an endoplasmic reticulum marker, consistent with the formation of replication complexes reported for feline CV [47].
To determine the authenticity of TV-containing cells, several of the human-specific cell markers were utilized (Table 3). A few CD20+TV+ B lymphocytes were identified directly in duodenum lamina propria by confocal microscopy. Since suitability of intestinal pin-head-sized biopsies for quantitative cell phenotype analysis by confocal microscopy is limited, in vitro experiment with TV-inoculated PBMCs obtained from eight healthy macaques was performed, utilizing quantitative multicolor flow cytometry, to determine if CD20+TV+ B cells could be identified in these cultures (Figs. 6 and 7). The presence of CD20+TV+ B cells was demonstrated corroborating the confocal microscopy data. Most of the TV+ cells expressed HLA-DR antigen, suggesting a) involvement of TV+ lymphocytes in antigen presentation to other immune cells or b) possibility of activated lymphocytes being infected. Increased viral RNA load (p<0.05) that was detected in cultured PBMCs within 24 h following TV inoculation supported the flow cytometry data and was suggestive of virus replication. In study by Lay and colleagues, Norwalk virus failed to replicate in macrophages or dendritic cells derived from human peripheral blood [48]. A more recent study by Chan and colleagues indicates however that human NoV binds to the lamina propria and Brunner's gland cells of the human duodenum [49]. We have also incorporated CD123 marker to determine whether some B cells start to acquire dendritic cell (DC)-like features following their in vitro exposure to virus. Earlier reports by Bjorck and colleagues (1998) showed that CD19+ B cells can differentiate into DCs following cytokine stimulation [50]. Although commonly used as a DC marker, CD11c is also expressed by activated or leukemic B cells [51], [52]. Recently, a subpopulation of memory B cells was shown to express CD11c [53]. In our study we observed increased CD11c expression by TV-infected B cells suggesting the activation of these cells following TV infection.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.t003
The fact that TV was identified in both B and T cells is to some degree different from findings reported for murine NoVs that replicate efficiently in macrophage and dendritic cell lines [13], [25], [26]. Since Rhesus CD14+ cells can differentiate into dendritic cells in vitro, it will be interesting to evaluate if these cells will become permissive to TV infection. In summary, our results are consistent with findings of human NoV -infected chimpanzees that remained asymptomatic but showed the presence of NoV antigen in intestinal lamina propria [31]. Many features of CV infection in primates such as HBGA-associated genetic susceptibility to infection remain to be elucidated. In this proof-of-concept study, we demonstrated the potential of rhesus macaques using ReCV as a diarrheal disease model for human NoV. In future studies candidate animals will be selected by prescreening for the specific HBGAs and/or by using newborn SPF or animals completely naïve of previous ReCV exposure while using highly cytopathic ReCV strain for challenge.
Materials and Methods
Ethics statement
Approval for all veterinary procedures in this study had been obtained from the Tulane University Animal Care and Use Committee, Animal Welfare Assurance A-4499-01. Animals in this project were under the full care of veterinarians with the standards incorporated in the Guide to the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals (NIH) 78-23 (Revised, 1996). All veterinary procedures were performed only with sedated animals. Animal welfare and steps were taken to ameliorate suffering in accordance with the recommendations of the Weatherall report. The findings and conclusions in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent the views of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. This article did receive clearance through the appropriate channels at the CDC prior to submission.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.t004
Animals, procedures and samples collected
Forty juvenile (<4 years-old) candidate rhesus macaques were identified from a group of 300 based on absence of TV-neutralizing serum antibodies [27]. Due to unrelated reasons, selected candidate animals were assigned for the study not immediately but after a delay, which resulted in low, marginal but detectable TV seroconversion. Five animals (1:10–1:40 VN antibodies) with no detectable virus shedding in feces were included in this study (Table 1). Only simian retrovirus- (SIV, SR and STLV) and enteric pathogen-free animals were selected using the diagnostic techniques described elsewhere [54], [55]. All five macaques were inoculated intragastrically and were housed under biosafety level two (BSL2) conditions. Three macaques were inoculated with tissue culture-adapted TV and two macaques with bacteria-free stool suspensions containing a mixture of GII.2 an GII.4 NoVs (Table 1). Human NoV positive stool samples (NF2002 and NF2003; GenBank accession numbers: JQ320072 and JQ320073) were collected during two family outbreaks occurring in May 2002 and March 2003 in Cincinnati, OH, respectively. The inoculum was prepared from 20% (w/v) stool suspensions that were clarified by low-speed centrifugation and filtered using 0.22 μm filters. Aliquots were stored at −80°C. Upon inoculation, body temperature and stool consistency were recorded daily up to post-inoculation day (PID) 40. Stool samples were collected each morning at indicated time points (Fig. 1) from the individual cage pans that were replaced daily. Diarrhea was defined above the score of 1.0 according to following key: (0 = normal/dry, 0.5 = normal, 1.0 = normal/soft, 1.5 = pasty, 2.0 = semiliquid, 2.5 = watery), while fever was defined above the 102.5 F: (<102.5 = normal, 102.5 = borderline, >102.5 = fever).
Samples of blood and plasma were obtained weekly and/or at indicated time points (Fig. 2) up to PID 80. Based on similar experiments with gnotobiotic piglets [14], pediatric endoscopy method was used at PID 3 to obtain ten pin-head-sized biopsies from the distal duodenum of all five inoculated and two negative control healthy macaques [56].
Virus antibody assays
Plasma samples collected from all five macaques were tested for the presence of virus-specific antibodies. TV-inoculated macaques (HC55, HI77 and HB61) were tested for the presence and magnitude of TV virus-neutralizing (VN) antibodies [27]. Briefly, serum samples were titrated in duplicate wells of 96-well tissue culture plates (Corning Life Sciences, Lowell, MA) to neutralize 100 TCID50 TV (GI.1) or FT285 (GI.2) ReCVs. To avoid non-specific neutralization by complement, serum samples were heat inactivated. Virus/serum mix was incubated at 37°C for 1 h and transferred into wells seeded with 1×104 LLC-MK2 cells/well in duplicate one day prior. Plates were stained with crystal violet at 72 h post infection (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO). At this time point, all cells in the virus control exhibited CPE characterized by cellular degeneration and detachment. VN antibody titer was determined as the highest dilution of the serum sample at which the cell monolayer was at least 50% intact in duplicate wells.
Human NoV-inoculated macaques (HB11 and GI96) were tested for the presence of NoV-binding (ELISA) antibodies using human NoV GII.4 (Minerva) virus-like particles (VLPs), as described previously [27]. Briefly, VLPs diluted in PBS were coated onto 96-well microtiter plates (Dynex, Immulon, Dynatech) at 50 ng/well, overnight, at 4°C. Every second row of the 96-well plate was left uncoated and served as background control. Plates were blocked with 10% Blotto-PBS for 1 h at 37°C. Serum samples, two-fold diluted in 1% Blotto-PBS, starting from 1:50 were added to two wells each, and the plates were incubated for 1 h at 37°C. Horseradish peroxidase (HRP)-conjugated goat anti-rhesus IgG (H+L) (Southern Biotech, Birmingham, AL) was added at 1:3,500 dilution in 1% Blotto-PBS, and the plates were incubated for 1 h at 37°C. Following each step, the plates were washed five times with PBS-0.05% Tween 20 in an automated plate washer (ELx 405 Auto Plate Washer, Bio-tek Instruments Inc., Winooski, VT). Finally, TMB substrate (BD Biosciences, San Jose, CA) was added, the plates were incubated for 10 min at room temperature and the color development was stopped by 1 M H3PO4. Optical density (OD) values were recorded by the use of Tecan Spectra II microtiter plate reader (Tecan AG, Switzerland) at 450 nm. OD readings for each serum sample/dilution were determined as the average of difference between values obtained in the two VLP-coated and two uncoated wells. The cut-off was determined as the mean plus two standard deviations of the OD readings of the control (uncoated) wells.
Histopathology, immunohistochemistry and confocal microscopy
Duodenum biopsies collected at PID 3 were used for histopathological evaluation of tissue architecture following the standard H&E staining method [56]. In addition, antibodies specific to primate T and B lymphocytes, epithelial cells, macrophages, myeloid dendritic cells, apoptotic cells and endoplasmic reticulum protein calnexin (Table 3) were used in conjunction with TV-specific antibodies (rhesus serum of ≥1:1,280 VN antibody titer), to identify the potential TV-infected cells according to described immunohistochemistry protocols [56], [57].
TV infection of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) with TV
PBMCs were isolated from whole blood of 8 healthy, normal rhesus macaques by density gradient centrifugation using Lymphocyte Separation Medium (MP Biomedicals, LLC, Santa Ana, CA) and seeded in 24-well cell culture plates coated with collagen (BD Biosciences, San Diego, CA) at a concentration of 2×106 cells per well. Cells were cultured at 37°C, 5% CO2 in RPMI 1640 medium containing 2 mM glutamine, 1 mM sodium pyruvate, 100 U/ml penicillin, and 100 mg/ml streptomycin (Mediatech, Inc., Manassas, VA) supplemented with 10% heat-inactivated FBS (Hyclone, Thermo Scientific, Waltham, MA). Immediately after seeding the cells, half of the wells were inoculated with tissue culture-adapted TV (104 RNA copies per well). Cells were incubated with TV for up to 6 days before being harvested for flow cytometry and/or TV-qPCR.
Quantitative ReCV detection
For the detection of TV in fecal specimens or plasma, viral RNA was isolated from clarified 10% fecal suspensions in PBS or 100 μl of plasma using the QIAamp® Viral RNA Mini kit according to manufacturer's instructions (Qiagen GmbH, Hilden, Germany). For TV detection in cultured PBMCs, cells plus media were processed at 2 h, 24 h and 6 days PI with TV. The samples corresponding to individual wells of 24-well cell culture plate were pelleted with high-speed centrifugation (14,000 rpm) and the pellet stored in RNALater (Ambion, Austin, TX) at −20°C. The PBMCs were pelleted and washed in RNALater solution one more time before being used for RNA extraction. Total RNA was extracted using the RNeasy Plus Micro kit (Qiagen GmbH, Hilden, Germany). Precipitated RNA from both fecal specimens and PBMC cultures was eluted in 28 µl of nuclease-free water (Integrated DNA Technologies, Coralville, IA), and 8 µl of the sample was used as the template in the RT-PCR. RNA, primed with both oligo(dT) and random hexamers, was reverse-transcribed into cDNA in 20 µl reaction mixtures using Superscript™ III First-Strand Synthesis SuperMix for RT-qPCR (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA) according to the manufacturer's protocol. For quantitative real-time PCR, 10 µl of the cDNA product was used as the template in 50 µl reaction mixtures using Platinum Quantitative PCR SuperMix-UDG with ROX (Invitrogen) according to the manufacturer's protocol. The TV-specific primer pairs and oligonucleotide probe used were as follows: FW 5′-GAGATTGGTGTCAAAACACTCTTTG (nt position 3,645–3,669 on the TV genome, EU391643), RV 5′-ATCCAGTGGCACACACAATTT (nt position 3,820–3,800) and 6-FAM-AGTTGATTGACCTGCTGTGTCA-BHQ (nt position 3,697–3,719). PCR reactions were run in duplicate on an ABI 7900HT Fast Real-Time PCR System (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA) using the following amplification conditions: 2 min at 50°C, 10 min at 95°C, 40 cycles of 15 sec at 95°C, 1 min at 60°C. The threshold for detection of fluorescence above background was set at 0.185 within the exponential phase of the amplification curve. A standard curve was generated for each assay using 10-fold dilutions (from 101 to 107 copies) of a linearized plasmid containing the full TV genome. The detection limit of the assay was 10–100 copies per reaction. Negative control samples were run alongside each RNA sample from mock-infected cultures.
Human NoV detection by quantitative RT-PCR
For the detection of GII.2 and GII.4 human NoVs, viral RNA was extracted from clarified 10% fecal suspensions in PBS with the MagMaxTM -96 Viral RNA Isolation Kit (Ambion, Foster City, CA) on an automated KingFisher magnetic particle processor (Thermo Fisher Scientific, Pittsburg, PA) according to the manufacturer's instructions and eluted into 100 µl. Viral RNA was tested in a GI/GII duplex format using an AgPath-ID™ One-Step RT-PCR Kit for Probes (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA) on an 7,500 Realtime PCR platform (Applied Biosystems). The reaction mix of 25 µl consisted of 400 nM of each oligonucleotide primer Cog1F, Cog1R, Cog2F, and Cog2R and 200 nM of each TaqMan® Probe Ring 1C and Ring 2 [58]. Cycling conditions included reverse transcription for 10 min at 45°C, denaturation for 10 min at 95°C followed by 45 cycles of 15 sec at 95°C and 1 min at 60°C.
Nested RT-PCR for human NoV detection
Since mixtures of GII.2 and GII.4 human NoVs were used to inoculate the HB11 and GI96 macaques and RT-PCR assay was not able to differentiate between the two strains, a nested RT-PCR was designed to evaluate the strain-specific shedding in collected stool samples. Briefly, viral RNA was reverse transcribed and amplified in 20 cycles by generic primers P289/P290 in a 25 μl reaction (AccessQuick RT-PCR system, Promega, Madison, WI). One μl of the RT-PCR reaction was used as template in a nested PCR and amplified with primers 62F/63R (GTGTTGGCAGCAGCTCTAGAAATC and GTAACTTCAGAGAGCGCACAGAGA, specific for NF2003) and 64F/65R (TCATCAGAACCTCATCTGGCCCAA and AAAGGAGAACAGGGAGTTTGCCTGG, specific for NF2002) in 25 μl reactions in 35 cycles. Reactions yielded a 215 and a 225 bp product, respectively, which could be differentiated on a 2% ethidium bromide-stained agarose gel.
Flow cytometry
Cell surface marker and intracellular staining were performed as follows. PBMC cultures were harvested, low-speed centrifuged (1,300 rpm), and cell pellets were washed twice with PBS (pH 7.4) containing 0.1% sodium azide and 0.2% FBS. Fluorochrome-conjugated antibodies specific to human and/or rhesus macaque surface molecules (Table 4) as well the rhesus serum used as the primary antibody against TV, were added to cell suspensions and incubated in the dark for 30 min at RT. The cells were then washed twice with 1x Perm/Wash Buffer (BD Biosciences) and resuspended in 50 µl Perm/Wash Buffer. The permeabilized cells were stained with the primary antibody against TV for 30 min at 4°C, washed with Perm/Wash Buffer, and stained with the fluorochrome-conjugated secondary antibody (rhesus IgG-FITC, #617102012, RDI-Fitzgerald, Acton, MA) for 1 h, at 4°C. Following staining, cells were washed twice and resuspended in 300 µl of 1x BD Stabilizing Fixative (BD Biosciences). Stained and fixed cells were stored in 12×75 mm polystyrene round-bottom tubes (Becton Dickinson, Franklin Lakes, NJ) in the dark at 4°C for up to 48 h until analyzed by flow cytometry. Data were collected using the BD LSRII flow cytometer and analyzed using FACSDiva (BD Biosciences) and FlowJo software (Tree Star, Ashland, OR). A minimum of 50,000 events were collected per sample. Gating was set based on the CD3+ T lymphocyte and CD20+ B lymphocyte populations (Fig. 6A). The HLA-DR+, CD11c+, and CD123+ cell subsets within CD20+ B cell population were evaluated for the presence of TV (Fig. 7).
Statistical analysis
Statistically significant differences between proportions of TV+, HLA-DR+, CD11c+, and CD123+ cells within CD3+ and CD20+ populations of control versus TV-inoculated PBMC cultures were determined by the Student's t-test assuming equal variances. A p value of <0.05 was considered significant. Statistically significant differences between TV loads in cultured PBMCs at different time points after inoculation were also determined using the Student's t-test, with a significance level of p<0.05.
Supporting Information
Figure S1.
Duodenal biopsy from TV-negative macaque (A) and from TV-inoculated HC55 animal (B). TV antibody-specific staining shows an intense, cytoplasmic fluorescence in biopsy tissue collected at PID 3 from TV-inoculated but not from negative control animal.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.s001
(TIFF)
Figure S2.
Individual channels (corresponding to calnexin and TV immunofluorescent staining) control data. DIC = differential interference contrast.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0037973.s002
(TIFF)
Acknowledgments
We thank Amanda Tardo, Surabhi Gaur, Robert Cross, Cecily Midkiff, Drs. Mostafa Bouljihad, Kaushiki Mazumdar, Pete Didier, and Preeti Chhabra for their technical assistance. We also thank Dr. Margaret K. Hostetter for her advice and support.
Author Contributions
Conceived and designed the experiments: KS TF. Performed the experiments: SF BF JD EH XA BP NG. Analyzed the data: KS SF TF JV XA BP. Contributed reagents/materials/analysis tools: JV XA BP. Wrote the paper: KS TF JV.
References
- 1. Farkas T, Sestak K, Wei C, Jiang X (2008) Characterization of a rhesus monkey calicivirus representing a new genus of Caliciviridae. J Virol 82: 5408–5416.
- 2. L'Homme Y, Sansregret R, Plante-Fortier E, Lamontagne AM, Ouardani M, et al. (2009) Genomic characterization of swine caliciviruses representing a new genus of Caliciviridae. Virus Genes 39: 66–75.
- 3. Wolf S, Reetz J, Otto P (2011) Genetic characterization of a novel calicivirus from a chicken. Arch Virol 156: 1143–1150.
- 4. Patel MM, Hall AJ, Vinjé J, Parashar UD (2009) Noroviruses: A comprehensive review. J Clin Virol 44: 1–8.
- 5. Scallan E, Hoekstra RM, Angulo FJ, Tauxe RV, Widdowson MA, et al. (2011) Foodborne illness acquired in the United States – major pathogens. Emerg Infect Dis 17: 7–15.
- 6. Atmar RL (2010) Noroviruses – State of the Art. Food Environ Virol 2: 117–126.
- 7. Zheng DP, Ando T, Fankhauser RL, Beard RS, Glass RI, et al. (2006) Norovirus classification and proposed strain nomenclature. Virology 346: 312–323.
- 8. Wyatt RG, Greenberg HB, Dalgard DW, Allen WP, Sly DL, et al. (1978) Experimental infection of chimpanzees with the Norwalk agent of epidemic viral gastroenteritis. J Med Virol 2: 89–96.
- 9. Cheetham S, Souza M, Meulia T, Grimes S, Han MG, et al. (2006) Pathogenesis of a genogroup II human norovirus in gnotobiotic pigs. J Virol 80: 10372–10381.
- 10. Rockx BH, Bogers WM, Heeney JL, van Amerongen G, Koopmans MP (2005) Experimental norovirus infections in non-human primates. J Med Virol 75: 313–320.
- 11..
- 12. Subekti DS, Tjaniadi P, Lesmana M, McArdle J, Iskandriati D, et al. (2002) Experimental infection of Macaca nemestrina with a Toronto Norwalk-like virus of epidemic viral gastroenteritis. J Med Virol 66: 400–406.
-.
- 14. Cannon JL, Lindesmith LC, Donaldson EF, Saxe L, Baric RS, et al. (2009) Herd immunity to GII.4 noroviruses is supported by outbreak patient sera. J Virol 83: 5363–5374.
- 15. Lindesmith L, Moe C, Lependu J, Frelinger JA, Treanor J, et al. (2005) Cellular and humoral immunity following Snow Mountain virus challenge. J Virol 79: 2900–2909.
- 16. Hutson AM, Altmar RL, Graham DY, Estes MK (2002) Norwalk virus infection and disease is associated with ABO histo-blood group type. J Infect Dis 185: 1335–1337.
- 17. Lindesmith L, Moe C, Marionneau S, Ruvoen N, Jiang X, et al. (2003) Human susceptibility and resistance to Norwalk virus infection. Nat Med 9: 548–553.
- 18. Tan M, Jiang X (2010) Norovirus gastroenteritis, carbohydrate receptors, and animal models. PLoS Pathog 6: e1000983.
- 19. Farkas T, Cross RW, Hargitt E, Lerche NW, Morrow AL, et al. (2010) Genetic diversity and histo-blood group antigen interactions of rhesus enteric caliciviruses. J Virol 84: 8617–8625.
- 20..
- 21. Bok K, Prikhodko VG, Green KY, Sosnovtsev SV (2009) Apoptosis in murine norovirus-infected RAW264.7 cells is associated with downregulation of survivin. J Virol 83: 3647–3656.
- 22..
- 23.: 3212–3227.
- 24. LoBue AD, Lindesmith LC, Baric RS (2010) Identification of cross-reactive norovirus CD4+ T cell epitopes. J Virol 84: 8530–8538.
- 25. Perry JW, Wobus CE (2010) Endocytosis of murine norovirus 1 into murine macrophages is dependent on dynamin II and cholesterol. J Virol 84: 6163–6176.
- 26..
- 27. Farkas T, Dufour J, Jiang X, Sestak K (2010) Detection of norovirus-, sapovirus- and rhesus enteric calicivirus-specific antibodies in captive juvenile macaques. J Gen Virol 91: 734–738.
- 28. Wei C, Farkas T, Sestak K, Jiang X (2008) Recovery of infectious virus by transfection of in vitro-generated RNA from tulane calicivirus cDNA. J Virol 82: 11429–11436.
- 29. Jiang B, McClure HM, Fankhauser RL, Monroe SS, Glass RI (2004) Prevalence of rotavirus and norovirus antibodies in non-human primates. J Med Primatol 33: 30–33.
- 30. Wang Y, Tu X, Humphrey C, McClure H, Jiang X, et al. (2007) Detection of viral agents in fecal specimens of monkeys with diarrhea. J Med Primatol 36: 101–107.
- 31. Bok K, Parra GI, Mitra T, Abente E, Shaver CK, et al. (2011) Chimpanzees as an animal model for human norovirus infection and vaccine development. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 108: 325–330.
- 32. Patel MM, Widdowson MA, Glass RI, Akazawa K, Vinje J, et al. (2008) Systematic literature review of role of noroviruses in sporadic gastroenteritis. Emerg Infect Dis 14: 1224–1231.
- 33..
- 34.. J Infect Dis 202: 1649–1658.
- 35. Atmar RL, Bernstein DI, Harro CD, Al-Ibrahim MS, Chen WH, et al. (2011) Norovirus vaccine against experimental human Norwalk Virus illness. N Engl J Med 365: 2178–2187.
- 36. Smith AW, Skilling DE, Anderson MP, Benirschke K (1985) Isolation of primate calicivirus Pan paniscus type 1 from a douc langur (Pygathrix nemaeus l.). J Wildl Dis 21: 426–428.
- 37. Symes SJ, Gunesekere IC, Marshall JA, Wright PJ (2007) Norovirus mixed infections in an oyster-associated outbreak: an opportunity for recombination. Arch Virol 152: 1075–1086.
- 38. Bull RA, Tanaka MM, White PA (2007) Norovirus recombination. J Gen Virol 88: 3347–3359.
- 39. Kaplan JE, Gary GW, Baron RC, Singh N, Schonberger LB, et al. (1982) Epidemiology of Norwalk gastroenteritis and the role of Norwalk virus in outbreaks of acute nonbacterial gastroenteritis. Ann Intern Med 96: 756–761.
- 40. Yang SY, Hwang KP, Wu FT, Wu HS, Hsiung CA, et al. (2010) Epidemiology and clinical peculiarities of norovirus and rotavirus infection in hospitalized young children with acute diarrhea in Taiwan, 2009. J Microbiol Immunol Infect 43: 506–514.
- 41. Parrino TA, Schreiber DS, Trier JS, Kapikian AZ, Blacklow NR (1977) Clinical immunity in acute gastroenteritis caused by Norwalk agent. N Engl J Med 297: 86–89.
- 42. Wyatt RG, Dolin R, Blacklow NR, DuPont HL, Buscho RF, et al. (1974) Comparison of three agents of acute infectious nonbacterial gastroenteritis by cross-challenge in volunteers. J Infect Dis 129: 709–714.
- 43. Agus SG, Dolin R, Wyatt RG, Tousimis AJ, Northrup RS (1973) Acute infectious nonbacterial gastroenteritis: intestinal histopathology. Histologic and enzymatic alterations during illness produced by the Norwalk agent in man. Ann Intern Med 79: 18–25.
- 44. Dolin R, Levy AG, Wyatt RG, Thornhill TS, Gardner JD (1975) Viral gastroenteritis induced by the Hawaii agent. Jejunal histopathology and serologic response. Am J Med 59: 761–768.
- 45. Schreiber DS, Blacklow NR, Trier JS (1974) The small intestinal lesion induced by Hawaii agent acute infectious nonbacterial gastroenteritis. J Infect Dis 129: 705–708.
- 46..
- 47. Bailey D, Kaiser WJ, Hollinshead M, Moffat K, Chaundry Y, et al. (2010) Feline calicivirus p32, p39 and p30 proteins localize to the endoplasmic reticulum to initiate replication complex formation. J Gen Virol 91: 739–749.
- 48. Lay MK, Atmar RL, Guix S, Bharadwaj U, He H, et al. (2010) Norwalk virus does not replicate in human macrophages or dendritic cells derived from the peripheral blood of susceptible humans. Virology 406: 1–11.
- 49. Chan MC, Ho W, Sung JJ (2011) In vitro whole-virus binding of a norovirus genogroup II genotype 4 strain to cells of the lamina propria and Brunner's glands in the human duodenum. J Virol 85: 8427–8430.
- 50. Bjorck P, Kincade PW (1998) CD19+ pro-B cells can give rise to dendritic cells in vitro. J Immunol 161: 5795–5799.
- 51. Molica S, Datillo A, Mannella A, Levato D (1994) CD11c expression in B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia. A comparison of results obtained with different monoclonal antibodies. Haematologica 79: 452–455.
- 52. Postigo AA, Corbi AL, Sanchez-Madrid F, de Landazuri MO (1991) Regulated expression and function of CD11c/CD18 integrin on human B lymphocytes. Relation between attachment to fibrinogen and triggering of proliferation through CD11c/CD18. J Exp Med 174: 1313–1322.
- 53. Ehrhardt GR, Hijikata A, Kitamura H, Ohara O, Wang JY, et al. (2008) Discriminating gene expression profiles of memory B cell subpopulations. J Exp Med 205: 1807–1817.
- 54. Sestak K, Merritt CK, Borda J, Saylor E, Schwamberger SR, et al. (2003) Infectious agent and immune response characteristics of chronic enterocolitis in captive rhesus macaques. Infect Immun 71: 4079–86.
- 55. Sestak K, McNeal MM, Choi A, Cole MJ, Ramesh G, et al. (2004) Defining T-cell-mediated immune responses in rotavirus-infected juvenile rhesus macaques. J Virol 78: 10258–64.
- 56. Mazumdar K, Alvarez X, Borda JT, Dufour J, Martin E, et al. (2010) Visualization of transepithelial passage of the immunogenic 33-residue peptide from alpha-2 gliadin in gluten-sensitive macaques. PLoS One 5: e10228.
- 57..
- 58. Vega E, Barclay L, Gregoricus N, Williams K, Lee D, et al. (2011) Novel surveillance network for norovirus gastroenteritis outbreaks, United States. Emerg Infect Dis 17: 1389–1395.During an impromptu reunion of CNN's "Crossfire" Friday, Pat Buchanan told his old sparring partner Bill Press, "You’ve got to get beyond being a fringe talk show host."
In the middle of a very heated debate on MSNBC's "The Ed Show," Buchanan strongly cautioned the host and his liberal guest, "I think this last week, there’s been a climate of hatred built up against [Sarah Palin] who did nothing and I tell you, if she does run for president of the United States, I pray to the lord she’s given secret service protection from day one" (video follows with transcript and commentary):
ED SCHULTZ, HOST: Welcome back to THE ED SHOW. The "Battleground" story tonight, I guess you could say, Sarah Palin is doubling down. She has no regrets, she’s not apologizing. And she’s’t going to like that but the righties are gunning up, I guess you could say. She’s also scheduled to do her first live interview with Sean Hannity on the republican FOX News Channel Monday night. She’s not backing down. I think we’ve got that, and she still has her sights set on 2012 and I think she’s had a pretty tough week but let’s’s not uses it as what means to start up the wars, one against another again.
Nicely stated by Buchanan. Now watch Press's pathetic response.
PRESS: Hey, Ed, look, if Sarah Palin’s a victim, I’m an astronaut. Let me tell you something the victims are lying on the ground outside of the Safeway last Saturday in Tucson. Sarah Palin is a political figure, she’s a person who has used a lot of inflammatory rhetoric, nobody starting with you, Ed, me, not the president, nobody blamed her for what happened in Tucson, but they did say that she’s one of the ones who’s used a lot of gun-filled rhetoric including putting out that map with the crosshairs, she’s called it bull’s’s disgusting and I think her political career is over.
BUCHANAN: Well, you’ve thought a lot of people’s political careers are over, Bill and they won 63 seats in the house last fall. President of the United States, Barack Obama said 19 -- what was it 2008 when the Republicans bring a knife to a fight, we’re going to bring a gun. That’s over the top rhetoric. It had nothing to do with what happened out there in Arizona. And neither did Sarah Palin. You talk about her whining, she’s come out tough. She’s not only defended herself but she’s gone on the attack and that’s why you folks are out here talking about her tonight.
PRESS: But that’s the problem, Pat. She went on the attack. Thank you for saying that. That’s exactly what she did. That’s not what they.
BUCHANAN: Right.
PRESS: Wait a minute, let me finish, please. That’s not what the American people wanted to hear.
BUCHANAN: How do you know what the American people want?
Great question, especially given recent polling data finding a small percentage of Americans believe the media was right for blaming this tragedy on heated political rhetoric.
Not surprisingly, facts weren't interfering with Press's view of things:
PRESS: Because, because, Pat, you look at the response to that memorial service where the president hit absolutely the right tone. Sarah Palin is tone deaf, at some point she’s got to go beyond being a fringe candidate, Pat. She had a chance. She missed it. She blew it. She’s done.
BUCHANAN: Look, you’ve got to get beyond being a fringe talk show host, Bill. Here’s what happened.
(LAUGHTER)
PRESS: You’re a fringe TV talker. Come on, Pat, you can’t -- why can’t -- can you get away from the personal attacks?
SCHULTZ: All right. Let’s go back to this, gentlemen, let’s go back to this.
BUCHANAN: All right. Let me go back to the basic point.
SCHULTZ: Pat, you bring up the point about what the president said. The president ought to apologize for that. He said it was the wrong use of words, he shouldn’t have done it. Sarah Palin’s apologized for nothing and I have to ask you, is it appropriate to put these crosshairs up and granted the Democrats have done it in the past but in the environment that we’re in right now, doesn’t this deserve you know, maybe I shouldn’t have done that? She can’t even bring herself to do that, Pat.
BUCHANAN: Well, look, she’s got nothing to apologize for because she did nothing wrong.
SCHULTZ: OK.
BUCHANAN: Going forward, Ed, going forward, because of this, the Democrats showing the bull’s eyes on the stage, the crosshairs in the states, that goes out. But, Ed, look, why are you talking.
SCHULTZ: How about blood libel? Is that going forward, Pat? Let’s’ll tell you what, when Alan Grayson says, Republicans want you to die quickly -- that is a smear.
SCHULTZ: I’m not talking about Grayson. I’m talking about Sarah Palin, was that appropriate?
BUCHANAN: She’s got the same right to use that phrase as Alan Dershowitz did.
SCHULTZ: OK.
BUCHANAN: As Andrew Sullivan did. As Michael Barone did. As Ann Coulter did.
SCHULTZ: Ann Coulter, there’s a source for you.
PRESS: Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy.
BUCHANAN: You know, let me tell you this. You know, Ed, look, you talk about a climate of hate. Now I think this last week, there’s been a climate of hatred built up against this woman who did nothing and I tell you, if she does run for president of the United States, I pray to the lord she’s given secret service protection from day one.
Great point, especially given reports on Wednesday that Palin is now receiving an unprecedented number of death threats:
(CROSSTALK)
SCHULTZ: I tell you what, I hope that she has all of the protection in the world. Go ahead, Bill. I’ll give you -- go ahead.
PRESS: Just let me get in here, look, all people said is that among with a lot of other people, Sarah Palin used an imagery that was inappropriate. It would had been so easy for her to say, you know what, I didn’t intend any harm to anybody and I know she didn’t. I don’t accuse her of that.
BUCHANAN: Why you’ve’t use that language again, that’s all people wanted to hear and then move on, instead she missed that opportunity, Pat. The president saw the opportunity. And I really think that she made a fatal mistake in terms of her political career, just like going to this gun show, Pat. She’s already got that crowd. What’s that going to get her? Nothing but more inflammatory rhetoric.
BUCHANAN: The last person -- Sarah Palin is a national sensation. The second-most beloved woman in America after respected after Hillary Clinton. She’s got great success on the circuit. Eighteen of the 20 districts.
PRESS: Fine.
BUCHANAN: She targeted. She won those races. She doesn’t’t release the tape, Pat, she did. I didn’t’s’re talking about Sarah Palin. We’re talking about Sarah Palin, Pat.
SCHULTZ: All right. We have to go. Thanks. Pat Buchanan and Bill Press, you guys are great.
Yeah, you are talking about Sarah Palin, Bill. Seems like that's all you liberal media members want to talk about.
Makes you wonder why more people don't want the former Alaska governor to become president just to show up all the so-called journalists that have been tearing her limb from limb since August 2008.
Exit question: will liberal media members like Press and Schultz ever admit they were wrong for immediately tying Palin to this awful event, or will they continue pointing their fingers despite the evidence?
(H/T Right Scoop)
<<
10.02.2013 | 恭喜發財
Hiat aarrrrrr! My first CNY sip!
Alamak typo error!. One more time. ..... Huat aarrrrr!
Happy New Year everyone!!!!!
Gong Xi Fa Cai, TM!
Happy holidays, Lina!
ANAY slept too late last night welcoming the God of Prosperity and woke up too early this morning, first word of the first sip already a typo!! haha~~
Gong xi fatt chai gong xi fatt chai
GONG XI FA CAI, SK, everyone!
Wishing you and your loved ones a happy and prosperous Chinese New Year. May the Year of the Snake bring you health & wealth, joy & happiness!
I like her singing! So sentimental until my tears wanna come out. When I was small those wooden box radio aired songs like this. Miss my childhood days.
oooh, Anay you know who she is?? i always like those CNY songs from that era, i guess around 40s and 50s!! they are indeed nice and full of CNY feel compared to CNY songs now..
Ah boy should sing instead with his new hairdo and post to You Tube.
nah, i don't want to scared all my readers off!! i still need more readers to comment, haha~~
Yea, good morning SK and everyone!!
First day in the year of snake!! Wishing everyone a happy chinese new year!
So SK how many ang pao you planning to collect this year? Hehe...
Me can't wait to bring my son to go collect ang pao now!! He's napping, probably going out in another hour time =)
This is the most common CNY song we've heard for years!! Classic but simply lovely~
Gong Xi Fa Cai, Hayley!
hahaha, collecting for so many years already i have no plan but the angpow come automatically to me lah, hehehehe!! you should bring Aden to take revenge, and next year maybe, being another baby to take more revenge!! :D
恭喜發財~ 红包拿来～
恭喜發財!
歹勢, 我今年沒有娶, 沒有派紅包~~ :p
Gong Xi Fa Cai, SK and all!
gong xi fa cai to you and your family too!! :)
Sing Nien Kuai Le!!! Happy Happy New Year!!!
same to you too.. xin nian kuai le, wan shi ru yi!!
The song sounds good... I just don't understand the lyrics :P
But the preview was funny... when she asked for the Angpao first...
Happy Chinese New Year SK
well, it's a song to describe the happiness of chinese new year and the atmosphere we can feel among the streets and places.. a very classic CNY song that we still sing now.. :)
Happy and Healthy Chinese New Year to you, SK!!
may the year of snake brings you and your family lots of health and wealth too~~ :)
Wanakum! 新年愉快 如意吉祥 Huat La Ulala..;).
huat huat bananaz!! ulala~~ hahahaha!! hey, i like this, sounds like cheering yeah?? :p
Gong Xi Fa Cai SK
uhmmm so where's my ampao? haha just kidding.. may you have a blissful and prosperous year SK
gong xi fa cai!! hahaha, you won't be getting any angpow from me, because in the chinese tradition, only the married ones will give angpow~~ :p
Nice song. The singers in that era very good "lai yum". All original. Unlike now many depend on digital enhancement.
yeah, i actually prefer the CNY songs around that era.. got so many people them in youtube and i always select a few to post on my blog during CNY, they are indeed very nice!!
Gong Xi Fa Cai to you and your family SK!
same to you, hope you and saucer are enjoying CNY celebration in Sydney~~ :p
xīn nián kuài lè,
nián nián yǒu yú,
haha well i google these mandarin greetings haha
I just don't know if its right and proper
wow, thanks for that!! indeed very proper and right for chinese new year~~ :)
well, in the words i know
I just wanted to greet you a happy chinese new year
my friend may you have a great and prosperous
new year I know
this would gonna be great for you as always
though you are not celebrating CNY, i would also wish you all health and wealth for this new year.. :)
thanks sk that is what i need the most
The priest told on his homily last sunday mass
about the chinese zodiax animals
last year was water dragon and it was said to vring a lot of
disaster involving water which happened to our country last year
and this year water snakes
the priest told us to expect
smooth money transactions
and it was advisable to go into business
yeah, this year is the year of water snake!! wow, you went to some chinese new year celebration over there?? hmmm, that priest knows fengshui??
no he was just the type of the priest who includes trivias during
his homily he quite a clever man
anyway i can't understand the song
ahaha, it's madarin what do i expect haha
but anyway what is it all about?
the retro pictures were just like our here
i mean those plays and old movies has those
kinds of posters
it's a very classic CNY song that we still sing now.. well, it basically describes the happiness of chinese new year and the atmosphere we can feel among the streets and places.. :)
that makes sense well here in our country only christmas songs were sung like that haha i mean through generations
have a great day sk and happy blogging
take the best of care and god bless you
and again happy new year
thank you again and you have a great day too.. :)
Happy Chinese New Year!! :)
thank you for that.. wishing you lots of health and wealth too, though you are not celebrating :)
恭喜发财!!! =]
Ok, this was Chinese New Year Day 1 post. That day I woke at 9am, because we slept quite late. Then, I grrr....grrr......grrr on the bed for half an hour only I decided to wake up and bath, ahem!
I changed into my CNY clothes, I changed my two girls into their CNY clothes. Jin Jin set up the camera timer, we took our family portraits. Then, we went to PIL house to 拜年。
After 拜年, we went to two temples to 拜神和祈福。Evening, we went PIL house again for steamboat. That's almost all about my Day 1.
I think Chinese New Year, we should not forget these few things.
"和气生财"
"家和万事兴".
So, please avoid arguement and quarreling during Chinese New Year.
Gong Xi Fa Cai, SK!
新年快乐，万事如意，身体健康。
嘩，又嚟懷舊風啊？！恭喜發財，身體健康。CGTalk
>
Software Specific Forums
>
Autodesk Maya
>
Maya Character Setup
> Character rig: Correct one side, incorrect other.
PDA
View Full Version :
Character rig: Correct one side, incorrect other.
Halogen
05-27-2007, 02:00 AM
Hey there.
This question has probably been asked many times before, i did a few searches but i can't seem to find a solution that works.
What i have is a basic character, rigged up with a smooth bind. After painting the weights in, the right arm works fine without affecting parts of the body/head that it shouldnt, but the other deforms the head when moved. The head is a seperate mesh from the body but is part of the same smooth bind. Even if i make it seperate, the left arm still deforms it.
I read about being able to mirror painted weights, something about selecting vertices of both sides and going to the mirror tool in edit smooth skin. Do i select the vertices on the mesh (ie right click > vertices > select with select tool)? Every time i try and do this it selects the bones/ik rig. Am i doing this right?
And another thing i notice, even though the head object is part of the same skin bind as the body, when painting weights, it only shows shoulder bones and head bones, so i am unsure if any other bones are affecting the head deformation...
Hope i have explained my problem clearly!
Cheers,
Jarrad
Halogen
05-27-2007, 09:44 AM
nevermind... i just converted it into one mesh and did it that way
CGTalk Moderation
05-27-2007,.The QB Specialists is dedicated to establishing a trusting relationship with its users, based on respect for personal identity and information, by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers all Web properties owned and maintained by The QB Specialists, including but not limited to. Because The QB Specialists wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users’ privacy, we are disclosing:
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should contact The QB Specialists Customer Support by email at ruth@pos-deals.com.
The QB Specialists is the sole owner of the information collected on its web properties, including. The QB Specialists collects information from its users at several different points on our Web sites.
In order to use The QB Specialists. The QB Specialists, The QB Specialists will not disclose to third parties contact information uploaded to our Web sites by our users for the purpose of using The QB Specialists products or services.
We send all new customers welcoming emails and may communicate with them regarding our products and services. Visitors to our website that are not customers but provide The QB Specialists with contact information may receive emails from The QB Specialists that contain information about our products, special offers and other promotions. Established users will occasionally receive emails containing information about us, updates on new products, sales specials, information about other The QB Specialists products that are likely to be of interest to our users, and customers satisfaction questions. Visitors and The QB Specialists users may opt-out of such notices. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections. We may contact former customers to gather feedback on the services.
We send all customers emails summarizing their order details including credit card charges. These emails are a part of the The QB Specialists QB Specialists The QB Specialists.
The QB Specialists users and visitors who do not wish to receive our promotional communications may opt-out from receiving these communications by clicking the opt-out link included at the bottom of every promotional message.
The QB Specialists users may not opt-out of receiving invoices, service announcements, and customer service communications, although they can deactivate their account.
The QB Specialists’s Web sites contain links to other sites. Please be aware that The QB Specialists QB Specialists’s Web sites. The QB Specialists has advertising and affiliate relationships with dozens of third party sites that drive interested parties to our sites. Information that is collected on these sites does not fall within the auspices of this policy.
The QB Specialists takes every precaution to protect its user’s information. When users submit sensitive information via The QB Specialists The QB Specialists The QB Specialists to properly fulfill its obligations to users and understand our customer demographics it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources. The QB Specialists verifies the billing address on all credit card transactions and may obtain credit reports for some corporate customers. The information obtained from these third party sources is maintained in a manner consistent with The QB Specialists’s Privacy Policy.
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information by contacting The QB Specialists ruth@pos-deals.com or contact:
The QB Specialists
Attn: Ruth Perryman
411 Manzanita Avenue
Roseville CA 95678bakerandtheegg.com
Arctic Polar Bear Cookies {recipe}
mealime.com
Crisp and tangy, this chicken tenders dish is even better than your favorite pub version, and is perfect with orange broccoli slaw!
Roasted Cauliflower and Chickpea Soup
omnivorescookbook.com
Lotus Root Soup With Pork Ribs | a soothing winter soup that is full of nutrition and low in calories
Blood Orange Champagne Punch. A gorgeous and festive winter citrus cocktail! (Plus a hilarious how-to video.)
Flavor, filling soup studded with roasted cauliflower chunks and gooey cheddar cheese. A fabulous comfort dish for wintertime.
A Perfect Winter Salad - Lentils, Radicchio and Walnuts with Honey & Fresh Herbs
zoomyummy.com
Cold and Flu Remedy Drink with Orange Lemon and Spices {drink recipe}
Baked Sweet Potatoes With Cannellinis and Baby Spinach
food52.com
White Bean and Kale Soup with Sausage
Coconut Honey Crepes with Whipped Mascarpone + Blood Orange Compote.
sweetlittlekitchen.com
Braised Winter Chicken with Rice
Surf and Turf: Steak and Lobster with Spicy Roasted Garlic Chimichurri Butter.
Winter Citrus Salad - simple to put together but big on flavor!
A very healthy and filling soup made with broccoli, Brussels sprouts, leeks and more. Get those greens in! Freezer friendly, vegan.
Cran.Carter named arts Student of the Month
Jonah Carter has received the Camden Hills Regional High School Visual and Performing Arts Department Student of the Month award for April.
Carter has been actively involved in the CHRHS music and drama programs throughout his high school career. He has played percussion in both Concert and Pep Bands and has sung Tenor with the CHRHS Chorale for four years. This year, Carter is also a member of the select vocal ensemble: Chamber Singers. Carter has been accepted into the MMEA District III Mixed Chorus for all four years, and has been accepted into the prestigious MMEA All State Chorus in 2013 and 2014.
On stage, Carter has been involved in the CHRHS theater program for four years and has had the chance to portray many roles in fall musicals, winter One-Acts and spring plays. From ensemble to lead, he brings energy and excitement to every rehearsal and performance. As a freshman, he played a stiff character – literally – by playing the part of the murdered victim in "I’m Getting Murdered in the Morning." And this year, he regaled audiences as the flamboyant and fun-loving Donkey in "Shrek, the Musical." Donkey’s character was the dancing, talking, cajoling side-kick partner to the pensive Shrek character; and the local crowds enjoyed every minute of his performance. This spring, Carter is joining with a cast of 10 peers to present "A Night at the Improv!" Carter has a quick mind, quirky sense of humor and excellent stage presence. He and his peers will be rocking the audience with laughter this coming May when they present "A Night at the Improv!"
In the fall, Carter will attend Colby College as a liberal arts major. Whether in the classroom, or on the stage, Carter embraces each educational and performance opportunity with exuberance and dedication, giving 100 percent to the process, his peers, his directors and his school. He has established a discipline of excellent work habits and a spirit of camaraderie that will stay with him throughout his life.
CONGRATULATIONS Jonah !
Sharon, Tim & LoganHarwell has shown substantial leadership in working with both her fellow Republicans and Democrats on major issues such as public education, including landmark legislation to bring charter schools to Davidson County.
Harwell said she has been “impressed” with the Obama administration’s action on education reform, adding that she doesn’t think she could’ve gotten the charter schools bill passed without some help from administration officials. She likes the idea of increased standards, but she believes more reform is necessary so that children are meeting — at the least — pre-reform standards. She said “we’ve run out of excuses” for poor test scores, and that it is time for significant changes, including more teacher accountability.
Harwell irked Republicans when she voted against allowing guns in bars and restaurants. She was also a co-sponsor of the Health Freedom Act, which criticizes the federal health care reform law. She said she did so because she believes the federal government is overstepping its bounds into states’ territory.
Matthew Kenigson is Harwell’s Democratic challenger. He is a bright, talented tech entrepreneur whose passion is in education reform. Kenigson has many substantial ideas. We urge him to start his political career on a lower level, perhaps as a candidate for school board.
You "urge" Matt Kenigson to start at a lower level?
Beth Harwell is a career politician. She's taken over $100K from big Wall Street bankers, she's taken over $100K from taxpayers for per diems despite living SIX MILES away from the capitol, she's voted over 70 times to raise taxes while calling herself a tax fighter, she said she "would be able to support" an income tax, and her family company outsources jobs to China and makes toys dangerous for children.
Beth Harwell is nothing more than a corrupt career politician with no regard to her constituents' well beings. We need fresh, untainted candidates like Matt Kenigson running against the corrupt monsters like Beth Harwell.
Wow, the CP is actually endorsing a Republican for a State House seat? Could it be that they had to throw a token 'bone' to its readers and endorse a candidate that will will by a 2-1 margin in the one of the most stead-fast urban Republican districts in the state?
It's a shame that the editorial board of the CP has swung 180 degrees from the original CP editorial board which came into existence to challenge the left-wing Tennessean having a stronghold on the slanted media.'Captain America 2': Is Dominic Cooper Returning for More Marvel?Nick Romano |
'Captain America 2,' like the rest of the Marvel family, is bringing back a handful of familiar faces from the first outing for the upcoming 'The Winter Soldier.' Hayley Atwell's Officer Carter, though she will not be a bulky role in the sequel (because, you know, she's dead), has been revealed to return in a "flashback" capacity. So what other stars might be returning? We briefly chatted with Dominic Cooper, a star of the upcoming 'Dead Man Down,' to see if he'd be doing the same.
'Captain America' saw Cooper as Tony Stark's (aka Iron Man) dad, previously played by John Slattery in 'Iron Man' and 'Iron Man 2.' Though the 'Winter Soldier' takes place years after his lifetime, we were wondering if he'd be popping up in a cameo, much like Atwell, who was recently called in to shoot a flashback scene.
While simultaneously promoting his latest film 'Dead Man Down' and filming 'Fleming,' the TV miniseries based on 007 creator Ian Fleming, Cooper chatted with ScreenCrush briefly about some of his future projects. In terms of coming back for 'Captain America 2,' he said:.
Unfortunately, with the little time I was afforded to speak with Cooper, there wasn't time to press him further on that "um" moment he had, though it sounded like he stopped himself from saying "whether I can work it into my schedule." So perhaps if all works out, we'll be seeing Cooper return, perhaps in a future Marvel installment, as Mr. Stark.
Check back later in the week for our full interview with 'Dead Man Down' star Dominic Cooper, including details on working with the original 'Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' director Niels Arden Oplev, and leads Noomi Rapace ('Prometheus') and Colin Farrell ('Total Recall').Hotot is a new lightweight Twitter client for Linux (though I see there's also a Windows package available too) which although still in Alpha, it already looks very interesting! It doesn't come with many features by default for now (other than the basic features you would expect to find in a Twitter client, including search), but it's extensible through add-ons.
The version I've tested comes with 3 preinstalled addons: Gmap (geolocation information of tweets), image uploader and image preview. Also, Hotot comes with native notification system for both Gnome and KDE (and NotifyOSD for Ubuntu users).
One interesting feature in Hotot is that you can close the window and then bring it back using a keyboard shortcut (Alt + C by default) so it never stays in your way yet always runs in the background waiting to be summoned. And the keyboard functionality doesn't end there as Hotot can be fully controlled using the keyboard: you can go to the previous or next page (where the pages are: your home timeline, replies, direct messages and so on), move between tweets, enter compose mode and so on. You can see all the available keyboard shortcuts by going to "Help & About" in the Hotot menu.
Try Hotot
The Hotot download page doesn't hold any packages yet, though it seems it will soon offer packages for all major Linux distributions. Until then you can run it in Ubuntu using the commands below:
sudo apt-get install python-webkit python-notify python-keybinder mercurial python-distutils-extra cd hg clone hotot cd hotot/ python ./hotot/hotot.py
Update: Hotot has an Ubuntu daily PPA. To use it, paste the following commands in a terminal:
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:hotot-team
sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install hotot
Thanks to Linux Und Ich for the news!. -- Ilan xd (Talk) 00:24, February 24, 2013Small guard has big goals
By Kyle Inman
April 23, 2012
With one of college basketball under his belt, Missouri Western freshman point guard Reed Mells is making it his priority to stay in the gym and perfect his craft for the future. “Basketball is second only to God and my family in my life,” Mells said. “It’s the only thing I am really passionate about outside of those two things. I love playing and whatever is going on in my head whenever I step on the court is gone, all I can think about is ball.” With his father coaching the team, Mells started running the point at the age of five. He still carries the same values today that his father instilled in him back then. “He always told me if you are going to do something then try to be great at it,” Mells said. “Just be as good as you can be, and I really just took that to heart.” Unlike most 18-year-old freshmen, Mells doesn’t hesitate when asked what he wants to do with his life and the direction he wants it to go. He plans to use his time at Western as a vehicle to a professional career. “I want to play as long as I can at the highest level that I can,” Mells said. “Whether that’s professionally in the NBA or oversees or wherever, I just want to keep playing.” Mells feels like he is right where he is supposed to be and is happy with his decision to choose to play at Western for coach Tom Smith. It wasn’t easy for Mells to get a scholarship offer to play college basketball because of his 5-10, 165 pound frame and because of his location. Mells hails from Des Moines, Iowa, which is not known as a hot bed for major basketball talent. Harrison Barnes, who will be a top-5 pick in June’s NBA Draft, was that guy who garnered all of the attention in Iowa. Outside of Barnes, most players from the area are often overlooked by the power houses. “I went to a really small school and there was always doubts about whether I was going to be tall enough or strong enough to play at this level or any other level,” Mells said. “It was really hard, but Coach Smith had a lot of confidence in me.” As a senior in high school, Mells was part of a team that won 18 straight games and beat three of the top-ranked teams in the state playoffs. He averaged 20.5 points per game, 7.1 assists per game, 3.8 steals per game and 5.0 rebounds per game while leading his team to a district championship. He once lit up 45 points in a game on the road. “Being a small guard, my game is being able to get around people and get shots for myself and my teammates so being quick and being fast is a huge part of my game,” Mells said. Rarely do freshman step in and contribute at a four-year school right away, but Mells was given his opportunity with Western struggling to accumulate wins and having injury problems. He showed no fear of the moment and stepped into the starting lineup; his impact was felt immediately on the offense end. Mells started the last nine games of the season and dropped 17 points against Washburn. Mells has his focus on doing his part to make sure Western is a winner next season. “Coach Smith gave me a lot of confidence. He told me that he thought I was ready and that he thought I deserved some more minutes and he was going to give them to me and see how I responded,” said Mells. Mells credits some of the success of his transition to college basketball to unselfish upperclassmen Deionta Mitchell and James Harris, who play the same point guard position. “The older guys, just being point guards, were definitely really encouraging,” Mells said. “They would pick me up; they would also instruct me on how to do it the right way. It meant a lot that guys you would consider your brothers would really have your back like that.” Western finished the season at a disappointing 9-17 overall and 4-16 in MIAA conference play and struggled down the stretch of the season, failing to make the conference tournament. Mells will do everything in his power to ensure that next season isn’t a repeat performance. “This has been the worst year of my life as far as basketball has gone,” Mells said. “I can’t really blame anybody but the 14 of us in uniform. This was our season and we made it what it was, and now it’s a new team, a new year, and we have to make it what we want it to be.” Mells has learned that playing in the MIAA conference is every bit as tough as Coach Smith claimed it would be. “I don’t know if DII basketball, especially this league, gets the respect it deserves,” Mells said. “There are a lot of great players in this league.” It’s the off-season right now, but Mells knows what he needs to improve on and add to his game in order to turn his team into a winner next season. “I have to work a lot on my physical strength,” Mells said. “To help me get in the lane and find open guys so I don’t get stripped so much. That’s the next step. Coach Smith and I were talking a couple times and he said I need to become more of a true point guard especially when I keep playing this game longer because you don’t see a lot of 5-10 guards averaging 20 points per game.” This summer, Mells will be fine tuning his skills in the Capitol City League in Des Moines against Iowa State players and other college ballers that play in the Iowa area. Mells' goal is to spend four years turning Western into a winner and earn All-American status while continuing to prove that he can play the game that he loves at a high level. “Hopefully at the end of this four years, we have some banners hanging up.” Mells said. “I want them to say: 'This kid from Western, he could really go.'”By KELLY DANIELS
citybeat@bellsouth.net [2]
Tuesday’s heavy rainfall pushed Susan Shappley to her breaking point.
“I’m fed up,” Shappley told the Starkville Board of Aldermen on Tuesday.
Up to five inches of water filled Shappley’s house on Maple Drive on Tuesday, the latest in a long line of incidents in which her house has been flooded due to poor drainage infrastructure in her area of Green Oaks subdivision.
“I was stupid when I bought that house,” she said.
Shappley and her neighbors have dealt with poor drainage in the area for more than 20 years.
On Tuesday, the Board of Aldermen Tuesday unanimously decided to finally address the problem with an estimated $25,000 repair. The City of Starkville’s capital improvement drainage program will fund the project.
Construction of the Starkville Crossing Shopping Center on Highway 12 West agitated an area already in poor drainage conditions, Shapely said.
“I’m not an engineer,” she added, “but water is not supposed to run up hill.”
Shappley has become the face of disgruntled property owners at Green Oaks since she began calling attention to the floods.
Her first encounter occurred when Stark Road was not allowed a proper drainage system.
Her neighbors’ homes flooded with water up to four feet. She’s lost carpet, furniture and peace of mind during a time when most people open their windows to hear rainfall.
Shappley, who’s also been treated for cancer in the past year, said she could sell the house for fair market value but didn’t see the logic in a tremendous loss on the house
when its disrepair was not initially her fault.
She also didn’t want to take the city to court.
“I shouldn’t have to sue the city to solve a problem that’s the city’s problem,” she said.
But, since “stress is the best food cancer has,” she’s not worrying.
“I just want to fix the problem,” she said.
City officials are trying gradually to address drainage problems plaguing streets and parking lots for decades.
Ward 6 Alderman Roy Á. Perkins delivered a plea of his own Tuesday night for resolution of a long-standing problem in his ward.
“I’m going to show leadership in my chair tonight,” he said, again calling attention again to residents of Carver Drive who’ve suffered from foul smells and rampant mosquitos from a deep ditch along their backyard.
The board is addressing 40 feet of the problem area along Carver Drive each year.
“This is all about the welfare, health and safety of the people,” Perkins said.
Other business
In other business, the board also met its long-term goal of hiring a new information technology manager, Joel Clements, though, without explaining why, Perkins disagreed that Clements was the “best candidate.”
He asked city staff to ensure that all applicants for city positions were considered. Thirty-eight people applied for the position, and other officials argued that not all of them could be interviewed by the entire board, which welcome Clements with a 5-2 vote. Perkins and Ward 7 Alderman Henry Vaughn opposed Clements’ hiring.
The board’s strategic plan also includes expanding the the Building Department’s staff with an assistant.
The board approved a number of other items Tuesday, which include the following:
• A report from Municipal Court Judge Rodney Faver.
• An update from Administrative Hearing Officer Jenny Turner and from Hearing Enforcement Administrator Bill Green.
• The strategic plan as revised at the board retreat that took place on the weekend of January 14-15.
• Setting a time for interviewing Starkville School District Board candidates for Feb. 15, 2011 at 4:30 p.m.
• Advertising for a request for qualifications (RFQ) for facilities’ energy performance based on contracting services.
• Authorizing an additional block of 40 hours with Synergetics for its services during departmental transition.
• Authorizing the city’s historic preservation commission to apply for “Certified Local Government” status. The application also includes a letter of support from the mayor.
• Appointing Jason Barrett to the Historic Preservation Commission for the vacant term ending July 1, 2010.
• A parking garage use agreement with the Cotton Mill Conference Center & Hotel LLC.
• Allowing a multi-family residential use in a C-2 General Business for the Creamery at Central Station at 200 South Montgomery Street.
• All claims as of Jan. 28, 2011.
• Recommendations of candidates for promotion in the Starkville Fire Department.
• An educational assistance request for City Engineer Edward Kemp.
• Advertising for two vacant laborer positions in the Sanitation and Environmental Services Department.
• Hiring Curt Vickers as a firefighter to fill a vacant position.
• A revision to the 2011 water and sewer tap fees based on source of supply material bids.
• Issuing a notice to proceed to Gulf Coast Underground, the lowest source of supply bidder, to install linings in deteriorated manholes in the Rolling Hills Subdivision and on Banyan Road.
• Re-advertising for certain source of supply bids where bid responses did not comply with specifications, where non-competitively priced or no bids were received.
• Advertising for the sale of scrap metal and water meters.
Minutes from the meetings on Dec. 21, 2010; Jan. 4, 2011 and Jan. 18, 2011 were also approved and will soon be available on the city’s website at [3].
Links:
[1] City Hall_39.jpg
[2] mailto:citybeat@bellsouth.net
[3]Modeling circulation of train-set with multiple routing
Xie, Meiquan, Mao, Baohua, Ho, Tin Kin, Chen, Zhenqi, & Bai, Yun (2010) Modeling circulation of train-set with multiple routing. Journal of Transportation Systems Engineering and Information Technology, 10(3), pp. 50-57.
This is the latest version of this eprint.
Abstract
Planning on utilization of train-set is one of the key tasks of transport organization for passenger dedicated railway in China. It also has strong relationships with timetable scheduling and operation plans at a station. To execute such a task in a railway hub pooling multiple railway lines, the characteristics of multiple routing for train-set is discussed in term of semicircle of train-sets' turnover. In programming the described problem, the minimum dwell time is selected as the objectives with special derive constraints of the train-set's dispatch, the connecting conditions, the principle of uniqueness for train-sets, and the first plus for connection in the same direction based on time tolerance σ. A compact connection algorithm based on time tolerance is then designed. The feasibility of the model and the algorithm is proved by the case study. The result indicates that the circulation model and algorithm about multiple routing can deal with the connections between the train-sets of multiple directions, and reduce the train's pulling in or leaving impact on the station's
- Modeling circulation of train-set with multiple routing. (deposited 31 Oct 2010 22:13)
- Modeling circulation of train-set with multiple routing. (deposited 11 Apr 2011 22:46) [Currently Displayed]
Export: EndNote | Dublin Core | BibTeX
Repository Staff Only: item control pageFlorida A&M University Release: American Bar Association Releases Report on FAMU College of Law
ORLANDO, Fla. — Florida A&M University (FAMU) College of Law (COL) learned Thursday that it remains accredited by the American Bar Association (ABA) after going through a routine accreditation process and must submit additional information to the ABA for consideration.
The ABA, as a result of the March 2012 site visit, has asked Interim President Larry Robinson and COL Dean LeRoy Pernell to submit the information by May 1, 2013. After receipt of that information, the committee will further consider the accreditation of the College of Law.
“I will work diligently with Interim Provost Rodner Wright and his team, including the dean of the COL, to address all of the ABA concerns,” said Robinson. “We will rely heavily on the expertise of the various members of our team in the ABA Accreditation Review process.”
FAMU received a report from the ABA Accreditation Committee. The report was based on a site evaluation conducted during a March 2012 visit by an ABA committee to the COL. The site team released a preliminary report in September 2012.
Since the release of the September preliminary report, the COL has been working to address the concerns cited by hiring additional staff and implementing new programs to prepare students for the bar exam. In addition, the COL has provided an additional level of professional development for faculty, revised promotion and tenure rules, enhanced advising processes and boosted recruitment efforts.
“We believe the new measures, as well as the addition of staff, will work to strengthen our program,” said Pernell, dean of the College of Law. “We will move forward with addressing the specific ABA concerns.”
According to Pernell, the College has a newly revamped position of associate dean for teaching and faculty development, which would prepare comparative and trend analysis of faculty teaching load, scholarship and service and evaluate classroom performance. Pernell has also fully staffed the offices of Student Services and Administration, and Bar Preparation and Academic Success. A national search is underway for a highly qualified director for the Law School Career Services Office. The College of Law has also reinstituted a third-year review of tenure-tracked faculty. This review is designed to provide a peer-driven assessment of a faculty member’s progress in teaching, scholarship and service.
A copy of the report is available at.Mr. BLUMENAUER. The sequester drama that we are watching play out this week is exactly why I voted against the New Year's Day budget package.
Two months ago, all of the forces were aligned to force a bigger agreement, but we set our sights too low. It generated too little revenue, and, most importantly, there was not a fundamental reform in the way that we do business.
We merely put off the fiscal cliff in order to have not one, not two, but three such dramas between now and next summer. Friday is the sequestration; March 27, the continuing resolution runs out; and sometime this summer, the Treasury Department is going to run out of capacity to keep juggling the national debt, and we face that drama all over again.
Actually, there's a fourth cliff if you count the so-called ``dairy cliff'' which will potentially double milk prices in September.
The path forward is to focus on areas of potential agreement between the right and the left. A great place to start is health care. Reform is taking place around the country. And, in fact, nowhere is it more exciting and promising than what is happening in Oregon where we are working in concert with the implementation of the Health Care Reform Act to squeeze out waste and inefficiency. We are working to reward value instead of volume, and the Federal Government has bet $1.9 billion that we will be able to reduce health care inflation at least 2 percent a year and maintain quality.
Helping people stay well rather than paying people for disease and illness is a logical way to go. After all, the Affordable Care Act embedded every one of these major reforms that used to be bipartisan, that had been implemented by business, health care plans in red States and blue States, that had been advocated by Democratic and Republican Governors alike, and, indeed, supported by Members of the House and Senate in both parties. Instead of fighting health care reform, we ought to accelerate it. If we can deliver on the Oregon promise, it in and of itself will save more money nationally over the next 10 years than we're arguing about with the sequestration.
We also must address the huge budget challenges that are facing the Pentagon, in large measure because neither it nor Congress has insisted on change and, indeed, in some cases, has institutionalized bad decisions.
We haven't scaled back our horribly expensive, outmoded, inefficient nuclear deterrent program, maintaining perhaps 8-10 times the warheads for what we need for actual deterrence today with three massive, expensive, redundant delivery systems that are out of sync with today's threats. We haven't used nuclear weapons for the last 68 years. We probably won't use them for the next 68 years, and there is no imaginable circumstance when we would use even a fraction of the weapons we have. And the cost for that conservatively is in excess of two-thirds of $1 trillion over the next 10 years.
We've never come to grips with the cost of an all-volunteer Army. Our forces are significantly above what we had a decade earlier when we were supposedly staffed to fight two wars simultaneously. We need to scale that down, to refocus it, to supplement reductions in troop levels with beefed-up support to the National Guard, which is far more cost-effective and easier on our troops.
We need to reform our bloated, fossilized, outdated farm bill to spend less, help more farmers and the environment, and show that we can rise above politics and habits to have a farm program for this century, not 1949. The majority of farmers and ranchers in the United States get nothing. The majority of the support flows to the top 10 percent, who don't need it at all, and it distorts our international trade posture.
The final looming threat is the dysfunction, unfairness, and inefficiency of our tax system. It costs us huge sums to administer. It leaks hundreds of billions of dollars in tax avoidance, evasion, and mistakes, to say nothing of misplaced incentives, and it costs over $160 billion a year to administer.
Now, clearly there's a need for more revenue in a growing and aging population, but fundamentally, we need a new broad base of support that will help us pay the transition necessary for a reformed system.
Madam Speaker, this is not rocket science. This is within our capacity. We ought to get started on it now.
Source:why my tomato spagetti cools down so quickly?
hi
have you tried heating the dishes before serving?
I find a simmilar effect though, my theory is that the amount of water in the tomato sauce means that there is less insulation on the pasta, where as a fattier sauce like carbonara or a ragu are more resistant to air cooling. Probably totally wrong, but it's the only explaination i have ever reached.
- re: Samuelinthekitchen
that is very interesting i think.
it has some point. but how do i heat my dish? is dish heat proof?
and what do you think about that fresh pasta which is boiled about 1 or 2 mins may maintain much more heat well and moreover even more jucier compared to dried pasta.
i feel dried pasta when boiled enough wasn't moist enough.
hot pasta dishes should be served on very warmed plates (and, if you are mixing in a bowl rather than the pan - which, btw, is also a great way to bind the sauce with the pasta and maintain heat - the bowl should also be hot). recipes for home cooks very frequently (and badly, I should add) neglect to mention this - professional chefs automatically assume you would know to do this.
this is especially true for dishes involving sauces like carbonara or pesto.
- re: Karl S
- re: hae young
Two basic methods:
1. Oven at its lowest temperature (170F) - since plates should be able to withstand the temnperature of boiling water, this should not be a problem.
2. Scalding water - you put a kettle on (electric kettles are so useful for this).
I have a different method, since I live alone and generally don't serve pasta to guests - I take my large splatter screen and put it over the pot of boiling water, and invert my pasta bowl (from which I eat) over it, for the bowl to scald by steaming (wipe the bowl dry before using it, of course).
There are nifty plate warming devices, but they are an unnecessary expense (I was given one as a gift and haven't used it for years).
- re: hae young
I usually put the plates in the sink, put the colander (strainer) that I use to drain the pasta on the plates, and pour the pasta and water into the colander. The pasta stays in the colander, and the boiling-hot water drains onto the plates, getting them nice and hot. Then put the pasta back into the pot and serve as you normally would, on plates that are so hot that you need a potholder or towel to handle them. Works really well.
Jfood has the sauce heated when the pasta is ready for straining. He takes a little of the pasta water out of the pan right before the straining into the sink.
Then he return the pasta to the pan, add the sauce and a little of the saved pasta water and meld the flavors together in the pot. Then plate.
It is piping hot when served and stay very warm for the meal.
If I keep the sauce pot on the burner with low heat while I drain the al dente pasta, then put the drained pasta into the sauce pot and let it simmer for a few minutes, and serve from the pot.... the pasta & sauce are still hot when I serve the plates.
If I am going to serve from a large serving plate or bowl, I heat that under hot water directly at the sink, wipe the water from the inside and then put the pasta & sauce into the warmed serving vessel.
If you have to travel from one room to another with the plates.... the pasta is bound to cool down a little.If you love wine there is no better place to get married than one of the Okanagan Valley’s beautiful vineyards. Leah and Jeremy with all of their friends and family came from all over Canada and even Europe to share their day at Summerhill Pyramid Winery in Kelowna BC. We had been excited for this wedding for […]8/12/11
UACCM University Blvd. Promenade
The Promenade will be a walking path that will allow students to travel safely along University Boulevard...
8/21/11
Griffin Announces Continuation of 'Jump-Starting Jobs Tour'
Held at UACCM on Monday, August 15...
6/7/11
Links For Learning Raises Over $14,000 for UACCM Foundation
A field of nearly 120 golfers gathered at the Morrilton Country Club on a beautiful sunny day to compete in the three-person scramble tournament that helped raise over $14,000 in proceeds for the UACCM Foundation.
5/11/11
New Scholarships Available
Deadline: June 15, 2011Langley Speedway promoter Wayne Wyatt swears this really happened:
Several fans called Tuesday after the Daily Press published its 100 Years of Progress special section. Among the features was a glimpse at the region in 2096 that predicted major league stadiums, a bridge-tunnel to the Eastern Shore, bullet trains to Richmond and a superspeedway near Smithfield.To kick off the summer, I'm excited to once again be part of the Grateful Giveaways group, bringing you 9 awesome giveaways for more summer fun. Watch for a new one every hour on the hour!.
One lucky Deal Seeking Mom reader will win a set of Logitech products, including a wireless mouse, wireless keyboard and noise-cancelling headset! your laptop on the go? For work or play?
BONUS ENTRIES:
1. Follow Deal Seeking Mom in a reader or via e-mail updates.
2. Follow Deal Seeking Mom on Facebook or Twitter.
3. Follow Logitech21 comments }
← Previous Comments
It will be used for both work and play...and to surf your site of course!
I use my lap top for both work and play every day.
I follow Dsm on Facebook.
I use my laptop mostly for school.
I follow you on facebook
I liked logitech on facebook
I use our laptop to keep connected to family via e-mail...and to keep up with my coupon blogs, of course...can't miss a good deal :) !
I subscribe to DSM e-mails.
I follow DSM on Facebook.
I use my laptop for everything - work & play. This set would definitely be useful!
I'm an email subscriber
I like DSM on facebook
everywhere and mostly for fun
follow u via e-mail
follow u on FB
follow logitech on FB
I would use it for surfing the web. And watching videos online, while my kids are at piano lessons.
I use my laptop for play
I am a email subscriber.
We use ours for homeschooling.
Google reader subscriber.
← Previous CommentsBANNER ELK, N.C. -- The Lees-McRae College men's cross country team places two, Sondre Thorbergsen and Nathan Trimble, on the USTFCCCA All-Academic team for their efforts during the 2009 cross-country season.
Thorbergesen, a sophomore from Norway and majoring in Psychology and Sociology, and Trimble, a senior from Spring, Texas major in Wildlife Biology, 152 USTFCCCA All-Academic honorees represent 78 schools around the country.When Kate Bosworth finally read the script, she went after her agent with a knife
This week at the box office, Tangled and Harry Potter flip flopped, with Tangled taking over Harry Potter‘s number one spot. (A box office battled immortalized with the AP headline “Hairy vs. Harry,” which is already its own porn parody). It was a down weekend (11% from last year) of mostly boring movies, with the exception of the Natalie Portman-Mila Kunis lesbian tour de force Black Swan, which kissed and scissored its way to a $77,000 per-screen average in limited release. Girl Power!
The closest thing to an interesting story was Warrior’s Way coming in with $3.05 million from 1,622 locations, which managed to out-suck such sucky sucks as Jonah Hex, Dragonball Evolution, Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li and Punisher: War Zone. It’s probably not surprising for a movie that’s been on the shelf for two years and whose most prominent marketing was a 30-second TV spot that featured only the dialog, “Ninjas. Daaaamn.”
For a look at where Warrior’s Way ranks on the 2010 sucky movie depth chart, we go to our favorite nerds at Pajiba for an internet-approved Top 10 List:
You can measure a box-office bomb in several ways, and surely this list would look (slightly) different if you measured it simply on the difference between box-office gross and the production/marketing budget of the film. There’s a lot of variables you could use. But for the purposes of this list, we’re looking only at the real box office dollars of the 10 lowest grossing major studio releases (movies released in over 1500 theaters).
Enough with the math, nerd! Make with the cathartic numbering of things!
10. Splice: $17 million [never saw it, but I’ve heard good things]
9. Youth in Revolt: $15.2 million [I actually loved this one, but people hate Michael Cera]
8. My Soul to Take: $14.7 million [Wes Craven teen horror. Looks as horrible as the title.]
7. Repo Men: $13.7 million [Looked a lot like Repo! The Genetic Opera, which is never a good thing.]
6. Case 39: $13.2 million [still not sure this was even a real movie]
5. Let Me In $12.1 million [Matt Reeve’s Let The Right One In remake. Looked okay, got decent reviews, probably shouldn’t have opened it against The Social Network.]
4. Extraordinary Measures: $12 million [I ALREADY WORK AROUND THE CLOCK!]
3. 4.Jonah Hex $10.5 million [I loved this one too, but only because it was so hilariously bad]
2. MacGruber $8.5 million
1. The Warrior’s Way: $5.5 million (Estimate after a $3 million opening weekend) [via Pajiba]
If you ask me, the biggest surprise of this entire list is the fact that Case 39 made more money than Let Me In. But I guess that’s just the power of Renee Zellweger, Hollywood’s king maker.
I would let Kate stab me if I could stab her back.
surely this list would look (slightly) different if you measured it simply on the difference between box-office gross and the production/marketing budget of the film.
Stop fucking calling me Shirley; I’m still in mourning.
I saw Splice last night. There was a good idea in there somewhere but after a baker’s dozen of dumb decisions by the characters I just wanted everyone to die.
The wardrobe designer deserves an Oscar for actually making it appear Kate Bosworth has breasts.
Does MacGruber’s place on that list mean Lorne Michaels is finally done taking 6 minute SNL skits that would work best as 3 minute SNL skits and turning them into 90 minute movies?
Yeah, I didn’t think so either.
I liked Youth In Revolt. Michael Cera is much easier to enjoy when he’s playing a deliberately insufferable character. I think most of the hatred for him is from people who wish they were able to attract adorable almost-Asian girls simply by being weird and awkward. In real life the only thing those people attract are invites from Mother to come up from the basement and share a ham with her and that new asshole she’s dating :(((((((
I think Michael Cera should go door-to-door and allow people to enjoy him individually, rather than all at once in a theater.On News 88.9 KNPR
On Classical 89.7
1289 S. Torrey Pines Dr.
Las Vegas, NV 89146
Main Number: 1-702-258-9895
Toll Free: 1-888-258-9895
an
member station
Poker may be about calculating odds and winning money, but Rebecca Zisch reminds us that the human element is a part of it, too, and you can't find that on the Internet.
Add some items to your playlist to play them.The United States is losing ground quickly in the innovation sweepstakes to Japan, Denmark and other nations. There’s nothing mysterious about why: these and other nations have designed and funded federal policies to spur innovation, and we have not. The Fall, 2009 issue of Democracy: A Journal of Ideas features a symposium on “The Race to Innovate,” and examines what we should be doing in areas like finance, manufacturing, education, and creating new institutions that will help the private sector move forward. Among the articles addressing the topic are two articles by ITIF scholars: why innovation policy gets so little attention ("Making Washington Focus:First, Re-Educate the Economists") and benchmarking national innovation policies, ("America and the World: We’re Number 40!"). Kevin Huffman will also be presenting his article, "Education: Bringing Innovation to Scale" and Howard Wial will present his article "Strategy: A National Innovation Foundation". package versions follow Semantic Versioning model (semver.org).
Properties
Modules
- Network
- HTTP
Downloads
- haxy-1.0.tar.gz [browse] (Cabal source package)
- Package description (included in the package)
Maintainers' corner
For package maintainers and hackage trustees295 Full Text " Jf1X 8rtIf5 r -. 4-No 38 27 November 1946 ' Headquarters of the Naval Air Advanced Training Command and 7th Naval District 4 ------- --- ---- U. S. NAVAL AIR STATION AND NAVAL AIR TECHNICAL TRAINING CENTER, JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA ( ------- ------- --- - --------------- -- -- ------ ---- - ; Thanksgiving Holiday Begins .' * Navy Goes Over The Top In Community Chest Campaign . I II - II I '46 Red Feather I, Four Days Off Drive Reaches A Q :' + For Nearly All! " Total Of $5,604, t4 i Personnel Here ) t ""gt mb ,. \ i + + i 1 a' A as bA + THANKSGIVING DINNER & 1 JAX NAVAL ACTIVITIES : .' EXCEED $5,000 GOALIN I \ t b ( I Ia THURSDAY NIGHT DANCE THREE-WEEK EFFORT # ARE HOLIDAY EVENTS The Community Chest campaign Service and civilian personnel ; in local naval activities : at NAS Jacksonvillewill which closed Friday raised a celebrate the longest total of $5,601.03 through con. Thanksgiving Day holiday in . tributions from naval and civilian ya the station's history this personnel attached to t. week-end. Except for neces- a NAS, NATTC, NAATC, the Na- + sary maintenance work, practically - val Hospit Headquarters Cecil Field, i today. not to begin again until and Reserve Training, topping the i Monday morning. Only watch- unofficial goal by over $600. I standing will interfere with one .. ... of the longest liberties on recordTo Downtown campaign officials v <, '''' .H" 'x' --" '- ..&..:' expressed admiration over the fine : make this "awayCromhome"Thanksgiving showing made by the Navy and more pleasant for praised Captain K. M. Askin, gen- Tasty Dishes TS the thousands of men stationed eral chairman, for an excellent job. t t t here the Commissary Departmentis It was pointed out that last year's preparing the usual annual total contribution was only slightly W II A T' S TIIANKSGH Thanksgiving Dinner for the noon more than $2,000 higher than without turkeys! We had to get meal Thursday. About 5,000 the amount raised this despite pounds of the traditional bird will year them in somehow so we took a , the fact that personnel here 4 a go down the hatch, along with all at the time were double that on trip to the Turkey Farm at Wes- p ) the trimmings. Here's the menu: connett and here's the results. < Tomato Soup duty now. *eam of NAS military personnel led the Feeding the birds in the above Crackers field by contributing $2,161.33 to photo' are, left to right Doug Roast Young Tom Turkey this worthy cause. NAS civilian Crocket, S2c, of the Jax Air e Cranberry Sauce ,; werein second + Sage Dressing employees place News sports staff; Sarah Ann i Mashed Potatoes with a total ol $1,302.15.: The Nav- a al Air Technical Training Center Davis, AMMlc, of the Staff Pub- ('andied' Sweet Potatoes was third with donations totaling lie Information Office; and Shir- Buttered Asparagus $797.23. Other activities participating ley A. Sebaska, Ylc, and Katharine Buttered CornLettuceTomalo . in the drive and their contributions Mainside Salad Kelly Y3c of the were Seventh Naval District '\ q $ Russia Dressing Headquarters and NAATC (combined Personnel Office. In the photo at Hot Parker House Roll o, ) $608.90; Cecil Field .-_ right, the girls pose with their Pumpkin Meringue Pie M07.03; Naval Hospital$295.75: ; choices of the "birdoftheyearTurn Mixed Nuts ,f ind Reserve Training-$3161.It Bread, Butter, Coffee about's fair play so you was understood that certain Married men and their familieswill y=' .. lowntown naval activities were in- can can take your choice too I be enjoying traditional tluded in this campaign, but they ? of the girls, we mean, you Thanksgiving Day dinners, too, if were still unreported at press time lugs.JOKNavy. I reports from the Commissary Their contributions should swell Store are any indication. An estimated the Navy total to an even greater 3,750 pounds of turkey amount will be sold and there has beena Captain Askin expressed his strong demand for all the deli- thanks after the close of the effort Football Eleven Bows cacies which combine to make to everyone who helped push the Thanksgiving Dinner the most fes .; drive over the top. "The Navy has tive of the year.A . 1 I made a creditable showing in this Thanksgiving Dance is slated ;1"r. every campaign well as person those he who said who,contributed"conducted and each,and the as To Powerful Ft. Benning 19 12'I for giving Mainside night. Auditorium The Air Thanks Station Continued on rage S) I j (Continued on rage 4) --- . -AUMIRAL GREETS GENERAL : Ky Doug CnnUet, S 2c r DECORATED AT INSPECTION I II The Fort Bennlng football eleven - I in the persons of Johnny'i __ I Greene and Johnny Sauer lived up I to all its press notices Saturday -_ I night at Municipal Stadium as : watched the Doughboys - i 5,000 people I ; L I top Jax-Navy, 19-12. I II . x b1Y Though the locals came out on ... I the short en* of the score, they 1-- aa I played a marvelous game considering I that Fort Benning is rated 'the No 1 service( team of the nation ... , , ".,, , \ U i Sauer. an ex-West Pointer, was '" ':' . the star of the game as he scored two touchdowns and passed to " 'Hilhard Shands for the otherGreen . + 5t r I played only three quarters .v. ..:;.,.)"" > > , before he retired for the night, ', .. .' : ./ "J: . but during that time he smashed A dKOtt* OK 'l'1It.1t.N: : DLCOKATLU at Saturday's Captain' t r w : through Jax blockers to make most Inspection are pictured above. Rear Admiral Ralph E, Davison pre- : of the tackles. sented the awards to 16 officers and enlisted men as well aa a I Jax kicked off to open the posthumous award of the Air Medal to :Mrs. Warren O. Sigman wife game and Joe Capka carried to of the late Lt (jg) Warren O. Sigman. Those receiving the awards the 25. Sauer, the leading ground included Captain M M. DeWolfe, Navy Commendation Ribbon; a gainer of the nation, charged into Lt. Walter L. Luke, Bronze Star; Lt. (jg) Bain Spear Allen, Gold 1HOUGH FOOTKALL EVENS representing their activities the local forward wall and met Star In lieu of fourth Air Medal; Navy Unit Commendation. *r.!| were locked in a bitter battle on the field below, Major General the inspired charge of the whole drew Lewis Acuff, AMlc, Lt. (jg) Arthur H. Lindstrom, Walter John W. O'Daniel, left, commanding general of Ft Benning, and line. lie tried again on the next Francis Raleigh, AMMlc, Lt. Alfred Taddeo, Arthur Clawitter Rear Admiral Ralph E. Davison, Commandant of the Seventh Naval play, but once more the 170-pound AMlc, and Lt (Jg) H. J, Maroot; Presidential Unit Citation.. District and Chief of Naval Air Advanced Training, greet each other Sauer was repulsed. After being!:; Lt. Comdr, M. W. Freeman, Michael Henandez, AOM2c, Lt Rod warmly at Municipal Stadium Saturday night. Captain Anthony R set back to the 30 by an off-side ney F. Schall, Lt. Douglas W. Logan, Lt. Edgar B. McClure..Thom.as . Brady, NAS Commanding Officer, is in the center. (Continued on Page S) j Jerome Cody, AMMlc, and Charles Caprita, ACH.Vol. . I rL Page Two JAX AIR NEWS '27 November 1946 - I THANKSGIVING. l'; : 11. : .: :;'-r . \..} .- / I \ '11' (/: .,1 . ) ) : " ..,.-----...R-....w.ww..w... w.--.w. t. ...w.r.w rk, t I w -.wr- } . ,.,' '. . 'of a * ' t ' w . 1 .. ia'e\ ______ ... f ... .. $ __ .. -y 4 (. a, .. .. i - ( p5-- E11 ; : , '"'" i J I 4J.h! .1 \ I F'r " r +' A 1 t '.. ... ,, ' ( ti jL.a s .. as .A Y r r f 4r t .. O txod. n , 4 '&9 r r A r M 7 t Peer1V +Y .west1 aavvwe P a.w. neemw.ow pr .a wr[ F + Sgenm F Ff . w y ?y M. I a '" [ .L ,, rj .;. J"i." .G.f.m..... a f t"' . THANKSGIVING-WEEK-END AT NAS will be a combination of fun, good the results of a shopping trip into a sumptuous holiday dinner. The turkey will be eating, rest, and worship. To substitute for the traditional family get-together, per- king, and that sailor snoozing contentedly on the bench ii probably dreaming of I iionnel are being offered varied program which will keep heart happy and carehow good the big bird tastes. The station's chow halls will serve the traditionalThanksgiving I free in keeping with the holiday. A gala Thanksgiving Dance at Mainside Auditorium dinner at noon Thursday. Both Catholic and Protestant Chapels will .. togive ii slated for Thursday night. Navy wive will find all aorta of holiday delicacies, feature special holiday services so that all hands will have ample opportunity - including plump turkeys, on aale at the Commissary store, and they will convert thanks for the peace_which. now blesses. the world. -- - -- -- --- -- --- ---- ------- - -- - (gifts for the children's Xmas I 1! out with gratifying results. We Chief Nelen and Chief Worthlin. long and so faithfully as your CPO I party. Chief Owens has been' designated were rather late in getting started Chief Hintz from Planning Section -' Club manager, has been recalled as the purchaser, and he I: because of this new system, but it ;. A A R Department, find Chief to duty and transferred to Yellow reported last night that a deal' sIre paid off for the try. Instead Worstler pitched in and volun- Water for duty there. Otto Keller I I has been made with the Firestone 'I of using change for each game, teeerd to give us a hand. Thanksa will fill\ the vacancy left by Asn- We people do not in regard intend to to stop these at IClfts'I': ; I players are given chits worth five lot,Jellows, we could never have ton. Good lucky to you, "Ash," anda I tencentspecial cents apiece. If it is a , if the bill is more than that, we I it costs two chits per card j I I run the games off without your thousand thanks for a hard, .. will gladly take care of it The I and no itfi./ This system saves time help. The case of beer special wasonce thankless Job well done.We're . Ily i. F. NKLKN, AUMMThe kiddies should have a very fine I because it doesn't require change- again a split with 12 bottles sorry to hear that ChiefBilderback party. making during the course of the t going to each of the lucky contestants is laid up. He is onemember special meeting of the I The general meeting was calledto game. Five games were- called in : Mrs. Sharit, wife of that the club who is very order President Merrick at We will be and Marine first sergeant of calledto by about 25 minutes. popular tiny ' Board of Governors- was the Entertainment (()mmittf'f' - 2000. There were about 75 mombers ready at ll>30 next- week and that'sa and Mrs Mike Moore. Congratulations active on at 1910 last Monday t'Ye.1 Let's get better fast order prevent. Old and new business promise, This new way of handling folks, and come " service. ping, 38 November 1046. Four I was discussed.' There was the money situation was again. Of course the grand prize "Feathers, we feed your ; f member of the board were present mention of a New Year's party for brought: up by Chief Worthlin of I was tapped once again by that Congratulations are in order- for along with President Merrick, the members' and their puestH. The the Entertainment: Committee A Bingoing Texas, Leroy "Lucky" Chief and Mrs. Guy Chamberlain.00, Vice President Owens, SecretaryEMter'lIng Entertainment Committee will swell idea, Jim. Jourdain. lIe "split it with Chief A son, to be named Michael, has : ) and Manager\ KellerIt probably arrange one.Tuesday' There were only two membersof Wohtrlin's charming wife. Was ahe happened along to brighten their was a huge the Entertainment Committee surprised! lives. Nice going folks; w. hope decided that there should Bingo! , was Chief, .Ashton who served BO the next time you'll ,hAve twins., be J300: appropriated to purchase "" ,eee"". A new system!\< was tried present for our games Tuemlayj: , , . 27 November 1946 JAX AIR NEWS Page Three -- - JaxNavyContinued I PRC-GAME DANCE AT MAINSIOC .. __u.. I ( from Pare i) r f penalty, Sauer went into punt for. / matlon and got set to punt. He 1 was never BO surprised in his life '. a* when Jim Jasmine, local guard, { fought his way through Johnny Green, last year's unanmous All S RP1U5TS1 :American and captain of the R ''I l ' Army juggernaut. to block the kid: Marvin Harden, mainstay of the Jax defense Saturday, pounced on at II the pigskin and the great Fort \ Banningteam had their backs to \I $ ' the wall for the first time this , .L*...m. The Fort Denning1 line 1 __ .. held for three downs and then, with the ball situated on the six, MAINSIDE AUDITORIUM little "Wahoo" Mancos faded back tAT i ant threw a paaa which Howard WKDNKSDAY I Hansen pulled down with a circus catch to give the locals the first a r "NOCTURNE," starring George Raft and Lynn Bart Show at /, 2000 only. " .core of the game. iAn I, enraged Doughboy eleven behind THURSDAY ... for the first time this sea. DANCE, Air Station Bond. Start at 2030. f son, received the kick-off on its own 18 and Sauer fought his way FRIDAY up to the 30. Sauer carried to the "WANTED FOR MURDER," wth Eric Portman Show at 2000( 31 and then faded back to pass. b only 9 ' After passing In vain, he was SATURDAY .. roughed to such an extent that ;' the local lads were penalized backto "STRANGE WOMAN," featuring Hedy Lamarr and George Sanders the 49 Shows at 1100, 1730, and 2000. J Sauer carried over to the mid- field stripe and then down to the t t JUNIOR OFFICERS AUDITORIUM 4H Immediately, Sauer faded back 4 ... and threw a strike to Hilliard WKDNK4DAYTHEY : Shands who took: the ball like a. WERE SISTERS," featuring Phyllis Calvert and. James ; ... Don Hutson and went all the way Mason. Show at 2000 only.' , to the Jax 29. Sauer threw another .. THURSDAY AND FRIDAY bullet to Shands and made an other first down on the 18. "NOCTURNE," starring George Raft and Lynn Bart Shows at With the blue and gold lookingfor 5000 only. another pass. Sauer swept the t SAltJKUAY . enl and went all the to the way "PLAINSMAN AND THE LADY," with Gall Patrick and William aix He powered into the line and a Elliott. Show at 2000 mashed his way into the end --,-, .... .....- only.OTHER zone behind the rugged interference of Johnny Green. TilE 1'KE-OAME DANCE held Friday night at Mainside EVENTS The Doughboys kicked off and Auditorium more than 200 couples: swayed to the melodious melodies topped the locals on the 35, but of the Air' Station band. The ever-present photographer caught BINGO PARTY-Every Wednesday at 2000 at The Anchorage. ,. Manios caught the visitors napping some of the white hats and their charming partners as they smoothly A1IILKTIC GEAR.-Available at. Mat area, Yorktown Avenue and and qnlck-kUked all the wayto glided to one of those: soft, dreamy tunes: which featured the evening Mustin Road, 1000-1130 and 1300-1830 daily, and at Gear Room, top the 6. Sauer punted back to In the lower picture, the men In the band beat out a hot numberfor side Bldg 726, 0800-1700 on work days. the 30 and then Bennlng's great sonic of the hep Jltterburg, MODEL AIRPLANE SHOP-Hear of Bldg. 39, open 1200-2400 line held for downs. I -- daily and week-ends. Meetings at 2000 Mondays. The Saui to Shanda: 1 nOWI.ING-Six alleys located In Malnslde Recreation Building tion clicked three times combina-j Commercial No 3. Alleys open from 1630-2130 Mondays) through Fridays; 1700- but Howard Hanson, 2100 Saturdays and Sundays. the Jaxmen, finally intercepted as . Bulletin Information workouts contact Lieut. For the period ended I IIt BOYINQ regarding , I Jax opened up the second tetto iintflI I Comdr. A. J. Rubino, extension :593\ ; or report to Mainside Mat after 1 will be atcepttvl i Itulletlns i with a drive that carried down to 1500.\ : the Bennlng 40 before the Banning I I !tll ate has been filled,KM.but; m 8140: later I SALTY HUMOR FROM MUNMDK LOUNGE-Formerly the Reception Center, located in t 1 luevlij. defense stiffened and held than OOU : the South wing of Building No. 953, Is open to NAS personnel and ... for downs Sauer completed another I lOKslLh HERE AND THERE their guests from 1000 to 2200 daily. Available for wedding receptions r pas down Watklns and thenkicked 'i'hre. ruoini uf furniture. milud. bUloom by arrangement with Welfare Officer. Combination radio-pho .1 I KlUlnn. >lukitchen Sailor "I loved a girl who l once living room an ( ,' to the 35. Here, Hansenfa ul ""II. snit. two rUllo. t"nn b* made a fool of me nograph available for use of all handsLlllR . d back and stole some of ItMixMtwl, aflvr IJJD' al UIO V lUuduli'h .VK\-Located on second d-ck: of Malnside Recreation Build. Sauer's thunder by passing all St.II. AS. four Girl: "What a lasting "impression ing No. 4. Open from 0900 to 2100 Monday through Friday. Saturday the to 3S wheieHarden 1: ....lrll' train, with engine; sad uircomplete he must have made way Banning with S* .....ll..". o( "0"II""** i from 1100 to 1630 Sunday from 1200 to 2100. pulled the oval out of the tra.k. til, l.;*t. '05. S\MMMIMi Indoor swimming pool recreational swimming, , grasp! of the defenders! Denning Gulf ilulu .K/lI.I..I" with nl of irons.registered A few nbjhti/ oi/o in the nu li- ., nielli tonditloii I'unlnctlhif suddenly ; 1800-2100 dally, Monday through Friday. Saturday from 1000 to 2100. tortum seaman held a once more and Sauer threwto i young' .. Hwwney. Ship" 4M4R. Sunday from 1200 to 2100( .. Strands: for a first down on the rord V.i twiUii U..oJIlItI..n.. went (.'ra JI. We /ampect it was 40 I 11 Hilt I him, St.. NASOn dUring the scenic in the picture I GOLF-Course open from 1000 to sunset daily. Saturday and Sun- Once mono he faded bark: and suit offieern IMm !IWh Wh U. .... white the lIt/hmtt boiittwant'smate day from 0900-1700 Golf clubs are available at Golf House. Bathing! heaved a long pass all the way i tenant's never worn.lrl one|>...,suit*.of c."llnil billon, "with"".ItI", h >,,-. marries the ainnral'3, danyk-! trunks: prohibited' on Golf Course. down to the 20 where Shands and I raincoat with lining Ll. luikvr, uhnwUtol I n'r. AM IIORUiK-Open daily to enlisted personnel (with liberty Kursullls waited. Both these boys "- cArds and uniform of the dan, 1730 to 2300. Located south of Mason . on-bwiioom huiiw. plus .. for pose turnllur are over six feet and it seemed a ...rit>*. Gnat condition UM| only four CPO: "I you wish I Field. sheer impossibility that little Wa- m..lh. Priced very ruiHonnliU for quick. were dead, so you could spit on TENNIS-Racquets and balls: are available at the Physical Train- lio Mancoi, the safety man, could diamond K C'. Bttlf 870913 RII.., St.Itowvf ,. mygrave" Ing Building No. 726, and also on Mat area (corner of Mustin and ' atop this from being a score Man- *I, .rkBHUHlnMti li, hily UWH|. IxHutifullr trimHIM. S2c: "No, I djn't like to standin Yorktown Roads). cos brought the crowd to its feet .1.) Phone I.lfl'. .uvtwwn OHM' sad lines" \SKKTH\LL; Practice Monday through, Friday startingat however, by leaping high into the UDO 4T1\ M'rll..w..1 K">" l. K verdiilcjird 1630. _. air to pluck the ball out of the On(! sofa,iu,sad easy rhHir. *,>11, Eat. 4iJ A sharp note indicates cwrtot- .. air, and upon landing: he raced I WANTED: sly; a flatten none Indicates too) away front the astounded Shand, Kid.. front Stir mid Main to NAS for two much tunoittySP . blot' girl.. Hour 04)" to 1 133): I'all out 441 picked up some kerb and went I down to the Beetling 47 before he I LOST: ) "A man has (on phone . IM ly br.nx loot last ilurdnr night wan stopped An The visitors' line was still strong kntr It ward, lull iliniilainAllHrl streets and I have got one of however. and they took the ball *M.. 421 them" away on downs on theI IThe\ -a s i -si OOD "Which have : one you r amazing Sauer completed still an- i other pass this time to Sam But/, 46 Red FeatherContinued got' , a Jacksonville lad who played for SP: "The one who was rolled _ Le High School' last year The I ( from Page 1) half ended with the ball In Jax I drive in their command and department TArn there want the fellow, a'- '_ possession, I !, can have the satisfac- feelhint ... In the third period, the game I tion of knowing that his: or her 1 nv Jax squad held Denning at bay contribution has helped the many I muttering: ".qlt,) tine,. I'm walled until, with the Doughboys backon worthwhile member agencies of inr" 4 4 their own 35, Sauer quick. the Chest carry on their work. I ,t wl 1r kicked a beautiful spiral which Here's the way the contributionsfrom "We don't care what you think sailed all the way down to the NAS military personnel we want to know what you know," , locals' four yard line stacked up( by departments: shouted the lawyer , I v:-m uituim . . . . MI.71 Thompson kicked right back and A & It D..p.rlm.nt . .. J17.T7 "Well then I may as well get the Doughboys took possession on'I Supply" IKptitinrnt .. . .. .. Ill.KTl off the stand," said the "witness. i the Jax 40( Sauer slashed off tackle lilY I""." . .. .... . .. "3.U "I can't talk without thinking. I I I': Department . .. .. Ill 71IATB I for first & ... a down on the 29, . U ain't no lawyer Unit . 114. it _ and Shands swept the end for art Yard Depsrltnent l . .... .. IDHftl I pthT first down, on the 18, It was Its; IU..rul Division .. 7131 lit: But you promiatd at the iI at this: point that Sauer toppedoff I Medical Personnel l 1J""rh"llfpurlmfiit. .. .. .... .. 'MO J.Jl" altar to< obey me r.EI t his passing with a clothesline VO.\ ('S Until; . . . .. MJ.31Innptrlion She: Of course, I didn't want to heave which Shands went high In- purlnifnl . . Nil' .11 ttmke a S'f.t'' I to the air and pulled down for I mninuitlrtll. Orpartnient . 101.041'hsicrl _ .. iI I Iruininc; IIv\.I.\ . 47.DH' 'the score Dick hcytt kicked the .\I>1! Diviilm . . . . 61.50 l Some Marines we know think I extra point and Donning led 13-6. I Public Wiirko Department .. 48.11 sailor's goblets are sons Jax: received the kickoff and I ;Marine il.rns..k. . . . . U.4 I $ Ordnance & (;unll.r, Oopartinrnt 1(1,00( I met an impenetrable itenmng ._ All wotmn are alike, but they line. Thompson kicked a high I boot and racwil 78 yard for the Ben- hate diffirtnt faces 'IOU tan I .f ;Which gave all the appearances ning final: scoreLate left them apart of gong over Sau r'I! head. On the in the last period, Swede s r 16, however, the Doj,hboy reached Kuhel recovered a Dennins fumble end until he was on the left sideline - Ui[ with one haul and !pulled on the Jax. 20, and with five and headed for the distant the bill into his stomach: while lie minutes ti play, the Jaxmen stalled Roal He was greatly aided by a I started back up the bell He their l lest drive of the ,game. vicious block\ thrown by Mancos reacted the 22 before M C. Ilir- MancoJ carried to the 27 and on the 30( but they ,finally caught den smeared him, seal,I on the next Hansen niaJe: It a first down on the him on the 16. He faded hick: on 1L1r-'i'i'' play ha smashed through into the "t !hn8-n plunge, to the 37 and the next play\' and was rushed Jax secondary and, giving one of 014." 1 to Manos. on the Banning again, but seeing he c'tuldn'4 getaway i Petite JaM Adams girbed\ In abbreviated I I Pilgrim costume, \Ie al>{i , the finest exhibition of broken 17 .Following an incomplete forward he threw. a doaperationheaVa set for a bountiful 19 U'Thanksgiving Jane: la currently appearingin ; field running' ever witnessed in pass, Hansen 'fudeJ back to \ which Walter Davenport Universal-International's: "The Runaround: ," and will next be seen :Jacksonville he dodged, whirled, heave long one. Finding himself grabbed on the six and lugged! over i In Lawless Breed" and "Gunman's Code" with Kirby Grant. I and sped( until. he was In the clear rushed: Hansen swept wide) around the line (or the final score , i r Page Four JAX AIR NEWS 27 November 1946 . - JflJUik I Poetic License I IT'S A TOUGH LIFE By Sleeves Editorial Office TO MY GAL ,. r- South Wing, Lower Deck, BMf. 930 .The things you say are okay, :,) i tr1 . Telephone Extension 8MB Your manner is most demure; : - Arthur M. Greene, Editor And you wouldn't do a thing ",. pc The JAX AIR NEWS is published weekly at the That you shouldn't. I am sure; U. S. Naval Air Station, Jacksonville, Florida, at no You don't seem very smart y and In compliance with expense to the government BecNav Circular Letter 45-326, 28 May 1945. Copiesare Or romantic, as I've said -- distributed free of charge at the Naval Air But, baby, when you l look at me s Station, the Naval Air Technical Training Center, You put ideas in my head. the Headquarters of the Naval Air Advanced Train- M. McDermon, Supply Dept. Seventh Naval of the Ing Command, Headquarters District Naval Auxiliary Air Station Cecil Field, -*- '.. ...' the Naval Air Gunnery Hange and the U S. Naval OLD GLORY Hospital watched Old Glory as she< Rear Admiral Ralph E. Davlion, Have you ever Commandant, Seventh Naval District : unfurled in the morn, thief: of Naval Air Advanced Tr ,ning Her stars and stripes glowing, and not thinkof CaptaIn Jackion'uia R. Brady,Air LSN StationCiUtn Commanding her brawn, Naval Her pride in the right and her challenge to Howard V. Hopkins USK Commanding the wrong? . Naval Air Technical Tulnlng Center .. .. Forever she will wave as long as we see e Cai.tata Robert M. Gillett (MC), USS. Commanding The true meaning of a nation that is Godly; U. S. Naval Hospital and free. captain F. W..Prl* tman. USNR, Commanding -A Supply Employee. Naval Air Bcterve-Tracing Unit .. -*- Lc. ... IX (' oI. T. C. Moore, Jr, USMC, Commanding Marina Barracks Christmas Party t "* J- C uuU. Julwi F. Schumacher, UW. Commanding Parents who desire their children to attend -% jft-Tjy Naval Air Gunnery Rang *t>r - - ;; the Christmas Party, Tuesday, 24 December - CfiUnM. O. Burch Jr.. UW, Commanding are requested to fill in the form "Don't know \\hafs wrong they just took one look at my ,; ' Naval Auxiliary Air Station, Cecil tUldCPt. below and send it to Chaplain F. L. Albert, pure and then beat It." .. Alexander-M. Hearn USMO General Chairman of the Christmas Committee Yyy ' Marine Aviation-DetachmentThe ; at the Chapel, Box 6, NAS. I BOOK SHELF I dIN JAX AIR NEWS recwet Ship's Editorial Association ma.terlal. without . of credited matter prohibited , Republication . Washington 25, D. C. Republication of any ADAM FALL is a story of of SEA. permission Name of Child ., , Is prohibitedwithout VE other matter except by service publications the Salem witch hunts of the 17th of Editor, JAX AIR NEWS. r permission century, written by Constance. Age t Sex Dodge, author of WEATHERCOCK , By Skipper Edge, SpS)2cHey ) and THE DARK STRAN \ , everybody! Your roving GER. It is a strange love story oJ ; ri; Father's ,Name reporter traveled northward this, of Damaris Horn and cynical, embittered f.,I . last week-end to discover that His Miles Gascoyne, the town :," It really cold up there. The beau renegade. It makes fascinating Rate. _____ Div., tiful city of Atlanta was dotted reading. .. with fur coats, etc. Nice to feel May Floyd Williams has writ- ' an honest-to-goodness nip in the ten an exciting novel with the . air. Of course, driving back in the flavor of bygone days in California - middle of the night we were FORTUNE, SMILE ONCE forced to stop and greet the cat MORE, taking place against the ' tle as they nodded "Hello" to us background of San Francisco in in the beam of our headlights. the turbulent days of '51, is the ._ Have you noticed the bow-leg love story of an Australian con - 'News ondVieiDs f romStatm ged walk a few of the WAVES ac vict and a lady's maid. There IB quired over the week-end. Yes, on I plenty of action as well as an atmosphere * the very first Sunday for: the riding of suspense. club the new exercise took Ka The authors of OUR SON, PAD-' .: '.. toll of making Westerners out ol LO, Alvin and Darley Gordon, with han- the WAVES. "Teddy" Jacksor went to Mexico to work on a documentary - do has to This column today and "Jenny" Peacock really got! film about that country. Ming criticism. I am not concerned with an unexpected thrill when their While there, they were adoptedby how to give out criticism, for that is an horses decided to give them a "jet. Pablo, a young Mexican In asy: matter, but with something much propelled" ride. Speed? Wow!! dian. Pablo came to California and Wonder how the horses feel. lived with them while he satisfied more difficult: how to take criticism. Rare A hearty welcome to you gall his desire for an education in the 11. ndeed is the person who knows how to do back from the Cleveland Ail United States. Pablo's efforts to 0# Show. Missed you all. So glad to adjust himself to American ways his.When we receive a criticism, we usually see your bright and smiling faces were sometimes humorous and not A very "Happy Thanksgiving"to always successful. The Gordons lo one of three things. We may attack the all, and we do have much toe also visited him in his family' iritic by saying that he is all wet, that he > thankful for. Have you stopped remote pueblo and saw a part of loesn't know what he is talking about, that lately and thought about It? A Mexican life not ordinarily found ThanksgivingTomorrow he is not qualified to make that criticism, good idea.Junior. by the Mexican tourist. With STENDHAL, Matthew Jo- hat he has enough faults of his own to worry - added another to has is Thanksgiving Day. It is aday about without troubling over the faultsf And SeniorB. his sephenson list of colorful biographries.. for more than just stuffing one's self > others. Or, we may make strong and persuasive Stendhal, whose real name was with turkey, pumpkin pie, and apple cider. ; alibis for our alleged faults, giving 0. Q.'s Will Be Henri Beyle, is now regarded a* .. ,. of the most philosophical and will convince nearly his that particular circumstance as an one But a casual glance or of novelists. prophetic Althoughhe anyone that few people realize just what txcuse. Thirdly, we may react to criticismy Merged By 1 Dec. was born during the reign of tomorrow means. > running away from it. We may bury our In view of the small number of Louis XVI and died in the early American ThanksgivingDay lead in the sand and ignore the remark, officers living in the Senior and days of Queen Victoria's reign, he the , To average holiday just one more i or> change the subject and go off on another Junior B O. Q''a, the two P.O.Q''s had arrived at opinions and ideas is just one more and their messes will be consolidated which we consider peculiar to the day to I loaf and have a good time. No thoughtis rack. These are the usual ways in which we it was announced this week 20th century mind. .. I given while screaming at a football gameor react to criticisms. And they are all wrong in Station Memo No. 41-46. PRIDE'S FANCY Is an excitingtale tearing, around the country in an auto >ecause they have this one thing in common All officers residing in the Junior of romance and adventure by : they are attempts at maintaining the B.O.Q.'s will be moved to the Thomas II. Raddall. It is the story mobile, to the occasion's true meaning. attention Senior B.O.Q. by 1 December, of the Nova Scotia privateersmen The holiday was created not to have one prestige of our own ego, by turning Bldg. 803 will operate as an Annex who cruised the Caribbean around but to thanks away from the self to the one making to provide for any overflow 1800) in search of riches and found from work give more day free the the criticism. The principal motive here iso rom the Senior BOQ. building, nothing but adventure and a life for the blessings received during past maintain our pride and to shield the ego the memo stated. of risk. Raddall other novel*. year-for an abundant harvest as in the This will include all WAVE officers ROGER SUDDEN and HIS MA- days of the Pilgrims. Despite all the troubles from attack.In who will move from Building JESTY'S YANKEES, are also stories - short, we usually do everything but of daring with the history ef there is still plenty for 723 to Sr. B.O.Q. where they which beset us today, the right thing in handling a criticism, because will be quartered on the top deck Nova Scotia as a background. is we The over which to be thankful. war , : we are afraid to have our self-esteem >if the West Wing. lRECHRISTMASCOMMUNION are no longer threatened by Fascist domina- The right thing to do is to forget The Jr. Commissioned Officers'mess lamaged. still able to worship in the 723, and Jr. BO.Q' . Building , tion and we are the source of the criticism and the motivesf The congregation of All will be secured as soon as religion of our choice.Thanksgiving time f the critic, whether he is friendly or hostile possible, but not later than 1 December Saint beginning Chapel of the will Advent observe Seasonwith the ... .. Day is also an ideal and accept the criticism itself. Only one : 1946 and all officers quartered a Pre-Christmas Communion - for rededication to the tasks which still lie thing really matters, is it true? If not, then at Senior B.O.Q. or the Annex Senior at 104 on Sunday, ahead. :Many things remain to be done before here is nothing to worry about. If the criticism > will Commissioned join and be Officers'messed In mess.theSr. 1 lJe'mbf'r.ftJiuinfS. the world's ills are solved. When offering is true, the sooner we do something I . .. . it would not be prayers of thanks tomorrow about correcting ourselves, the better. Ui >? mi"ss-pray for guidance in the days ahead course, this takes courage. It takes a rare Four Days Off rrn (CFE brand of courage which very few people haveto (Continued from rage 1)) POPULATION INCREASES accept a criticism, to rise above any Band will provide the music. At the Station Chapels, Birmingham Road and Muitln Avtnue U. S. . unfriendly motives which may be behind it, The religious side of the holi- Protestant .. Population of the United States as of Jan, and to see it as an opportunity for the im- Appropriate day is not being divine neglected services, either.are 0730-Holy. K fteven.on.Communion ChaplainW. 1946 was 140,386,509, according to the Census provement of our life. It takes courage be- being scheduled for both the Protestant 0930-NATTO ScrTlc*-Chaplain E.: W Bureau. The figures showed an increaseof cause we spend so much time and effort in and Catholic Chapels. At 0930 Andrew.-Sunday School, Small chapel 6.6 per cent over the 1910 census-approximately ,' defending and excusing ourselves, buildingup 1930 tonight, Mrs.organist L. A.,Helbert will offer -, J04S-ChAPlain-Dlvln* Srvlc W. R.Stevenson-Cbnrlan!. F. L: accomplished 8,700,000 more people than six alibis, maintaining our pride and shield- an Thanksgiving recital at All Albert. years ago. For the entire ten year period ing our ego from attack that we have almost Saints' Chapel. Chaplain E. ''W 0700-Maii. CtUxiIu prior to 1940 the increase was 8,900,000.The lost the ability to look honestly at ourselves Andrews will conduct the devo- 090t-Ma..... Nation's birth rate soared in the early Let me repeat: in handling a criti- tionals. A Thanksgiving Mass hasbeen St.Cdward An 1100-Ma.Outdoor Nursery for small children - of the but is declining gradually cism only one thing matters-is it true? If set' for 1700) tomorrow at li maintained. between (909. years war Chapel. During the holiday .and 1200J \ though it still remains above its prewar it IB true then'the priticism is an opportunity both chapels will be ;:open .wl.k KdlfloM terrier blest 'andilUwchip 3 I Ii l vel The ,census estimates included U. S. for self-improvement, and growth. day and evening for prayer and 1/0/-FrlJay IB tt>. Small Chapel.r 1. , servicemen overseas. Chaplain William R. Stevenson. meditation. .....- ..." . '7 27 November 1946 CIVILIAN JAX AIR NEWS NEWS Page Five IT JUST PRODUCES IIZO 1'1' I b'HEI 'tL I\1f: 'J!( "',J = -L l"r 1 ,Ii I s* _- '- AROUND tm .w. 4 Engine Overhaul-By Carl \V, 1\\ , 5vs h layer-llere we go! Thanksgiving - is just around the corner now,, whom you refer is Reuben Bishop.We t n and in counting our blessings we are happy to inform you that R find our chief claim to fame is our Mr. Bishop is not red in the face possession of reserved seat tickets due to puffing on that cigar Thatis on the 35-yard line for the :Mr. Bishop's natural complexIon Ft Ftf Lee-Jackson game. And one thingwe which he owes to the fact that can all be thankful for is that I he Is a "genuwine" red-blooded IE alb , the question which has raged hotly American boy. I in E. O. for three months will,, We take great pleasure in nom- 9 -. ii at last, be answered-once and for inating "Red" Burton as Engine .r I 'eo all. Can Lee stop Broadus? Overhaul's answer to "You Are a.a A poor,little bunny rabbit does My Sunshine. : : n't have a chance now that the Congratulations to the following a . 1 :: shell shortage is no more. Out of Engine Overhaul personnel who 30 leave papers processed throughthe were the recipients of pay, increases - Engine Overhaul office on No- recently: Thomas Mur- N flgs vember 18th, 25 were for the purpose phy, William Hallmark Henry 1 of "going hunting." Church, Lois Collins, Willie Dobbs, Personal to "Anxious." Your George Malone', Marion Roy (and . note received and the man to just when she's resigned in orderto be,a mama!), Ethel Seldon, and John Moore. Congratulations also to the following, whose birthdaysoccur " t I wa SUPPLY5SALUf5 this week: :Mary Deaux, L I James Stewart, Susie Lambert, Leonard Gray, Ferris Ackerly, Clarence. Jefferson, and T. L. Cannon f { r An alarming number of minor it injuries has been noted since the arrival of the pretty young nursein - By CLARA E. SPEEK the First Aid Room. For the We are thankful for our digestion information and guidance of all ,... '- but let's not abuse it during concerned, we must report that t"Y r's- 33 0'0 0I the four-day holiday just ahead of the young lady is very much married - us-and feel like the dejected figure Husband's a great big fel- in the cartoon below: low, too-around six feet. I_ 0 0 Z a Is 1 I ! It is interesting to note that all __ gait W5 wM a e Y 1 . : elected Engine to Overhaul take a holiday personnel on have Friday 2 4 : 1I 1I I I II BOGOBBLERSeriously la iL I | November 29th, even though 'ttzas AY/ d ! I some will be carried in a non-pay yA 3.k" s {a wk. < Or et a 3 @ I status. a3. \ This column will hereinafter de- " ; vote considerable attention to the c1* . I ! affairs of our close associates, .e I _ _ Overhaul Control and the Plan- ning located section.here in These our midst sections and,are at ?* 2 I times, seem to be completely for- i : \ : .. -. gotten by the people up front So * ; -this is to warn all you swell \ folks In Overhaul Control and .- \ .' 1.e' t _, -5jLf - Planning who are located in Engine I g I Overhaul that your secretsare i I no longer safe from the eagle eyes of this roving reporter Our old friend, Tom Smith, , showed up for work one morninglast week all dolled up, even to a ? .- .. necktie. About five minutes be- I I'r fore time to go home, we spotteda I t stain which looked suspiciouslylike ron.w lip-stick on the sleeve of his s& I . . shirt. We were tempted not to _. __ r lliiili' mention our observations to Tom and just let him walk into the TilE TANKS AND MAZE of pipe work in the top photo are not part of a distillery but the soft- lion's den unawares. But we men ener room of the water plant at NAS. The new water plant located at Ranger and Birmingham was .. -# have to stick together, so we sug- put in operation in September. It has a daily output of more than 4,000,000 gallons All water pumped I gested that he could go by town into the distribution system here has been through the softening process as well as being treated to above check valve on one of the softener tanks is and buy a new shirt before going remove the sulphur odor Shown regulating a home. All this reminds us that L. M Bennett. Below, J. W. Teate and Bennett check the output of the high and low lift pumps. - ------ - i Tom was dubbed "Tree Top" bya pretty young WAVE about two 1 InspectingThe INSIDE years ago. We never were able I GATE GOSSIP I as to get to the bottom of that deallngiiHeriifg . ; -By Fred E. ClyneTo PUBLIC WORKSBy our inquiries as to what the By AGNES I'ENDLK people of Engineering are going JUANITA WISE InspectorsBy Is Jackson going to beat Lee, tomorrow to do over the Thanksgiving week- I evening nine Last Thursday ? Dubb and Bob, the mail HELEN BLRNLTTE end, we received varied answers engineers from Design stepped out ., twins, have us all puzzled, room L, E. Jordon is taking that leave to ban- from just plain nothing every- together. The occasion was a One all out for Jackson are day they "sweated out" and is which he i thing in the book. They all come quet given by the American So- and the next day one would and that's EAT. been spending a great part of the time out to one thing, ciety of Engineers. It has would decimate the think they per- " Now this will come out just going the rounds that some of the Lee would be "hunting. Right on time this year think who didn before Thanksgiving, so everyonewill wives were waiting up with their son Louie, with tnat gun, arent you? the victor. have time to think There rolling pins until 2 o'clock in the Be sure it's deer you are after and are a great many people in this morning.. .. If you find that you have to ask not the dear little pets of the for- Ruby Bennett a question and she est! world who are not as fortunate as Maint) really gota Perkins , we, so when we sit down Thurs- Mrs. (of the circus this answers, 'Hen, what did you A note of apology, please', to big kick out I say?", don't be perturbed. She is a R. B. associate prin- day to eat, let's really be thank- She said she had all the Chief Joyce, year. little hard of hearing. It is surpris- of Aircraft Over- ful for what we have. cipal inspector Practically everyone is going parched peanuts, cotton candy, ing how deaf she must be, for she haul Group. Even though we fail- and soda she could eat and pop alarm off in out of town, so here's the ",cut- fails to hear her go ed to extend you a hearty welcomein tlebutt." J. Q. Rumph is headedfor drink.Mrs. Hollis Peavy is the new I the morning.Last our column when you enteredour Tampa to eat with his mother- member of the Material Section I Thursday morning Emily department several M.ionths at this Thanksgiving in-law. :Better be careful, J. Q., or She replaced :Mrs. Terrano who Andrews and her riders were a wee ago, we are most happy to have season, let us pause and take sol she will come home with you like resigned to meet her in-laws for bit late. It seems that Emily hasa you with us-you wolf! emn stock of our blessings, for we Earl Pardue's mother-in-lavv did the first time. new 1946 Nash and she and the Chief Borcz doesn't have a per- do have many. We are thankful to when he went to Georgia a couple : The Refrigeration Shop isn't crowd wanted to show it off. You nrunent "tilt" to him when he have our veterans working in our of weeks ago. quite so secluded now. It was can easily tell Emily's riders nowadays walks-no sir-he was merely bur- midst again; that so many escaped Willie Burch is going to Clin- moved from Building No 156 to as their shoes are brightly dened down with a pocketful of injury, imprisonment, and death; ton, N. C. to bring back his wife, i 136 not long ago. matching the brilliant finish on dimes which was the "Jack pot" that the recent hurricane missedus after she had a couple of months I Norma Lamparelli, (Transp) the car. collection from the slot machine . and dissipated so rapidly; that vacation being away from him. transferred to Pete Capps office Connie Burns will soon be singing (One-Armed Bandit) in the Chief we have our jobs and comfortable Where did you get the house, Bill? i in Green Cove Springs. Hmi!I I "On the Boardwalk in Atlantic Club. That also accounted for the .. working* conditions; and that we Al Tuggle is going back to I The hunting season is in full City." Connie left us to be with smile on his face. have our health. Let's adopt this as "them thar hills" again you and her husband who was transferredto What two handsome chiefs art Messrs. Clark, Wright, swing. our slogan: "Say you are well and know, that 'Ham City" in Ala- I Megonigal (Maint.) went on a Atlantic City, New Jersey. A the proud owners of shiny new all is well with you, and God will bama. Bob Griffin is headed for deer hunt down state last week. great many people will miss her. Hudson automobiles hear ;jour words and make them that beautiful state of Virginia. As yet no one knows what they Have you tried a brisk walk in true." Then, on to Tennessee. Have a got. sonnel regrets that Emily Freer the fresh morning air to relieve Alvin Smith (Stock Control) is good time, Bob. "Nick" Pulignano has been sent to the hospital. that tired, worn-out feeling in the on a three-week vacation at Wich- is going shopping after dark for Mr. Crevasse, ardent footballfan C. J. Hawkins (Engine Parts) is mornings, Chief Pavuk? Could it r ita Falls, Texas, his former home. one of those long-legged birds, so is on leave, probably recuper- proudly displaying a newly-painted be your "military" watches are lie Is visiting his father, aunt and he says. It's cheaper. ating from all the football game.he's car, his own accomplishment. getting you down? brother, whom he hasn't seen in been attending. I Olive We welcome one newcomer this VACATIONS Taylor ... four years It was his first flight. Thanksgiving game just to have I week: T. S. Pitts, AMMlc, who had most inter- Control) a them sell out she to the ville, Georgia. Bill Waters (Stock His plan was to scrutinize the me- as got l comes to us from Barbers Point, chanics of the planes in order to window. Can't say that we blame (Stock Control) to Tampa. esting vacation trip by motor. She the Honolulu, T. H, and is aligned t j learn at first hand the importanceof her! :Mary Murphy (Receiving) I George Gahagan (Stock Control) particularly enjoyed in and around visiting Rich- to Final Inspection. You might , plane parts, and thus is flying to Atlanta to attend the to Blackshear, Georgia Made historic spots the lovely gals music, etc., proper miss I mond Williamsburg, Virginia, and the dances Allen ((450 Section) to Quincy, t his Georgia-Tech game, , his better handle own job upon Washington including Mt. Vernon. but we hope you will enjoy jour . : Florida. and other college festivities dur- return.THANKSGIVING FOOTBALL" ing Thanksgiving weekend.TIIANKfeUIVING I 'Our sympathy goes to Jay El- Then on to New York for ten days, work with us. . O in the recent loss of where she attended many shows, lis R & Miller and Edna 1'LANH Hen ( ) 1 com GAMES Lois He: Hello, :Mabel, may and benefit Brunson (Follow-Up) have tickets ry Behrens (Engine Parts) is all his mother. Jay had scarcely returned radio performances a tonight? concert for the Italian Relief Society over ,. to the Jackson-Lee game and are set for a Thanksgiving turkey from Kentucky when the She: Sure, Bill, c'mon over. Jackson We hear hunt Georgia.. Incidentally, the sad message came and he had, to ,at the Metropolitan Opera pulling for % But this Isn't Bill. I return. ,. .. Inspection Report is House. She returned, home via the He:{ that Clare Thomas (Correspondence turkejrs willi, be :wild', Joyce She This isn't Mabel either, but 1 I ) was irate after standing in Cowart (Stock Control) plans a glad to have Amy Shaver back Skyline Drive through' the Blue : . :e four hours for tickets to the visit to her mother In Donaldson- after a minor operation. Per- Ridge Mountains. c'mon over. ... ...--...--- -.,.' .. --.. .. --.. ..- .- ....-- .. .......-' '-.,.. "!f.i _. ,..v l''.-"-.'W-. ," "IJP ;!:",-... 8...'.....".-'.-. -' -_- .. :r. Ix i '?. age Six NATTC JAX AIR NEWS SECTION 27 November 1946 . r I TWINS INSTRUCTING AT CTO SCHOOL BOWLING ALLEYS- , OPEN; LEAGUE TO : BE STARTED SOON .. 4 F+ 1 NATTC' kegiers may now bowl . to their hearts content. The bowl "VyUIHHT TO DO! WHERE TO COl f ing: alleys opened 20 November, t1iI and so far, has been heavily used. 1: Price for each game is 15c. MOVIE SCHEDULE. The bowling season isn't official NATTC ly open, but when it is, prizes will } be awarded for: Officers High i All 1400 movies have been cancelled except for non-workinj Game, Enlisted Man's High Game, days) I and Ladies High Game. F A Bowling League is to be form. ,,AI , 1'IIUltSU.VhKING'S! HOW," starring Robert Cummings anc I I ed, and will get under way Just : Ann Sheridan Shows at 1400, 1730 and 2000. I as soon as the various,Units form ..' F their teams and turn the names , }1tlO.VSU S.-\TUlCU.-\V-"IU1TV ('CO-KD" with Jean Porter I into Mr. Sweeten at Bldg. 513. !. and William Mason. Shows at 1100. 1730 and 2000. / Teams can practice almost any SUNDAY-"TlIKY WKKK: SJSTKKS.' starring Phyllis Calvert time, and those wishing to d.) at should call for !f' and James Mason Shows at 1400, 1730 and 2000. alley reservationsat 8283 Practice times will bo ( MONDAY AM TUtSU.V"SOCTUUNt: ." featuring George limited, 1600 to 1730. Teams can .. Ran and Lynn Ban!. Shows at 1730 and 2000 only. be mixed with Officers and En- ... listed Men, with as many break i WM)NKM>.\\-"I'LAINsvUKN AM Tilt K\DY with William downs as possible As many teams Elliott and Vera Hruba Ralston. Shows at 1730 and 2000 only. "' can enter the League as want to, .r [ including Officers, Warrants TUUKSUAY-"AFFAIRS ()(o' GERALDINE," starring Jane With. from left to right, or right to left makes little differ- Chiefs, Schools, Divisions, Bar, .. . era and Jimmy Lydon. Shows at 1730 and 2000 only. ence when trying to identify the Rummells twins Warren J and racks, Clubs, etc. The the . more Wayne R., instructors at the Control Tower Operators School here merrier. FltlDtY' AND 8.TUIUY"S'I'I ,\NE WOMAN with lied)' at the Naval Air Technical Training Center. The Rummells twins , Lamnrr and George Sanders! Shows on Friday at 1730 and 2000, and are so identical in looks actions and voice that even their friends The alleys are scheduled to be on Saturday at 1400, 1730 and 2000.Yellow have difficulty in Identifying them. The Rummells twins were born open two days a week for ladies In West Branch, Iowa, 19 years ago. After finishing West Branch only. The dates and times for this \ High School, Warren and Wayne entered the Navy and were sent to will be announced later. Mixed Water San Diego for their boot training. When they completed their boot bowling is scheduled' for one nighta training both boys were sent here for their basic' aviation training. week. , A THURSDAY -NO SHOW. Class 14 Aviation Fundamentals both Last week's " After finishing they were selected high game was roll .' lltlMXY AND S.\1'mIJAY-"ARlF. IRISH ROME: ," with Joanne for Control Tower Operator School. Because of their excellent ed by W. W. Moses, Sic, of Welfare 1, Dru and Michael Chekhov. marks both boys were retained for instructional purposes. When who toppled the pins for a their two year cruise is over the Rummells twins intend to enter the mean 226. We wonder if he tur- ,. SUNDAY "KING'S ROW." starring Robert Cummings and Ann same college and major!in the same courses.THANKSGIVING keyed out" .. _ ill' _____ I 1 . "" Shertdin.MONDIY. ------ the list of well-known AEM Seattle (SEA) Larry-High- [ AND TUtSIY.Iuny. ()(>-KD," with Jean Porter yPAR sonalities Is LT. (JG) per-1 tower, veteran of World War I, . and William Mason.WhUNKSDAY. : USN. Mr. Brunson in addition to and ex-Montanan cowpuncher, his many responsibilities as Per- I started pushing a wheelbarrow " R : ; "TilBY WKKK SISTERS, starring Phyllis Cal sonnel Officer, is Ass't. coach of around the world and expects to W vert and James Mason ATtL the AEM Sparkles, and I might I' end his globe-circling tramp in J2 (e Tlll'IODAY' NO SHOW.THINGS add, Milli! Amps "shoulder" ? years. Come Helen Highwater? . A.,. When ideas are Jow, his keen -- sense of humor and personalitysoon I with this class. Hoping yu'all have TO DO-ABOARD no doubt, makes the sparks fly. It is I a wonderful Thanksgiving! rumored that a special breed of - : IIOBRY SHOP Monday through Friday, will bring nostalgic memories of of lean dogs are his hobby during :: IJAX AW NEWS to home and the folks many : 2130, Saturday and Sunday 1300-2130. our men, BUT the ThanksgivingMenu the winter months. He is very I NAVAL AIR TECHNICAL Bldg. 411. Wing No. l. should certainly cheer the proud of his pretty little, 18 TRAINING CENTER 1700t" months old girl who to be I seems a FLEET'S: INN-Beer sold nightly heart of the many men who stay Captain Howard V. Kopkiiu, USN. ,# off "chip the old block ! Bldg. 517. Sandwiches and snacks available. aboard for their Holiday Dinner.Just : AEM I Commander Commanding Kolwrt P. Bwbe. USN, Missing an Football . Service feast your eyes on the following gameis I Executive behind Ship's BO\\ ING-Six alleys bad, but having to the I miss Editorial ri Saturday, chow list: Tomato Soup, Offices for NATTCSection able to all personnel Monday through Game with TOA is almost I if set own pms. Roast Turkey Cranberry Sauce, I enough Rooms 137 and 138 1700-2130 Free bowling you your Dressing Mashed Potatoes, Can to make you want to tear up your I Administration Building 500-A. oJ- , 15c a line for pin boys. leave. Anyhow here's Tel. died Sweet Potatoes Asparagus, hoping Ext. 208 J' Corn, Salad!, Hot Rolls, Pumpkin that we (Sparkles) are still on'' E. W. Andrews, Lt. ConiJr. ChCI.) S\\'J\IMINO-All! Outdoor Pools' Closed) Indoor ( Advisor and Coffee Yum, top after Tuesday's ' Pie, nuts, yum game. |I. Arthur KouUoiukoli Sic , ':. Pool Bldg. 614, Recreational Swimming. Monday. does anyone want seconds? Number one man of Class E-6 Editor; * Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday 0900 to 1200. Monday Seem' this menu, artistically I is Dreher V. H. with an averageof RoUirt Sports J. Wvhlinir Writerrhiitoumpht Sto through Friday, 1800 to 2015. Saturday 1000 to 1200 printed for sending to friends: I 858 Down the line Is Burka, I 1300 to 1600, 1700 to 2015. Sunday 1200 to 1600, 1700 which the Commissary kindly sent : P.. and Williams Wm STEELK.E Male by NAS .Photo Lab A A*. FundSihu.il I I ; to 2015.MU to me, Thanksgiving I am reminded Dinners of the mammoth that- L Sparky end man graduates. -: : Photo Lib. ... ., h ---r , of the civilians enjoyed TOB ROLLS ALONG many I 1C-Anyone interested in joining the NATT back whenwe the I \ during war way _ . Cats Orchestra, contact T. F. Raye at Barracks 465. didn't get the day otf, remem- ' NVrrc LIBRARY Located in Auditorium. jer'' Incidentally has anyone Jt thought about the poor kicked- }: Open Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday 0300 to around butcher baker, and dishwasher that not has to cook ! 2100. Wednesday, 1230 to 2100.' Saturday and Sunday only the big dinner but rat it, and 1230 to 2100. wash the dishes as well' I AIIII.KIIC GEAR Available at Gear Locker, The law says that THROTTLE Physical Training Department Bldg. 513. Stevens is now a man, having .. ... i passed his 21st birthday, Tuesday * BOXINGSmoker3 held regularly. Anyone Interested the 26th. Many happy! returns l in participating, contact Chief Al Sinibaldi Throttle! Now you have to watch of the P.T. Department. out for those dotted lines, and be 'JoSNIS-Racquets; and balls: available at Physical sure and vote for the right man. In keeping with the spirit of Training Bldg 513. the Thanksgiving season, Mill! 'HOTU.U.14-lntra-m\1ralt.: Games: held on Mondays: Wednesdaysand : Amps wishes to express apprecia- w Fridays, 1600, on field bordered by Allegheny Road. ion to the personnel of this . school who have taken such an No WHERE TO GO-ASHORE active interest in this column. It is impossible to contact all personnel - JACKSONVILLE BKACIIKS-Biues leave at frequent intervals during the week, so if any ' from new bus station at Clay and Adams (sain e as Navy). Surf bath- one would like to submit a bit of '"# ,. ing and other recreation at one of worlds finest ocean beaches. Bus I II "info" interesting to the school, TOll CURRKNTLY KATKI as the top powerhouse team in fare 2"c. I concerning personnel or instruc- the Intramural League, won its game over TEB by a score of 6 to U.NOI'ISG'ISIUNG': AND BOATING: Cedar River on San I than, please do so. Just drop! the 0. Shown above is: Tagliaferri, driving through the middle of the line Juan Avenue. Take Lake Shore BJ! three blocks from last stop on "dope" in an envelope and Rambo for gain in the recent game. A little ahead of him and running In. , San Juan. Row Boats-two hours, 50c; canoes-$1.00 per hour; motor or Miss Patrick will be glad to teiference, is teammate Jim Collins, fullback. TOB faced TEA yesterday - boats-$2.00 per hour, five to eight people per boat. I forward. I Tuesday)I. but the account of the game was too late to Speaking of people high on make this edition. It will appear tn next week's issue: --------- ---- ---- ------ -- --- --- - . Sk l- M - Ab l _ I I, 7d \/ r L i i WN p : I s i ",suTf \ savE OM [ rHtS SA/0/ 1E'O ow ust/M /I T I : 'I Trlsrtt yev. pE TnERE'F / MOR5vasr7 . v )' i'r a'f: (( ,2- . _ 17 /HTTT ; ;v\ n / ''r'' l K tCelrP'= 1 ( POV C .1 vr ,., Mi j ft-4 i rW/\ ; ; ffwA I Isa t 1 .. JT <\ ,. - r ri w I I . . - - "US'\! > 27 November 1946 NATTC JAX AIR NEWS SECTION Page Seven , ---- I THE-- WORD' j\NATER TDA, rCT Drop From . FROM AVIATION FUNDAMENTAL SCHOOL Roee For leogue CrowD . to keep a record of their progre"saa well as to note any discrerancles To Marines And TAT Lose f. which show up on the grad ; sheet The student must keep In TAr Still Among Top Teams time in At Woods had mind that it is his privilege\ to call a trying , t on the test unit supervisor to clan lanta. At least he was always try :I Showing a well balanced attack, -- - ----- -- (, tt ify any discrepancies which show ing to get a "date with Hipchen'slittle loadei; and several good runners, the TO I terback Eiler passed to end Cunningham t up on the grade sheet, (2) grade "Baldy Seems trinkets he and squad defeated the XO Division by : in the end zone for a little < with are checked constantly to show her down a score of 13 to 0 last week or tokens of love from a jewelry; 1 I touchdown. Attridge knocked which students are failing and the Athletic Field. XO's defense 1 these students are_then called In 1 store, and she thanked him pro I' stood out particularly well the down the pass on the try for extra by the training board to determIne fusely, but stood him up ever; whole game, but the offense was point.In . the cause of low marks, ((3)) time. Good kid. Woody bathed hii not clicking at all. TOA proved itself the second quarter the, Marines grades are furnished to the selection sorrows and spent his time witl a contender for the League his friend Stevie. Stevie hag a shoveled the coal on, and a f , board and K and assignment championship, in this game, only 'A play an important role in the assignment car and likes to get around. However to lose the rating in their game badly shaken TOA squad had a ; of the student to an "!.' he play the fife and Wood; Monday night with the Marines,,, hard time holding them down school (Student should know tha stayed full of Mountain Dew- to< who pulled one of the surprise upsets The Marines had the ball on their other things -being equal, the stu be able to stand the practicing, I of the year in defeating TOA will Thomas rode around in thevai own 38 and after two unsuccessful dent with the better grades : by a score of 12 to 0. get the first nod on his choice of and hit the spots, but Stevie's mu : passes and a two yard run, Del- school and ((4)) all grades are av sic had no appeal. That "Spirit ot.: I TOA was put into a scoring Greco punted to mid-field TOA of the XO in the eraged by subjects and plotted fo '76" stuff does go a long way I position game was forced to kick once more, minutes of the first closing period and MAD took over on their 14. curve tendencies so that graph Friend Joey is not only pla 'lng I and reports may be sent out to second fiddle-he's last man in the< when an Armes punt was After another exchange of punts, blocked and the Ord- partially that kick the various supervisors to shov back row. Weller sent a booming them results of their efforts. The last Smoker was a huge< nancemen took over on the XO finally rolled dead on the Marine o .. success as far as the bouts wen 26. Wable, left half, sprinted oH 4 yard line, where the Marines Third, a record is maintained on tackle for 11 yards and Weller , concerned, but the cold weather drove 96 yards on just 9 flays each student during hip stay in Av to the five, continued the drive crowd Arrangements ; for their second touchdown It was v. toHA\ the piivuege ot of the kept most of the away. Fund School. The XO purpose There, the XO line held and alternated made Verbanic and DelGn'co1".0 - announcing that WILKINSON, are now being < record is to furnish the (selectioi Robert C S2c made High Honor board with all to hold the future Smokers in the< took over on downs. on the running from their t this week in AF-11 His average and sible assignment Information concerning pos the Auditorium. Let's turn out am After two futile attempts to run own 4 to the TOA :34, where "R tl" was 88.98';' which is really student. This information consistof latch on to a bunch of good bouts out of the hole, Armes punted to Eiler took to the air and )*.sflf'd fine 'work Wilkinson comes the student's choice of rate prior !- aral yell the Yellow Water Gladi mid-field, where Attridge of TOA, to Connelly on the 16 The same from Baltimore, Maryland; and to attending Aviation Fundamentals ators into a win proceeded to put XO back on the Eiler to Connelly combination " his home town can really be School; at the end of twi Dottie and Pete returned from defensive by returning the punt clicked once more, and was good; proud of him His first choice I weeks of school, and in the ninth their little sojourn in Iowa. Seems 39 yards to the XO 11. There Att for a touchdown. The half tndt'd of "A" school was Aerographer's I week of school; his personnel classification it wu a trifle on the cold side for ridge and Weller took turns toting just as the Marines kicked off . 7 date and we can say for certain "609" form; recommenda the little Florida gal, and she the skin to the five Lawrence after their touchdown that he will be 'in the next lions from instructors of the Avi stayed close to the refrigerator to crossed pay-dirt standing up. Att- The second half found the.Ord- convening class. Wilkinson also ation, Fundamentals School; and warm herself with the ice cubes, 'ridge made good the extra point nancemen in better shape, and enlisted on the 18th of June, grades: earned in the AvFuni That proves that Love does not and the score as the first hall I the first few plays had the spark 1046 He doesn't plan to make a School, prior to his interview.The conquer all!! We know that new ended was 7 to 0. I that had seen them beat TOB, career out of the Navy, but then TCT and XO. The fast moving beat freez love will not a I warm The test unit feels that It offer I second and last score of the again he isn't sure He plans togo climate. Isn't science wonderful fiibt half had left its mark and valuable service to the schoo ing minutes ' in the a came opening to John Hopkins University learn something game neither team came too close to And don't we and it sincerely wishes to cooper of the fourth period, after XO had i : is for after his enlistment up : TOA vainly tried long I 1 new' every day Yes, we do, scoring. . with all hands. wall their eight ate its back to the on in Mechanical Engi-! but failed to connect for J a course little kiddies, we do!! passes I yes kick the mering Bowling: is 'one of his SHIP'S COMPANY: still hasn't found that yard line. A poor put any distance The Marines also chief hobbies, and If he can bowl Our good buddy Wasko M. D, Dorothy so let's get hot on find- ball on the 16 where TOA startedits took to the air, but were well like he can study, he ought togo AFClc has given up. Yep, thi; apartment for; her After all, her bus final goal line drive. O'Neal covered. The final gun found the I Saturday he's to be married ing one carried to the five, and one play : far. coming band-to-be sells women's shoes; ball on the Marine 45 and the Marines - at die Chapel NA! 'later, cracked the line from the to Margie the end of 12 to 0 on top a wife is ir like looks if it -.- at 0900. It was a hard fight Marge, so, your 2 for six more points. The try I I score. winter-trade but glad you made it All yen for cold feet this for the extra point was no good , TAF personnel interested, had bet your apartment for some new and the game ended 13 to 0 for TAF Ruins TCT's Chances . shoes for the kid Sell the shoe ter drop around the Catholic Chapel TOA The three way tie between TAP , and the booze, and everybody 'H I just about that time and kei buy TCT and TOA was broken last I makes out. Simple, isn't It ? I Spectators hardy recognized what a neophjtic Brown-bagge:: Thurber and Johnson are encroaching TOA as the same team in last week, when TAF defeated TCT looks like "Just after". Lots of TOA-Marine tussle. The by a score of 13 to 0 last Friday I Monday's neutral They in zone luck kids, we're all for It. By thi a their second i at the Athletic Field. That gives decided to cut into :Moe Marines, in victory oJ : way, who reigns supreme in thi Bruch's have territory-.the used car I of the season, choked TOA's every I,1 TCT a 2 won, 2 lost and thereby 'Sea Story depaitment I only a remote chance to finish in field. I think that they will\ b<' attempt, and went on to win . the teams of the top league strong contenders for the throne by a 12 to 0 score. HANGAR 140 NEWS if the dealers now occupied b>' I TAF scored its touchdowns in The Marines received the - The Aviation Seamanship Phase opening the second and fourth quartets of friend Moe Not only are they and , I kickoff spearheaded by 'Is doing very well and the Student's the game. start out establishedthey firmly DelGreco and Verbanic, moved the grades scent to be getting with a Packard, no less Yi, Yi, Yi,, TOA line from the MAD 31 to In the second quarter, TCT was better and better due undoubtedly Moe'! And you said you are goingto I the Ordnance 47. DelGreco then : far down in TAF territory, where v ., I to a new class) average graph hang onto your latest inveslment was forced to punt after the Ma- they tried a forward pass which posted in the coordinating office, Lest we forget "Thar's rines' attack bogged; down, and was intercepted by Dowd, the TAF , building 158. This graph shown Gold in them thar wheels!" TOA took over on their own 26. quarterback, who, seeing that he how the grades of each section I would be tackled, lateraled off to the cook, lost a bet on Woody, compare with previous 1assII.-'It he is TOA managed to carrythe ball Thomas who hugged the (lilltlmf\) also reflects the efficiency of the a football game, and now one yard in three attempts and and went 90 yards for a touchdown : section's instructions, which In as bald as a cue ball. Bet or nobt't. Weller's kick was blocked, givingthe I Dowd missed the kick for think he should have hedged turn Is causing enthused competition I Marines the ball on the TOA the extra point. between instructors and classes. on It. This cold snap will be rough 24 I 28. DelGreco took it to the , Woody. The first time the heat is I In the fourth quarter, climaxinga and then, on the next play, Quar- , 50-yard march, Dowd threw a STUDENT NEWS off in the barracks (like it alwaysis ------------ -------- --- -- Wilcox in Barr. "G"), you'll wake up pass to which was good r i A FI7 continues to set a hot with the old sconce as cold as a a guy an excuse for"not going out : for 25 yards and a touchdown. ... lira I IN Jack K. Hie made an pace in the Av-Fund off Duty dead lamb's tongue Break out the In the fresh air. Bring on your I Dowd place-kicked the extra point .. average of 8889 which makes Athletic League. The teams have watch .cap, boy, and in the future frostbite and chilblains We'll) take and the score stood 13 to 0, the him second honor man of the I lost two games to date and madea always bet on the winner. the winter!! Incidentally, you just final score week. He hails from Independent clean sweep of games last Winter will soon be upon us. have twenty-eight (128)) days to I/agu Mandtnri Kansas. He Joined the navynn week to lead the "A" league with The flies are all coming inside to get those Christmas gifts Don't Teem Won Lout 1'tt. TP OP the 18th of June, 1946, for a 6 wins against no defeats.In the heaters hit a drug store the night before TEA 2% >A .833 110 * get warm, and are TOB , 4 1 .00 U 13: of two Here in a the "B" League AK-15 andAFH them and period years. : Christmasget now TAF being turned on in every housein I I 1 .7RO Hi 1 lad with heavy plans for the are tied with 4 wins and 2 avoid the rush! We recommend TOA I t .600 US 81 Florida. No longer may we seethe future. After his enlistment Is losses apiece.. Bourbon for all adults and any Marines 2% Jij .too 26 26 e W up he plans to attend Massachusetts frosty fingers of Autumn turn children that are past the weaning TCT I t goo JB 20 "A" LEAGUE 10 ing the cool green leaves to their I 2 t .400 12 HI : Institute of Technology Team Won Lost lovely colored hues, no longer can stage! W. C Fields and the writers '.mlinici excludes last night nil.1mrortunt .. for a course in nuclear AF-17 6 0 'bid you a fond adieu until next frame between TEA and TO H. TAI we look forward to attending football . . I and TEB h v dropped out ol the LfHguo psysics. His first choice of "A" A F.21 4 2AF19 week S'long, we gung gawn. . games with just a bottle. Now, due to luck ot r..el'Vea.i . school was Photographer Mate 1 6 ? we'll have to take a topcoat, a - He will leave for Yellow Water AF-18 2 4 i TOUCHDOWN BOUND I ., blanket, and a bottle Heaters will for a three weeks course in the "B" LEAGUE do a lot for a car, and a good botTom Gunnery phase of AvFund. Then Team Won Lost and Jerry does wonders for a after completion he will find AF-15 4 2 man. Good old winter time, gives himself on the Pensacola, Fla. AF-14 4 2 ' draft bound for PhoM school.! He AF-13 2.4 team ;sounding out its first weekof has had 8 years experience as AF-16 2.4 practice with many candidatesout ., an amateur shutter bug Radio In last Tuesday's games AF-17 for the five starting positions. maintenance electronics and made a clean sweep by bt'atlngAF19 All AF students who would like chemistry seem to fascinate him. 33 to 0, in touch football, to try out for the team are urgedto e ' and 8 to 0 in softball. AF-17 also do no. The team practices each A\lFuD\I Twit Unit won a slim victory from AF-19 afternoon between 1600 and 1730 i in volleyball. at the bldg. :513. "' gym n"i The Test Unit of the Aviation Other results in Touch Football . Many cagers are already sharp- Fundamentals School serves a , I : AF-18 beat AF-20, 20 to 0; ening basketball, which Mill soon rw number of purposes. First of all, AF-14 nosed out AF-16, 2 to 0; be added to the AF Off Duty it offers a means of providing a @ centralized testing program wheieall I AF-15 turned back AF-13, 12 to 0. League. Each class will be expected In softball AF-18 won a forfeit to turn out a team for this tests are similar in form and game from AF-20; AF-16 also won league. they may be prepared in the short from AF-14. FOOTBALL NEWS-- ' The two est possible time. By using objective games played "1'' F-: t < type tests we are able to have turned out to be walkawaysfor AF Students are well represented '41 an. - tent graded by the IBM department AF-15 and AF-17. AJo .15 beat on the TAF Division Football papers .. thereby conserving Jnetru AF-13, 6 to 2, while AF-17 wast ream There are 15 of themall tiers' time and eliminating any sting AF-19 8 to 2. good football players and competitive partiality an instructor might There were only two gamf'splayeU sportsmen who sacrifice muchof \ Dhow for a student. Still more important in the volleyball league. In their free time to attend daily an analysis may be made the games played AF-17 teat AF. practice sessions. The seven play- of the test which is used to show 19 and AF-16 won from AF14. ers from AF-16 are: E. F. Turner, XO DIVISION went down to defeat at the hands of TOA by a where instruction is good, adequate The other two games were forfeit M. J. Thomas, E. F. Anderson, C score of 13 to 0, but it wasn't Jim Droll's fault of XO, pictued above or in need of improvement. ed. R. Wagner, J, K. Harms, J. J Droll is shown headed for a brief gain around his own right end in Secondly, a complete record ,of This Saturday will find a new Vaciaro, and J, J. Scolpino. B. JPickens the recent game. The XO offense couldn't seem to get rolling at a all grades is available at all times team competing for top scoring and R. H. Davis are in fair pace, and the backs were bottled up the whole game. Both These grades offer a variety of ionor's. The team is AF-21, andit &F-20. AI<'-13 has four men: B. L. TOA's and XO's defenses were near impenetrable but TOA's vaunt. uses. Among them are:-"((1)) stu- is expected that it will give the Minor, oJ, K..Oliver, W H. Barrett, ed offense was too much f"r XO_ TO,A needed the victory to stay;, dents art issued a net of grades (other teams in the loop plenty of and J. A. Malcolm: R. H. Fall halls among the top in the Le'jua bituidirgtt.l One contender, TCT, wan .which are identical to,those in the (Lompetitiojn.: 'lorn claws AIMS, and W, A.. eliminated from the U te..t unit Students arc then able The NATTCenter basketball night climes from AF-21. n.< l4,i3: to 0. ' 11 I fMgnfffiif7Mni MiinnffMftKfwnniinfiMifSfMfwnnsintKitMfniffnr m m m m BB B . Page Eight JAX AIR NEWS 1 27 November. ioxc....."IEV PIGSKIN II I PRE-SEA50N PRACTICE PRACTICE BEGINS FOR 1946 WAVESBASKETBALL PARADE 1 TEAM fly KILL KCIIL, S2c i Basketball returned recently to the NAS Jax sports scene.. but not I only to the varsity quintet. The With politicians griping because station WAVES are again form- they received end zone tickets for : ing a basketball sextette Yes the Army-Nav game, and Illinois I sextette, for girls' basketball (is celebrating its win of the Big played with six cage members. Nine title and a possible Rose Bowl) ' Their initial practice was held bid, ole King Football into tx'i moves . Auditorium i last week at the Mainside its final week of pigskin playing under the direction and Not including the post-season coaching of "Skipper" Edge All Bowl contests, football has com- A WAVES are urged to join the I squad, "Skipper" said, and officers - pleted one of its most startling and enlisted girls will be eligible - seasonsa season full of upsets LM , for the team The bigger the and packed with great stars. S : squad, the better the team," she Army and Navy lee off for their added. nth meeting in their bitter service The WAVES varsity squad will fool ball rlvalrj at Philadelphia 1 play games against rival stationsI Sahlrlla)'. There are some I and against civilian outfits aboard who say- authorities should be p the base and at other stations. charged Mith manslaughter In ptrnilttlng 1 I WAVES games will be played en! the oft-beaten Middle to preliminaries to the regular Station . go onto the dame field( \\ Ith the Flier events. All WAVES who undefeated Cadets. One! thing Y> : are Interested in the basketball v)hlrh will be in favor of the Mid- s w Y Sies I U the fact havea n __..____'.5'___._ I program may reach Skipper Edge that they'll 8289. Several of the by phoning ACTION IN Tilt varsity bas new mascot! behind them. iov', ketball try-outs has reached" a outstanding girl basketball sextcttes - Coke Stevenson of Texas sent anew of the state and - new high. as the squad: has neighboring mean goat to the Acatlemyafter states will meet the lo< als this he had mclvod a pica from been" cut to two dozen ball players - the* :Middies for the "toughest, and all are prett evenly season .smelliest! and meanest goat" he matched, In the top photo. left The Station WAVES during the could find fur next Saturday'sArmyNavy I the cagemen are battling for the 1911-15 season were undefeated in game"t'll with this I rebound during practice last ringing up 11 straight wins over I week at Mainside Auditorium In t vaunted girl teams, Last season rugged goat backing them the s tt Middles are in for a real exhibition : the picture at top right this! they ended up with 12 wins! ana of pigskin play, with Davis, I cagers shot was blocked and is eight setback Blanchard, Tucker and the whole being knocked down by two -- ---- Army line putting it on gratis. opponents. Plenty of hard work Woe for the Middle! I has been the main item of scrim I IINAS ITOUCH VARSITY mage, with most of the bas t After watching Johnny Sauer ketballers getting back in shape MEETS BANANA leading the attack for the Ft. Ben- and working off excess weightIn ning Doughboys against Jax-Navy. I the bottom photo, two tall its hard to understand why Sauer I RIVER TUESDAY centers ranging about 6 4 stayed at West Point and played Jump for the tip-off in a practice understudy for Glenn Davis when I Tripped in its initial encounterof session. Both men will be vital the season the NAS Jax touch he could have easily been totin' the leather for college eleven in cogs in the Flier machine this football eleven is preparing itself any winter when the locals meet out- the nation. Surely, had he played for the scheduled game with Banana - standing service and college elevens - on a college eleven, he would have River next Tuesday the nation The racked up All-American honors throughout With little less than a week to for the local but he chose to be a soldier instead starting line-up pick a team, Chief Crews and quintet this season will be Toby Reid used the league-leading around the 72-inch mark Marines to meet Cecil Field last , Local Jaxons:: claim Sauer has" - been the best grldder to walk on Thursday. Although the Marines to the field Municipal Stadium I lost a heartbreaker to the Cecil and that's rating him over Charley eDgerS setting Into ShapeFor Field eleven, 14-7, play proved to Trlppl who played there about be rough in a game which most three seeks ago. Of course, paced people consider easy to play. Cecil bj a line led by former All- scored in the second period on a American guard Johnny Green, 1946. 47 Boskelboll Season two-yard aerial and again late who ('a lIt alt1l011rmy's championship in the game in the third stanzaon squad last 81'a90n. it's a 14-yard toss. no wonder Saner passed and ran at --- --- - -I I The Marines scored in the set will. Working hard under the watch- ond frame on two end sweeps and Since the Rose Bowl officialsand AvFund Student ful eye" of their coach, Comdr. Kay Weather Stymies on a 10-yard pass. Both teams! closed Big Nine contract bosses for have five signeda years, Wins Prize For Pflum, the NAS Jax Fliers are Play I In I Infra- the were Cecil fairly Field evenly squad matched was ,ably-but it looks as if Illinois Universityand slowly rounding into shape for coached and had a couple of long: UCLA will tangle come 1 Jan- Bowling Score their coming season with outstanding Station ContestsRain practice sessions under its belts, uary. UCLA dumped Southern Cal college and service fives I The Marines have been playing in 13-6 last Saturday to win the Pa- M Rosenthal, Sic, was the win- : and ole man weather lim- i the intra-station touch league cific Conference title and Rose ner of the tennis racquet offeredby throughout the nation, The local ited action in the intrastationtouch !, but have not been together long Bowl bid. The fightin' Illini of the Welfare Department for Flier quintet has been cut to an football league last week, I enough to have a stable eleven. Coach Ray Elliot tripped an in- the highest score bowled last even two dozen men, and from I and since this week is a short one, The local outfit was scheduledto jury-ridden Northwestern Wildcat week Rosenthal, who is in the these 21 the Flier cage squad of I play will resume next Monday to I meet St Simons yesterday in a I eleven 20-0 to march into its TAF Division in Aviation Fundamentals determine the loop leader in the' conference tilt Members of the I will be chosen.Menator first Western Conference football bowled 231 to lead all 1916-17 I first half play of the league. After I station touch league, who have championship since 1928 and a other keglers at the Mamside Pflum's hopes soared the league has completed the first t I been outstanding in league play berth in the bowl game at Pasadena Bowling Alley. somewhat last week when it was I round, a round robin will be held I have been picked to play on the learned that Harry Platt, who to determine the champ Bowling leagues are being formed I I varsity touch outfit. starred the Flier outfit last on Members of the teams have beenpicked Michigan trounced a hapless at Mamside with the WAVESand Ohio State eleven, 58-6. If Illinois VSB unit already having i season, would be available this to play on the varsity; RETURNEErTH had fallen to Northwestern the formed their teams. The WAVESuse I year Platt underwent an opera-' touch team which will meet I --- I Wolverines would have-clipped off the alleys on Tuesday eve tion on his shoulder after the 46 teams of the CNAAdTra league. I season and it was doubtful if the the title and bowl bid. The slaughter II nings and the VSB unit uses The Marines continue to hold I 200-lb would be the Crislermen inflicted on theO them on Wednesday nights. i husky around for the guard coming winter. down first place in the touch' H, S. squad availed them little, I Those interested in forming Harry formerly played at Northwestern league and should have little trou- . bowling teams can leave their and Florida Universities ble next week in winning the loop. BIG CUN names with the men in charge at and played on the NTC outfit at Their real competitor for first place is the VSB unit, also undefeated --= the desk. I Miami While playing at TJTC. . some of his teammates were two since Illinois won their encounter outstanding stars from Notre The league continues to produce _ over the Wildcats. I Dame Johnny Lujack, and Leo' thrills galore for the players, Georgia coasted to its ninth Kher, and another Indiana ace, coaches and the faithful spectatorswho straight win, and is now prepar- Ernie Andres They lost one game line the two gridirons on the ing for its traditional clash with that year, dropping a close one Mat athletic area to watch their once-beaten Georgia Tech. Trippl, to NAS Jax, Now Coach Pflum their teams in action-packed w. with Ail-American clippings stuck has two men to build his team I games. Games are scheduled to around him, should meet his roughest around, T. S. Ary, and Platt : start at 1700 daily, with two foe in the Yellow Jackets If Inter-squad games have dom- games being plaved the Bulldogs bump off the Tech- inated most of the varsity lrllc-1 Standings of the six teams in men, Trippi and Co. are a cinch tlce the past week. The cagemen the loop are (first) Marines and .a i for a post-season bowl bid. have not started on plays or formations I> VSB, tied, (second) VM, (third) r Sev 'n Dixie) "pro*| e<'t''" are I as yet, but in a week or.. Supply fourth) Ordnance, and I Mill in the fight for the Gator so the pflummcn will be busy at (filth> Dispensary Howl to be held in Jacksonville, work getting ready for their ini- II . Georgia Georgia Tech, Tennessee", tial game, little less than two STATION CIVILIAN North Carolina, LSU, MississippiState weeks! away The schedule is still " and North Carolina State. incomplete, but should be ready GOLF CLUB TO HOLD --\"S-; 11 0 U L I)-t; I i optia; on .s n They remain the foremost candidates for publication in the next issue: TOURNAMENTPresident earlier this year made Harry i MSHININQ under consideration for bowl TURKEY Platt husky guard of the '15-16 Practice Is to the public bids. With the hose Bowl shut to open Flier doubtful returneeto quintet a and the local hoopsters work out B. W, Bradshaw has It that the the Flier line-up for this Dixie outfits appears daily at the Malnside Auditoriumfrom announced that the Naval Air Golf Gator and Oil Howl season. But the operation was Sugar/ Orange, 1630 to 1830 Club (civilian) will hold its an- 'U1 t lJ'tf' Jo will wage a hot fight now for the successful, and Platt will be ably nual Tournament" duringthe LIGHT in the Jax- Southern and (southeastern Con Coach Pflum has his squad "Turkey used by the cagers this fall month of December The tour- working with the fast break and Platt played ball at Northwestern - fert'ncejIIUlul'l football eleven's offense : Navy annual affair for set offense. With a team nament is an One of the hottest football cage and Florida Universities" be- for the two has past games around the six foot mark members only Winner, runner-up, ranging the and fore was which is bound to attract joining Navy been Howard Hansen, above. The games and consolation prize for each Marine filer scored the deciding plenty of attention in Jax:, is the I the Pflummen should have little one of the main cogs in the I trouble In working the ball under flight will be a turkey. The lucky last Jackson-Lee tilt to be played to Fliers impressive season touchdown against Memphis, the basket, where they have a prize winners will receive their Now the Jax are scored morrow. The tickets were sold long year. : cagemen and Saturday night one of locals tallies with a circus ago, and a top capacity crowd U couple of 6'4" boys roving in the awards in time to prepare them for able to build around two vets the Christmas feast catch in the end zone and ac- promised. From here, it looks likea pivot and forward posts. His from last year's team T. 3. Ary counted for another by a clothes toss-up. guards will easily tend to hit tbe Anyone interested in joining the and Platt and with these two, line heave to Walt Davenport as With the working day coming toa 72-Inch mark and his forwards club may get full particulars by the Jaxmen should rank up front the Jaxmen bowed to the power- close it's time to secure so_ will ease somewhat over the six- calling n D. Pinney at extension aa one of the leading service ful Ft. Benning Juggernaut. take it away, KilroyUl!!I foot barrier, 221 or 2-7100 after 1630. fives in the nation.r . Contact Us | Permissions | Preferences | Technical Aspects | Statistics | Internal | Privacy Policy © 2004 - 2011 University of Florida George A. Smathers Libraries.All rights reserved. Acceptable Use, Copyright, and Disclaimer Statement Powered by SobekCMSad News.
Hi Diana,
Thanks for filling in your readers through you blog posts. Its sad that Gus won't be joining you in Cuba. He's such a great photographer. I had to chance to meet and work with him while I was an Assignment Desk intern in WABC. Looking forward to read you post. Have a safe and pleasent trip.
Take care!!
Posted by: Denisse Then | 03/21/2012 at 05:35 PMHi gang
really in need of some help as i've spent a bit of time on this. Followed the install instructions however i get this error on the install page and can't work out what to put in there:
Under MySQL Database I get a message saying:
These database details don't appear to be correct. Please enter the correct details before installing.
These are the default details (not sure what to change them to or how to change them):
MySQL server: localhost
MySQL username: root
MySQL password:
MySQL database: ss_mysite
There is no probs with the .htaccess file as that exists. I am running MAMP 1.7.2. saving to the htdocs file although ultimately i have another directory on my server where i want this to go but let's get it working here first.
i saw another post with the same issue however there were no replies.
let me know if you need any more info
regards
unicorn7
If anyone could help get me past this hiccup I'd be very grateful!News and Almanac
Elk roaming Missouri? Study underway
Missourians will have an opportunity to express their opinions about the possibility of reintroducing elk to the Show-Me State as part of a feasibility study to be conducted starting this month.
Conservation officials agreed to look into the possibility of reintroducing elk to Missouri, after being asked to do so by the Conservation Federation of Missouri, the Wild Elk Institute of Missouri and Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation.
The eastern elk was extirpated in the 19th century, but western elk have been introduced into several eastern states with some success in recent decades. Before deciding whether such a program is a good idea in Missouri, the Conservation Department will determine how much suitable habitat is available and how Missourians-from farmers to city dwellers-view the idea.
Factors to be considered include availability of suitable habitat on public land with minimal highway density, economic benefits of elk introduction and potential problems, such as conflicts with agriculture.
Besides surveying hunters, landowners and the general public about the issue, the Conservation Department will hold meetings with the Missouri Farm Bureau, the Missouri Cattlemen's Association, state and federal legislators and agencies and local governments. The resulting recommendation is expected to be ready to present to the Conservation Commission in June 2001.
Trout parks host kids May 15
Missouri's four trout parks will host Kids Fishing Day May 15, offering everything from hot dogs to fly-tying demonstrations.
- Bennett Spring State Park, near Lebanon,((417) 532-4418) will have free food, fishing lures and drawings for prizes.
- Montauk State Park, near Licking, ((573) 548-2585) will have free fishing posters, casting plugs and stickers.
- Roaring River State Park, near Cassville, ((417) 847-2430) will offer free food and classes on fly tying, fishing and fish cleaning and cooking. Some fishing equipment will be available to borrow, and there will be drawings for prizes.
- Maramec Spring Park, near St. James, ((573) 265-7801) will have fishing contests, prize drawings and fishing instruction. Special exhibits at the nature center and free food also will be available.
Youths 15 and under can fish free on Kids Fishing Day at the four trout parks, but they must first pick up daily fishing tags at the hatcheries in the state parks or at the store at Maramec Spring Park.
Bass tourneys benefit charities
Compete in the St. Louis Bassmasters Association's annual charity bass tournament June 6 at Lake of the Ozarks, and you could win a fully equipped bass boat. What's more, you'll be assured of helping children who need medical care.
Over the past three years, the event has raised more than $30,000 for the Cardinal Glennon Children's Hospital in St. Louis. The bass club hopes to match that total with the proceeds from this year's tournament. More information is available by calling Bill Lewis at (314) 645-5445 or Gil Kauffmann at (314) 677-4626.
Anglers who enter the Lost Creek Bass Club's "Take a Kid Fishing Tournament" May 8 at Table Rock Lake will have a chance to win a bass boat and trailer and dozens of other prizes in drawings.
Teams entering the tournament at Table Rock Lake must include a student in grades K through 12 and one person over age 18. Proceeds from this event will go to the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
For more information, call (417) 887-1640, 767-4131 or 546-2808.
Bronzebacks and bushytails are legal May 22
Hunters who are itching to get back into the woods and anglers who relish frying up a mess of smallmouth bass should mark May 22 on their calendars. That's opening day for squirrel season statewide and for keeping black bass on streams in most of southern Missouri.
The daily limit for squirrels is six fox and gray squirrels in the aggregate, and the possession limit is 12. The daily limit on black bass is six smallmouth, largemouth or spotted bass in the aggregate in most waters. However, some lakes and streams have special length or creel limits. For information about the waters you plan to fish, check the 1999 fishing regulations summary, available wherever fishing permits are sold.
Town & Country deer trapping falls short
Town and Country finished trapping and relocation of deer far short of its goal.
Studies indicate the St. Louis County area municipality needs to remove 122 female deer for two or three years to achieve the city's goal of reducing its deer population by half. A private contractor was able to remove only 51 female deer and 29 males before the end of its contract in February. Sixteen of the deer removed (20 percent) are known to have died after relocation to a conservation area.
Brother Coyote, the ultimate survivor
Coyotes have always captured Americans' imagination. Most Native American tribes viewed the coyote with respect. Some even claimed kinship, calling the coyote "big brother" in their legends.
The name comes from the Aztec word "coyotl." The first scientific mention of the coyote was in the journals of Lewis and Clark, who at first described it as a sort of fox that barked, howled and burrowed in the ground. After more observation they began referring to the animals as "prairie wolves."
Although Lewis and Clark reported hearing coyotes at the mouth of the Nodaway River on the expedition's return trip in 1806, coyotes were not found in most of Missouri at that time. The prairie-loving species expanded its range eastward as settlers created clearings in the forest that once blanketed the nation's eastern half.
The coyote's range has expanded east of the Mississippi River and south until today virtually every state has coyotes. There are many more coyotes in America today than there were at the time of Columbus.
The larger gray wolf originally inhabited northern Missouri. The Texas red wolf, between the gray wolf and coyote in size, lived in southern Missouri until well after the turn of the century. The red wolf probably was bred out of existence as the more prolific coyote moved into its range and interbred with its larger relative.
The first edition of Charles and Elizabeth Schwartz's The Wild Mammals of Missouri, published in 1959, noted that "The coyote occurs mostly in the prairie regions of northern and western Missouri and only occasionally throughout the entire state except for the Mississippi Lowland where it is absent." Today the coyote is common throughout Missouri and the red wolf is gone. But a shadow of the red wolf lingers in the Ozarks, where coyotes are significantly larger than those in northern Missouri.
When coyotes move into an area, they kill or drive out red foxes. As coyotes became more abundant in Missouri in the 1960s and 1970s, red fox numbers dwindled. In recent years, distemper and mange have reduced the coyote population in north Missouri, and red foxes and groundhogs-both preyed on by coyotes-have made a comeback. But in areas where coyotes are abundant, red foxes barely eke out a living.
As a result of this tug of war over habitat, red foxes today frequently live on the fringes of cities and in suburbs, where coyotes hesitate to venture.
Although it is rare for coyotes to interbreed with dogs, it does happen occasionally, resulting in offspring referred to as "coy-dogs." Such crossbreeding is more common where coyotes are few and dogs are numerous.
Coyotes have adapted and thrived where the larger wolves could not. Coyotes are survivors.
--Ron McNeely, Wildlife Damage Biologist
HABITAT HINTS
Plant a quarter-acre food plot for every 40 acres of your land and you'll have more songbirds, rabbits, quail, deer and turkey.
Corn, milo, millet and soybeans make a good food plot mixture. The best month to plant is May, but you can plant as late as the end of June.
For best results, plant in good soil and full sunlight close to brushy cover. Plow up the soil as you would for a garden and work in a 20-10-10 fertilizer.
Plant slightly thinner than recommended for a crop field. This leaves room for native plants to sprout and adds variety to the food mix.
To maximize benefits, start new plots for each of the first three years and let the crop residue stand in previous years' plots. The old plots will provide nesting and brood-rearing habitat. After three years, plow up and replant the first year's plots, and continue this rotation.
You can hunt over food plots without violating baiting restrictions as long as you observe normal agricultural practices. Ask a conservation agent for guidance if you want to brush hog or otherwise manipulate a food plot that you will be hunting near.
Forest discussion produces sustaining ideas
What do you get when you bring together forest preservationists, timber industry professionals and private forest landowners? In Missouri you get a bevy of innovative ideas about how to ensure the future productivity, beauty and ecological integrity of Missouri's forests.
More than 120 people attended the conference on sustainable forestry, titled "Toward a Vision for Missouri's Private Forests," March 4 and 5 at the University of Missouri-Columbia (MU). Sponsors included the MU School of Natural Resources, Conservation Federation of Missouri, the Ozark Chapter of the Sierra Club, Missouri Audubon Council, the Missouri Coalition for the Environment, Missouri departments of Conservation and Natural Resources, Missouri Forest Products Association, the State Tree Farm Committee, the USDA Forest Service and prominent private and corporate forest owners.
Experts in disciplines ranging from forestry to ecology to economics took part in panel discussions that tackled challenges facing the state's forest lands. Chip mills, clearcutting, the ecological and social values of forest and the effect of timber harvest on streams all were discussed.
Participants didn't always agree, but they listened to one another and learned some important facts about Missouri's forest resources. For instance, 85 percent of the state's forest acreage is privately owned. Approximately half of Missouri's forest acreage in noncorporate private ownership is in tracts smaller than 20 acres. And of that amount, only 3 percent is used for timber production.
Participants learned about existing programs to encourage landowners to keep their property in forest and manage it wisely. One such program is a series of seminars sponsored by the Conservation Department about marketing alternative forest products, such as grape vine for making wreaths.
The conference also brought to light several innovative ideas about how Missourians with different viewpoints might achieve common goals. One conference attendee suggested offering workshops where private landowners can learn how to manage forest land for various purposes. Another suggested developing a do-it-yourself kit that would take landowners step-by-step through the process of developing their own forest management plans.
Some new ideas also came from other states. The keynote speaker for the conference, University of Minnesota Professor Paul Ellefson, explained that his state uses a governor-appointed citizen forest advisory council to help elected officials make decisions about forest management. The council has helped resolve issues that are too complex or controversial to be debated effectively in the state legislature. Council members representing the full spectrum of public interests study forest management issues, develop a consensus and make recommendations to legislators.
Conference participants also learned about a program still under development by The Nature Conservancy (TNC) aimed at ensuring good stewardship of Missouri forests. TNC is seeking owners of large forest acreages who are willing to enroll their land in a "forest land bank." They would retain ownership of their land, but would turn over responsibility for managing their acreage to the bank. All the enrolled land would be managed for sustained yield of forest commodities, compatible with biological diversity and other values, such as hunting, fishing, hiking and nature study. Income generated from the land would be divided among depositors, providing annual income even in years when their forest did not generate revenue.
A transcript of proceedings of the conference will be available some time this summer. To receive a copy, send your name and address to Jan Weaver, 208 Tucker Hall, MU, Columbia, MO 65211.
LEWIS & CLARK EMBARK ON FUNDRAISER FOR WILDLIFE ENFORCEMENT
Lewis and Clark history buffs will be interested in a fine-art print being offered to raise funds for the North American Wildlife Enforcement Officers Association.
"Beyond the Next Bend" is a 17x26-inch color print of an original oil painting by Conservation Department artist Mark Raithel. It depicts Lt. William Clark, Capt. Meriwether Lewis and his Newfoundland dog, Seaman, surveying the Missouri River Valley from atop a bluff in central Missouri. In the background, Clark's slave, York, helps another man up the bluff. The remainder of the Corps of Discovery is visible below, waiting on a gravel bar with a keelboat and pirogue. The distant horizon recedes into haze, capturing the mystery that drew the explorers onward through the more than two years they spent documenting what lay between the Mississippi River and the Pacific Ocean.
Signed and numbered prints are available for $75 plus $5 shipping and handling from Missouri Department of Conservation, Protection Division, P.O. Box 180, Jefferson City, MO 65102-0180, attn: Heather.
Professional societies honor conservation work
Some of Missouri's most productive conservationists were honored during the annual Missouri Natural Resources Conference in February. Award recipients include:
- Senior Conservation Agent Jim Tennyson of Mt. Vernon, Citizen Conservationist Award from the American Fisheries Society (AFS).
- Fisheries Research Biologist Kim Graham of Columbia, the John L. Funk Award for Excellence from the AFS.
- U.S. Senator Christopher "Kit" Bond, Conservation Legislator of the Year Award from the Missouri Soil and Water Conservation Society (SWCS).
- Conservation Federation of Missouri Executive Director Deirdre Hirner, Professional Conservationist Award from the SWCS.
- University of Missouri Professor Mark R. Ryan of Columbia, the E. Sydney Stephens Award from The Wildlife Society (TWS).
- Carl Rapp, Education Director for the Kansas City Chapter of the Safari Club International, the G. Andy Runge Award from TWS.
- Ralph Allison of Poplar Bluff, the Karkhagne Award from the Society of American Foresters.
- Wildlife Management Biologist Len Gilmore of Osceola, the Natural Areas Management Award from the Missouri Natural Areas Committee.
Physical combat for the means of subsistence was, for unnumbered centuries, an economic fact. When it disappeared as such, a sound instinct led us to preserve it in the form of athletic sports and games.
Physical combat between men and beasts was, in like manner, an economic fact, now preserved as hunting and fishing for sport.
Aldo leopold, A Sand County Almanac
Nature Center offers an ounce of prevention
Learn how to avoid nicks, cuts, scrapes, burns, bites and blisters that can ruin a hiking, fishing, camping or hunting trip during a one-hour workshop at 2 p.m. May 16 at the Runge Conservation Nature Center in Jefferson City.
Participants will learn how to prevent accidents and recognize poisonous plants, biting/stinging insects and venomous snakes. Class size is limited. Call (573) 526-5544 to make reservations.
Conservationists aren't wild about feral hogs
Missouri's wild lands may seem like "hog heaven" to wild pigs, but the Conservation Department is working to eradicate wild hogs before they take the Show-Me State's ecology, agriculture and human health to heck in a handbasket.
Scattered populations of feral hogs are a legacy of the "open range" era when livestock roamed free. Pigs gone native can carry brucellosis, leptospirosis, pseudorabies and other diseases that affect domestic stock. They also carry undulant fever, a brucellosis-like disease that infects humans.
Wild hogs' foraging damages crops and natural habitats and devastates ground-nesting wildlife. Aggressive wild hogs can even attack people.
The Conservation Department is working with the Missouri departments of Agriculture and Health to control wild hogs while their populations are relatively small and isolated. The state agencies look to prevent the animals' spread through public education, hunting and legislation making it illegal to release hogs into the wild.
The Conservation Department also offers technical advice to landowners experiencing damage from these animals. For more information or assistance in dealing with feral hog problems, contact Tom Hutton at (573) 751-4115, ext. 147.
Stream Teams have lake cousins
First Missouri Stream Teams empowered citizens to become stewards and watchdogs of the state's running waters. Now, Missourians who prefer lakes have an organization to help them watch over their favorite resource.
The Lakes of Missouri Volunteer Program trains volunteers to collect and process lake water samples. These samples are analyzed at the University of Missouri, which sponsors the program. Data collected in this way document current water quality and reveal changes-good and bad-in water quality.
At present, the Lakes of Missouri Volunteer Program comprises about 70 volunteers who track water conditions on 11 lakes. The program publishes its findings in periodic reports. For more information, call (800) 895-2260.
Smallmouth management aims at diverse opportunities
Anglers whose idea of a good time is tying into a hefty smallmouth bass will find lots to like in Missouri's emerging smallmouth management strategy. Those who love the sound of fresh-caught fish sizzling over the campfire will find encouragement, too.
Conservation Department biologists have been studying the effects of various smallmouth management tools in special management areas since 1991. They have learned which stream characteristics lend themselves to management for trophy-sized fish and which are better suited to producing numbers of smaller fish.
Research also has focused on learning what combinations of creel and length limits increase anglers' chances of catching more and larger fish in streams with trophy-bass potential. Now they are ready to begin applying this knowledge to streams statewide.
Fisheries biologists are evaluating 33 candidate streams where special smallmouth bass management efforts might pay off. High on the list are the Black, Eleven Point, Niangua and lower Gasconade rivers.
The next generation of smallmouth management areas may encompass as many as 50 miles of stream each. These, together with streams that remain under regular management, will provide smallmouth fishing opportunities for a variety of tastes.
Federal conservation programs get web feet wet
You can get information about fish and wildlife resources nationwide and learn about two of the world's most successful conservation programs at the new Federal Aid in Sport Fish and Wildlife Restoration home page.
The web site has links to state fish and wildlife agency home pages and provides one-stop shopping for information about hunting, fishing, boating, nature study and other wildlife-related activities. The web site also offers rewards for outdoors people who introduce others to outdoor activities.
The Sport Fish and Wildlife Restoration web site is one component of a three-year cooperative agreement between the International Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, business, industry, nongovernmental organizations and government agencies to increase awareness of wildlife restoration and wildlife-related recreation.
KC DISCOVERY CENTER FUNDING NEARS HALFWAY POINT
Kansas City's proposed Discovery Center is almost halfway to reality. Funds pledged or received so far total $1,365,018. The projected cost of the center, including design, landscaping and exhibits is $3 million.
The largest donation so far is a $500,000 congressional appropriation. The Lydia Dodge Estate has pledged $411,732, and the Hall Family Foundation has pledged another $200,000 to $300,000.
Other major donors include Miller and Jeannette Nichols, Blue Cross/Blue Shield, American Century, Kansas City Power and Light, The H&R Block Foundation, Lou and Sharon Smith, Paul and Virginia Mohr, the Burroughs Audubon Society, Gene Wilson, Bob and Kathy Rogers, Dr. Fred Fowler and Choppy and Sally Rheinfrank. A total of $5,900 has come from contributors who "purchased" bricks for $100 and trees for $500 each.
All contributions to the Discovery Center are tax deductible. Donors can send contributions to the Missouri Conservation Heritage Foundation at P.O. Box 366, Jefferson City, 65102-0366. Donations must be directed to the foundation, not the Conservation Department.Etsy find: patina metal earrings for just $12
It’s always the smallest details that pull your outfit together, like a subtle but chic pair of stud earrings. These patina metal pyramid studs have a rusted, aged look to them that gives off an antique vibe. Choose from a classic grey or two on-trend colors for spring, or snag all three since each pair is only $12.Alice in Wonderland
June 5-14, 2015
Adapted by Tim Kelly.
Find out more here...
OOPS! The Centerfold Locator Map of the Spring 2015 edition of the Virginia Field Trips Guide has the wrong web address for the Children's Museum of Virginia.
Find them at:.
* * * Field Trip Fun for Your Family * * *
Pick Your Own Strawberries! - Chiles Peach Orchard
Crozet, Mon-Sat 9-6, Sun 10-5
We've got a big crop - come on out!
Find out more here...
Extreme Deep Opening - Mariners' Museum
Newport News, May 16
Bring.
Find out more here...
Eye in the Sky Game - Smithsonian Udvar-Hazy Center
Chantilly, May 16, 23, and 30
Smithsonian.
Find out more here...
Science Museum of Virginia Camp In
Richmond, May 29-30, 6pm-9am
Camp In guests will be seeing stars in this astronomy-themed sleepover! Create constellations, partake in a flashlight scavenger hunt, learn their galactic address and journey into the Dome to learn the Secrets of the Sun and experience our Violent Universe.
Find out more here...
Request a copy of the Virginia Field
Trips Magazine / subscribe to the Virginia Field
Trips monthly enews list here.
Request a copy of the Virginia Field Trips Magazine by emailing us directly - publisher@ecpub.net. Please put "Complimentary Copy" in the subject heading.
Tell us if you are a home educator and we will send you the 2014 Summer Home Educator issue!
Ask to be added to the Virginia Field Trips monthly enews list by emailing us directly - publisher@ecpub.net. Please put "Virginia Field Trips eNews subscribe" in the subject heading.
Tell us about your field trip and get added to this website!
Staunton River Battlefield State Park
Randolph, VA
Norfolk, VA
Virginia Beach, VA
Williamsburg, VA
Breaks, VA
Stuart, VA
Appomattox, VA
Grottoes, VA
Delaplane, VA
Cape Charles, VA
Outdoor Learning Center at Horizons
Harrisonburg, VA
Gladstone, VA
Charlottesville, VA
Amelia County, VA
Washington, DC
Smith Mountain Lake State Park
Huddleston, VA
Encore Stage & Studio: “Theatre By Kids, For Kids!”
Arlington, VA
Children's Museum of Virginia
Portsmouth, VA
Newport News, VA
Spotsylvania, VA
Hampton, VA
Virginia Beach Field House
Virginia Beach, VA
Staunton, VA
Virginia Repertory Theatre
Richmond, VA
Chippokes Plantation State Park
Surry, VA
Keystone Tractor Works Museum
Colonial Heights, VA
Montross, VA
High Bridge Trail State Park
Green Bay, VA
Crozet, VA
Hunt Club Farm Children's Garden Tour
Virginia Beach, VA
Lancaster, VA
St. John’s Church Foundation
Richmond, VA
Edith Bolling Wilson Birthplace Museum
Wytheville, VA
McGaheysville, VA
New River Trail State Park
Foster Falls, VA
Southwest Virginia Museum State Park
Big Stone Gap, VA
Powhatan, VA
Shot Tower Historical State Park
Foster Falls, VA
Marion, VA
Clover, VA
Friendship Outdoor Recreation Center
Palmyra, VA
Green Bay, VA
Millboro, VA
Harrisonburg - Explore Downtown!
Harrisonburg, VA
Science Museum of Virginia
Richmond, VA
Lorton, VA
Wilderness Road State Park
Ewing, VA
Amazing Farm Fun @Ticonderoga
Chantilly, VA
Clarksville, VA
Bear Creek Lake State Park
Cumberland, VA
Virginia Sports Hall of Fame & Museum
Portsmouth, VA
King George, VA
Woodbridge, VA
Grayson Highlands State Park
Mouth of Wilson, VA
Staunton River State Park
Scottsburg, VA
Chesterfield, VA
Luray, VA
Natural Tunnel State Park
Duffield, VA
Dublin, VA
Washington, DC
Virginia Beach, VA
Shenandoah River "Raymond R. Andy Guest Jr." State Park
Bentonville, VA
Virginia Holocaust Museum
Richmond, VA
Jamestown Settlement & Yorktown Victory Center
Williamsburg, VAHvZ Takes Over Campus
That time of year is upon us again. The trees are turning green, the flowers are in bloom, and theRead more
Mural Speaks Project
Last week the Sioux Falls creative community helped connect different diversities by sharing the poem The Red Wheelbarrow by WilliamRead more
College Week Anchor Bloopers 2014-2015
It is hard to be perfect each show…well, actually with our staff it seems near impossible. Here are some ofRead moreMinor in Sustainability
Students interested in gaining knowledge of and credentials in sustainability may benefit from completing this minor. Our learning objectives for this minor are to have graduates:
become knowledgeable about methods for evaluating the long-term resource implications of societal practices and proposed practices
able to incorporate the principles of sustainability into their primary field of study.
understand the ethical issues related to resource use and consumption, value multiple perspectives, and to use this knowledge as a basis for future decision making.
understand the function between future local and global opportunities, and current decision making about resource use, consumption, economics, and other societal processes.
Required Courses (select 7 of the following eight courses, 21 hours of course work):
BA 1500 Overview of Business Administration
ESHP 2040 Introduction to Entrepreneurship
CONS 2350 Introduction to Construction
ENVS 1010 Introduction to Environmental Studies
ENVS 4200 Environmental Planning
ID 4070 Green Sustainable and Universal Design for the Built Environment
ID 3650 Lighting Design for Interior Environments
CONS 4000 LEED and Lean
Optional courses to substitute for required courses for students using courses identified in the minor to meet major requirements:
ECT 2050 Renewable Energy and Energy Sustainability
ENVS 3030 Energy and Sustainability
ENVS 3100 Environmental Field or Laboratory Methods, or
ENVH 3090 Environmental Assessment Methods I
For further information, please contact:
Dr. Timothy Chambers,
Business
Dr. Joy Potthoff, Interior Design
Dr. Will Roudebush, Construction ManagementGet the Best Priced Hummer H1 Floor Mats
- Fast Shipping
- 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee
- Lowest Prices
Hummer H1 Replacement Floor Mats Information
Search our online floor mats catalog and find the lowest priced discount auto parts on the web. We sell wholesale to the public. We offer high quality new, OEM, aftermarket and remanufactured Hummer H Auto Car & Truck Floor Mats. We stock floor mats parts for most Hummer models including H2, H3 and H3T.
We stock these Floor Mats brands for the Hummer H1: Husky Liner and Weathertech.
- 06 2006 Hummer H1 Seat Cover Covercraft
- 03 2003 Hummer H1 Window Switch Right Standard Motor Products
Great price and fast delivery. Will do business with again.
I like their web page. It is very easy to navigate and has a good selection of hard to find Mercedes parts.Preview…
with remorse like that no wonder the jury convicted his sorry ass
Posted by: mld | Mar 22, 2012 8:16:30 PM
To be honest, I agree with Ravi. However it may make people angry on this site or whatever, I think Clementi had some serious issues. To any normal functioning person, you don't jump off a bridge because someone filmed you making out with another dude. That's just not a normal response. I think Ravi genuinely didn't have any anti gay animus. I think he just thought his roommate was a weirdo and wanted to be nosy.
He acted in poor judgment, as many college freshmen do, but I don't think he deserves the bias intimidation charge.
The fact that he's getting the same hate crime enhancement to his punishment that, say, a Skinhead might, is troublesome for me.
Posted by: Rob | Mar 22, 2012 8:16:38 PM
Ravi didn't push Tyler off the bridge. BUT he did what he was accused of in terms of invading privacy, tampering with evidence, blah blah blah. He was found guilty of the accused crimes by a jury of his peers.
And I agree with MLD - this kind of response (recorded!) will not serve him well in any kind of appeal. Plus he's putting out to the world "I did do things wrong." Hard to win appeal when you tell the press you did wrong.
Posted by: Randy | Mar 22, 2012 8:23:18 PM
WTF? Any shred of compassion I felt for Ravi just flew out the window. So... He doesn't see how broadcasting a gay sex encounter to the entire college campus might devastate someone?
The one item that keeps playing in my mind is the unidentified lover who said he was noticing people starting to stare, making comments to each other and how it all become very unsettling (obviously not the exact words). I can just imagine what it was like for Clementi. He finally made it out of high school and, thanks to Ravi, faced something far more horrible then he could ever have imagined. What did Ravi think would be the effect on him?
I wonder if Ravi realizes his words are only making things worse for him in the eyes of many, many others.
Posted by: Michael | Mar 22, 2012 8:28:26 PM
No, you could not have known what his issues may have been and you may have been the proverbial straw that "broke the camels back". But make no mistake, your actions did play a part in Clementi's death.
I would agree you are paying a pretty steep price for it. That said, I do not feel sorry for you. I believe that your actions were malicious in nature and I also think you may actually have your own unresolved issues you need to work out.
Posted by: Kenn I | Mar 22, 2012 8:29:20 PM
Arrogant little creep. Blame the victim.
He is totally guilty of what he was convicted of, invasion of privacy and tampering with evidence...which will probably hold up on appeal, although the bias charges are less certain.
Posted by: qj201 | Mar 22, 2012 8:31:49 PM
This slimeball lost in a court of law, so now he is trying to win in the court of public opinion. That's why he's doing the media blitz--so that he can garner sympathy and then see if that helps get his conviction overturned on appeal. It's as simple as that.
Posted by: atomic | Mar 22, 2012 8:36:51 PM
This is all PR - an attempt to paint Ravi has a good person, one who would never do what he has been convicted of. I saw a portion of the interview on ABC News just now and I minored in advertising. Ravi will speak out now, before he is sentenced, to change the perspective, to put him in a more positive, "I'm just an 18YO fool" mindset in the world's eyes so that he does not face 10 years in prison.
Sadly Tyler Clementi cannot step forward like this and dispute any of Ravi's new claims. Dharun Ravi deserves every day of his ten-year sentence and those of you apologizing for him, believing in him have been duped. The jury saw the truth and it is hoped that all this PR will not alter the sentence an honest judge will give him.
Posted by: OS2Guy | Mar 22, 2012 8:52:34 PM
Rob, I used to think like you did. I was confused, with the attitude of "So somebody saw him making out with another guy for less than a minute then told a few other people about it. I don't get what the big deal was, there HAS to be something more to it than that!"
It took me reading "MB's" testimony before I got it. (MB was the guy Tyler 'hooked up' with, who remains anonymous.) He said that as he left the dorm after Ravi and Wei had spied on them (plus the "5 or so" people Wei turned the camera back on for), there were people standing in groups looking at him oddly. The next time he met up with Tyler (the "viewing party" that didn't work) they heard derisive laughter as if someone was making jokes at someone's expense.
Ravi didn't "just" spy on Tyler kissing a man for a few seconds. He let Wei see and she showed at least five more people. Then after that he gossiped about with everyone he could both in person and via electronic means like Twitter and IM's. (I think Ravi was using Tyler to elevate his own social standing- it gave him a story to tell.)
What this is really about is that Ravi "outed" Tyler to the entire dorm and made him a figure of ridicule. We have no idea what someone else may have said to him but they wouldn't have HAD anything to say to him if Ravi hadn't turned Tyler's personal life and sexuality into a running joke for public consumption and amusement.
Articles and journalists keep saying that Tyler Clementi was an "out" gay man. Yes and no. Coming out isn't an event, something you do once and it's over, it's a process that Tyler had JUST BEGUN. He had told his parents (and felt his mother was rejecting) and his gay brother, who was apparently not out to their parents at the time. Some of his friends (at least online) knew and he went to gay message boards. He was just beginning to peek his head out of the closet and Dharun Ravi "outed" him to the entire dorm and gave details about Tyler and the "homeless looking dude" he was seeing. He publicly embarrassed a shy FRESHMAN gay young man in front of the whole dorm just a few weeks after school started.
That doesn't seem so innocent and harmless now, does it? Tyler Clementi showed up at college, as all new students do, expecting to start a new chapter in his life, to make friends, to find a career, etc. No doubt he was planning to come out to more people IN HIS OWN TIME, when he felt comfortable doing so. But Dharun Ravi spied on him in an intimate situation then used that information to embarrass him in front of the whole dorm. At that moment Tyler probably felt that he would never live that down, that he would always be "the guy who...."
Obviously he overreacted but I don't think any 18 year old, particularly a GAY 18 year old not fully out of the closet, would have just shrugged their shoulders and said "who cares?" They would be embarrassed, scared, angry, depressed; full of emotions that might overwhelm them.
So yeah, actually I think we DO know why Tyler Clementi committed suicide. Was that a reasonable reaction? No, but it's never really rational when teenagers kill themselves though, is it? "Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem." The difficulty is getting young people to see past the temporary pain, shame, guilt, loneliness or whatever they're going through at the moment.
But one thing we DO know is that the situation that ended up overwhelming Tyler Clementi started from the deliberate actions of Dharun Ravi.
From that point you can get into questions of intent, reasonable punishment, etc, etc, but you DO have to start there. Dharun Ravi's deliberate actions were a substantial factor in putting Tyler Clementi on the edge of the George Washington bridge. Any other conclusion is dishonest.
Posted by: Caliban | Mar 22, 2012 9:01:15 PM
no accountability; no soul
Posted by: t | Mar 22, 2012 9:01:32 PM
Yeah... you're actually making it worse, Ravi. Which, I didn't think was possible...
Posted by: Hollywood, CA | Mar 22, 2012 9:01:46 PM
If you admit you were in the wrong, why did you think community service was too much?
Posted by: Wes | Mar 22, 2012 9:04:15 PM
There has never been any evidence that Tyler had any personal issues. He was a little shy but active in school, music and had good friends.
I believe he must have been so embarrassed and humiliated about what happened. Peers in his residence hall, in his new home saw him being intimate with someone and were basically making fun of him.
And then after the first time he learns that this sick roommate is trying to do it again. There were other ways of dealing with the situation but I can just imagine what that poor guy was going through in that dorm with that homophobe.
Posted by: Tony | Mar 22, 2012 9:04:53 PM
I don't get it about the PR blitz. What you do on TV or even if you manage to change all of public opinion will not affect one iota of what a judge will do in a court of law, and doesn't have a chance of effecting the sentencing or the appeal. I just don't get it.
I'd like to clear up 2 things, since misconceptions about them have already cropped up in this thread.
(1) The bias intimidation charge Ravi was found guilty of concerned the victim's reasonable interpretation that there was anti-gay bias. Ravi was acquitted of having his own anti-gay bias. There was not enough evidence of that, and to the extent he's claiming to have been found by a jury to have anti-gay bias, he's outright lying. But I'm glad the law holds us responsible for not giving two seconds' thought to how our actions affect other people.
(2) It was not the spying per se that appears to have unhinged Tyler Clementi. Few people saw the first encounter, and Clementi himself foiled the broadcast of the second. But not before Ravi had already tweeted an invitation to watch - and it was the reply tweets of Ravi's followers that so upset Tyler Clementi - and rightly so. Not a word of condemnation for spying on a roommate's intimate moments of privacy. Rather, 100% homophobic bile and hatred. The evidence demonstrated Tyler was very upset by this public ridicule on Twitter.
Dharun Ravi set this all in motion and kept in motion, then lied to cover it up. But it apparently WAS the straw that broke the camel's back and a boy is now dead. Perhaps Ravi's right that this case would not have gone to trial if a death were not involved. But a death IS involved. And the case also would not have gone to trial if Ravi himself had just accepted the plea deal for community service with no jail time.
I've never had much sympathy for the snooty, self-absorbed punk. If possible, this PR blitz pushes me into the territory of actual antipathy.
Posted by: Zlick | Mar 22, 2012 9:38:26 PM
I absolutely can't stand that freaking awful idiot Ravi.
But he probably rejected the plea deal because a plea deal involves admitting guilt and if you are guilty of a felony as a non-citizen, you'll most likely get deported.
So it's not as straight forward a decision to plead guilty in exchange of a light sentence for a non-citizen vs. a citizen.
Posted by: galore | Mar 22, 2012 9:47:57 PM
Ravi gets to live and tell his side of the story, while Clementi was shamed and humiliated by Ravi, to the point of killing himself.
Who was whoring themselves out? Right Ravi?
Posted by: bkmn | Mar 22, 2012 10:00:40 PM
Huh, if he's so unconcerned with looking like an idiot, why didn't he just take the stand at the trial?
There's something that's bugged me about the whole series of events, and it's the event we know nothing about. Read somewhere that there was a meeting in the dorm room between Ravi and Tyler the night Tyler commited suicide. My gut tells me there has to be more, something bigger, that drove Tyler to end it, and that Ravi has something to do with it. Only 2 people know what was said, and 1 of them is dead. Over-dramatic? Perhaps. But there's just something missing here.
Posted by: jim | Mar 22, 2012 10:01:30 PM
He refuses to take even a minimum amount of responsibility for any of this actions. He is doing media interview yet he refused to tell his side of the story at his trial.
Posted by: texasguy377 | Mar 22, 2012 10:02:02 PM
Why are people giving this jerk airtime?
He did what he did, a jury found him guilty of it, and he honestly thinks he's being used as an example because for a change a friggen jury actually followed the law without emotion and did the right thing?
He obviously still doesn't get it. He obviously has no remorse. He obviously needs to just shut up and go to jail.
Posted by: Davelandia | Mar 22, 2012 10:08:15 PM
Posted by: David Ehrenstein | Mar 22, 2012 10:14:25 PM
Okay, what made my blood boil, is he states that he knew what Tyler was thinking and he knew that Tyler was not intimidated by him or bothered by his actions? Yes, that is why Tyler requested a roommate change because he was so comfortable with the situation. Anyone who says they know what someone else was thinking is lying or deluding themselves. I agree with (commenter) Jim, something else happened and I would not be surprised if it was something very sinister on Ravi's part.
Posted by: Angela Channing | Mar 22, 2012 10:55:25 PM
Deport his sociopathic ass.
Posted by: Polyboy | Mar 22, 2012 11:06:40 PM
all i see is arrogance and deflection and a dead boy floating in the river. i'm happy he's going away to prison.
Posted by: deedrdo | Mar 22, 2012 11:12:08 PM
Does he really believe people can't have a "profound effect" on the people around them?
Posted by: T | Mar 22, 2012 11:15:21 PM
Didn't Tyler leave a suicide note? Have the contents ever been revealed?
Posted by: Henry Holland | Mar 22, 2012 11:19:30 PM
written buy big oil and the koch lobbyist 7.00 a gallon .suckers
Just to help you out in understanding the difference in McCain's 2008 and 2014 positions:
2008: Ongoing "war on terror" and massive military spending in Iraq and Afghanistan, high point of demonization of muslims and GOP hopes and plans for a replacement of the "cold war" with new bogeymen and a new "cold war" in full swing.
2014: Not so much anymore....Iraq and Afghanistan pretty much over, demonization of muslims has waned and the "war on terror" isn't working as a justification for everything and anything they can come up with...military spending already cut and about to be reduced even further.
Any questions?
Just imagine the War/s America would be in right now if a republicans was preisdent. Republicans = warmongers
Sniffit."
----------
The Radical Right and their Koch handlers need demons to have us fight, whether it is the creation of the Cold War all over again, or sinful behavior and imagined moral decline, or Obama's birth certificate, or mysterious Death Panels. If they can make us scared of something, they have us. Domestic terrorism.
CNN can & will spin any issue in favor of President Obama. Soon, they will be lauding the Crimean crisis as a foreign policy coup for the President. President Obama persuaded Putin to take the Crimea against his will!
.....
Sniffit – Let's turn to every snake oil Democratic salesman.
Obama 2008- Late 2013 – "If you like your insurance policy you can keep your insurance policy."
Obama Late 2013 – "Uhhhh, ummmm, uhhhhh"
Any questions?
Of course, one thing the Right is remarkably silent on: the role Daddy koch played in helping the Soviets rebuild their refineries. I guess we have them to thank for giving Putin all the leverage Russia is using on the Ukraine and the rest of Europe. Strange that Palin and the other sages on the Right don't mention that, hmmmm.
@Enough is Enough
.....
-----------
Laugh away. I am not talking about conservatives. I am talking about the tail that is wagging the conservative dog. Money and religious zeitgeist is running and ruining your show. But do laugh on.
Forget Sanctions. Let's send Hillary back with her 'Reset' button, that actually said 'Overcharge'.
"Sniffit – Let's turn to every snake oil Democratic salesman.
Obama 2008- Late 2013 – "If you like your insurance policy you can keep your insurance policy."
Obama Late 2013 – "Uhhhh, ummmm, uhhhhh"
Any questions?"
==
Yeah, I have a question (altho I already know the answer): Why did you skip the part where he acknowledged the problem, publicly apologized and then implemented regulatory policies to help address it?
I disapprove of Obama's performance. I disapprove even more of the Republicans and their constant criticism and total lack of providing anything constructive.
To Jay: Could you see Russia from your front porch?
Seriously, You sound like one of the few here who has a clue.
Wow...how times have changed and history is so easily forgotten. Never mind the idea that we and our allies should eventually oppose Russia with military force for just annexing other countries, 41% of us (55% under 35) do not even want to use economic pressure. We are increasingly becoming an isolationist people (a la Rand Paul), and I believe we will one day pay a huge price for it!
I guess you HAVE to impose sanctions, but I doubt they will change anything and there is a big chance they could backfire as I am sure Putin will increase the cost of natural gas to Europe which will then push Europe to ask Obama to ease the sanctions. Regardless, Crimea is once again part of Russia and nothing will change that. it's now just a question of whether Putin will takeover larger swaths of eastern Ukraine.
59% approve of sanctions giving 4 other terrible options.
Where on earth did you come up with those numbers? No one I know wants anything to do with Russia. Obama wants to run this country and our people into the ground with war. Since he's a puppet president I assume we will not get a say. So he's already began to tell new agency's what to print?? Nice going CNN with your bogus approval rating
If Russia attacked Turkey from the rear do you thing Greece will help?
Remember when we used economic sanctions against Japan after they established a puppet state in Manchuria in 1932 and invaded China in 1937....what happened next was They Bombed Pearl Harbor!!!
International issues are handled internationally, using the United Nations. The UN typically implements sanctions in these situations, so that seems to be a prudent step.
Obviously it is not an issue for America, and frankly, who cares.
It doesnt matter what anyone thinks about russia or not....We are trillions in debt living off of credit...How could we do anything even if we wanted to??? We need to get our house straight,how can we worry about any other nations???
-History Teacher
Remember when we used economic sanctions against Japan after they established a puppet state in Manchuria in 1932 and invaded China in 1937....what happened next was They Bombed Pearl Harbor!!!
**********************
So, you feel that we will be inviting attack by imposing sanctions? The Japanese went after us because we were their largest supply of oil, and the Pearl Harbor attack was to help Japan secure oil facilities in the Dutch East indies. We don't have oil leverage on them, but we have other means of hurting them. Its an apples to oranges comparison.
Some European allies may not take part in sanction against Russia, Putin hold their neck as main gas supplier. Putin's clever move taking control of gas company after all pipe lines were in placed. This is a blackmail.
Polls are for fools.
We don't need another stinkin' war! PERIOD.
Crimeans don't seen too unhappy with the Russians being where they don't belong.
75% of americans agree that obama should be removed now. how come cnn obama syndicate does not publicize that poll percentage?Dexilant »
Dexilant
DEXILANT
(dexlansoprazole) Delayed-release Capsules
DRUG.,...
Read All Potential Side Effects and See Pictures of Dexilant »
What are the precautions when taking dexlansoprazole delayed release capsules (Dexilant)?...
Read All Potential Precautions of Dexilant ».Will.
860-647-0303.
EventList powered by schlu.net.
SPY SHOT: Future Car.ANALISA UMUR EKONOMIS UNTUK MENENTUKAN WAKTU PEREMAJAAN YANG OPTIMAL BAGI MESIN MOULDING
Abstract
PT. Andalas Lumber Products is a company engaged in manufacturing semi-finished wood (sawn timber). The company's success in serving customer demand on time is determined by the readiness of the facility in carrying out its functions. One of the main engine is a molding machine is the machine used for the finishing process. The ability of these hourly Moulding machine is 600 m / hr working hours per day 7 hours, so if the machine does not operate in a single day because of damage to the business may experience a loss of 4200 m / hour. This machine consists of three units of the machine, which was 9 years old, in theory the economic life of 10 years for type machine Unimat 23E and 22N Profimat 8 years. This category of critical engine unit, therefore it is necessary that good maintenance schedule and a schedule of renovation that is right for the machine. In this research study and analysis of economic life cycle through the calculation of the estimated operating expenses, depreciation calculations, and determination of the cost of return on capital (capital recovery cost) by using an interest rate of 10%. Replacement schedule will be taken through the smallest total cost is considered as the economic life of the machine where the costs incurred is minimum. From the results obtained by processing data from the smallest total cost of Rp molding machines I 157,240,725.3 with economic life in its 7th year, molding machine II of Rp 112 551 903 with the economic life of Rp 156,391,605.3 the economic life of the year-to-7. With both types of machines are economical replacement should have been done.Key words : Economic life-cycle, Capital-Recovery, Replacement
Refbacks
- There are currently no refbacks.
Lembaga Penelitian Universitas Negeri Padang
Jalan Prof. Dr. Hamka, Air Tawar, Padang
Telp./Fax. (0751) 443450, email: info@lemlit.unp.ac.id- November 21, 1944 - February 20, 2008
-
“Dear Hambright family, I am sorry about the loss of your loved one. I hope God's word will bring you some comfort. Joh. 5:28,29,"Do not marvel...Read More »
”
1 of 1 | Posted by: Lynne Eckert - Fort Wayne, IN
Sandra D. Hambright, 63, passed away Wednesday, February 20, 2008 at Parkview Hospital in Fort Wayne. She was a LPN. Survivors include husband, Walter Hambright of Fort Wayne; son, Kenton Beckman of Fort Wayne; 3 grandchildren, Blake, Asia Kylie; and cousin, Connie Goodwin of Fort Wayne; 5 sister-in-laws, Annie, Dorothy, Mary, Viola, and Veola; 3 brother-in-laws, Willie, Otha, and Oties. She was preceded in death by her parents, Leroy and Lela Andrews Beckman. Graveside service is 2 pm Wednesday at Concordia Cemetery with calling from 12:30 to 1:30 p.m. Wednesday at D.O. McComb & Sons Lakeside Park Funeral Home, 1140 Lake Ave. Memorial to the family.[Date Index]
[Thread Index]
[Author Index]
Re: Testing for squares
Ray,
Thank you for your message. However, most of the integers I need to
test are not machine size, and test2 reverts to the uncompiled code.
Julián
Ray Koopman wrote:
> In[1]:= test1 = IntegerQ[Sqrt[#]]&;
> test2 = Compile[{{n,_Integer}},Round[Sqrt[N[n]]]^2 === n];
> v = Range[123456];
> Timing[a = test1/@v;]
> Timing[b = test2/@v;]
> a === b
>
> Out[4]= {3.49 Second,Null}
> Out[5]= {0.34 Second,Null}
> Out[6]= True
>
> Julian Aguirre wrote:
> >?
> >
> > Thanks for any help,
> >
> > Julián AguirreScope: Sky-Watcher Explorer 150PL (Newtonian 150/1200 mm), camera: Point Grey Chameleon mono, solar filter: Baader AstroSolar ND 5.
Illustration of poor characteristics of AstroSolar in longer wavelengths (red and infrared). Note that the Solar Continuum (narrowband green) filter alone gives low quality image because it heavily leaks infrared. This is why it has to be used with an IR/UV cut filter.
The video is sped up to 25 fps from Chameleon's 18 fps. Quality as shown here is slightly worse than original due to recompression by Vimeo.For NFL rookies, football has become a game of haves versus have-nots.
Do you have a playbook or not?
With team facilities shut and no contact with coaches allowed, players are left to improvise in order to prepare for the season — whenever that may come.
Chances are, if a player was drafted in the first or second round, he has a playbook. But with later-round picks — selected after the briefly-lifted lockout was put back in place — all bets are off.
Consider Jamie Harper, a Clemson running back taken in the fourth round by Tennessee. He attended the NFL Players Rookie Premier in Los Angeles this week, an annual event at which trading-card photos are shot, and was hoping to take a glimpse of the playbook given to quarterback Jake Locker, the Titans' first-round pick. Alas, Locker didn't bring it.(970) 248-0638
(970) 248-0625
Released On: October 21, 2004
At Taylor Park Dam, releases will be reduced to 25 cubic-feet-per-second for safety and visibility reasons. Experience from similar inspections in 1993 and 1999 showed that releases can be reduced for no longer than 15 minutes to protect the Taylor River fishery. Divers will limit dive time to 15 minutes or less, and the river downstream from the dam will be monitored during the dive. If impacts are developingock with the Bureau of Reclamation at 970-248-0600.Flag on the Play: Misleading Energy Responses to the Super Bowl Blackout
"Flag on the Play: Misleading Energy Responses to the Super Bowl Blackout" sporting event, but it may be the first time that such a blackout served as a kickoff for conspiracy theories and misleading facts about energy infrastructure. Here’s a ten-yard run through misleading facts that have been attributed to the blackout.
We need more coal!
Entergy’s claim that there was no problem with energy supply wasn’t enough to deter Peabody Energy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Boyce, who stated that, “Without coal, you might as well turn off half the lights not just for our favorite games but also for our cities, shops, factories and homes.” Yet coal use in power plants has dropped from 50 to 36 percent, based on the low cost of natural gas, and the high cost of respiratory problems from its pollution. Coal-powered electric plants are the nation’s top source of carbon dioxide (CO2) pollution, the primary source of climate change. Power plant emissions also cause smog, which triggers a host of health problems from lung damage, asthma attacks, and chest pain. Boyce’s claims aren’t just wrong—they’re dangerous.
We need to drill more!
Senator Lisa Murkowski, R-AK, said that the Super Bowl outage “helps to perhaps kick-start the debate,” as she released her energy plan blueprint that gives a big boost to increased drilling for oil and gas. “We’ve got this Immaculate Conception theory of energy: It just happens, the lights turn on, it’s the temperature we want, until it’s not,” said the Senator. Oil isn’t generally used for electricity, though natural gas is a significant fuel for power plants. Regardless of what happened at the Super Bowl, an energy plan relying on fossil fuels gives us temperatures we really don’t want, in the form of global warming.
Energy efficiency caused the power outage!
Others tried to blame the Superdome’s 26,000 LED lights for the blackout, despite the fact that energy efficient lights reduce strain on the electrical grid and can help prevent blackouts. This sly finger-pointing was quickly shot down when others noticed that the LED lights were on the outside of the stadium — and did just fine.
Blame it on Beyonce!
Pop stars aren’t often blamed for infrastructure failures, but Beyonce’s high-voltage halftime performance raised theories that the brightly lit show caused an electric demand overload. Not so, says the Superdome’s manager — the performance was lit with generators.
While we haven’t quite discovered the true cause of the outage, this year’s Superbowl has sparked a new kind of Monday morning quarterbacking about energy infrastructure. Let’s hope that by next January, people will stop making the blame game the next “Superbowl shuffle,” end tired plays to promote dirty fossil fuels, and instead make forward passes on energy efficiency, cleaner power, and smart grid reform.
Danielle Baussan is the Associate Director of Government Affairs at the Center for American Progress
Have you read Language Intelligence yet? When trying to counter myths (aka lies) don’t repeat them.
Here is an idea. How about scheduling more games for daylight? This across the globe for all big sports fixtures.
Sure practices for the sportsmen and women could be allowed after dark because many of the truly dedicated have day jobs.
My take on how the blackout helps make the case for smart microgrids at grist –
Ooh, I heard a better one! Anonymous hackers turn out to be 49er’s fans. :^)
It could be used to make the case for LEDs against HID (High Intensity Discharge) lighting, which is both power hungry and takes 15 minutes to reach full brightness. Nearly half of the wait time, was waiting for the HID lights to reach full intensity. And of course if you know you can turn lights on instantly, you can turn them off when not needed.Commenter mbp3 has some trenchant thoughts on the pharmaceutical market:
One thing you don't mention in this post (but perhaps you discuss in your piece on pipelines) is that pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) like Medco are structured such that their incentive to maximize profits aligns with employers/government incentive to reduce costs. Medco makes more money from each generic drug dispensed than from each brand name drug, even though the cost of brand drugs can be 10x higher.
So, I submit that the Medicare prescription drug program has come in below original spending projections because incentives are aligned: plans that prescribe more generics cost less for customers and allow the PBMs such as Medco to generate more profit. A win-win for everyone except brand drug companies.
The new HC reform bill does not have the same alignment of incentives. Goverment will attempt to cut costs administratively, by reducing Medicare payments and forcing companies to pay large fees, while doing vey little to reduce the subsidy given to employer based plans and while increasing the number and scope of mandatory coverage.
Later (s)he adds:
I think the structure of Part D had a lot to do with it. Management of the prgram was outsourced to profit maximizing companies, the reimbursement is based on a competitive bidding system so a higher bid forces a plan to charge a higher monthly premium -- which can make the plan less attractive to seniors. Also the entire program is re-bid each year -- meaning unhappy seniors can switch plans at the end of each year.
Look at the rate of generic drug substitution in Medicare - it's 70%+. Much higher than in any other country that uses a single payor / nationalized system. These systems have the same opportunity to generate savings as in the Medicare drug program, yet they have not done so, at last partly because there is little incentive to do so.
What I'm saying is, yes there were structural changes happening. BUT, the Medicare drug program was structured in such a way as to take advantgae of these changes and perhaps to accelerate them. HC reform is not.Russia's Gazprom settles Ukraine gas row, but profits could dip
The energy giant agreed Tuesday to pay 'European prices' for Central Asian gas, where it has long enjoyed below-market rates.
Almaty, Kazakhstan
It's been an important week for Russian energy giant Gazprom's bid to strengthen its hold on oil and gas markets.
After withholding 50 percent of Ukraine's gas supplies in a brief dispute last week, Gazprom on Thursday struck a deal that cuts out middlemen and gives it more access to the ex-Soviet country's industrial gas customers. But while putting the squeeze on Ukraine, Gazprom also felt new pressure from increasingly bold Central Asian states, whose energy resources are being sought by the US, Europe, and China, as well as Russia.
Facing the heightened competition, Gazprom agreed to pay European prices for gas from key energy partners Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Kazakhstan. Although it could result in lower revenues for Gazprom, experts say Russia has effectively bought control of Central Asian exports.
"Russia will maintain its control on gas supplies even though its profit will go down," says Sergey Smirnov, energy expert from the Expert Kazakhstan journal. "All other alternative routes that are on paper today become unreal."
The deal is likely to affect Europe most, which analysts say will face higher prices. In addition, the European Union is likely to find less receptivity now from Central Asian states for a proposed Trans-Caspian pipeline that would diversify energy supplies from Russia.
"High import prices can force Russia to raise export of its own gas," says Mikhail Krutikhin of Russian Energy, a consultancy firm in Moscow.
Ukraine, particularly, may be in the worst situation as most of its imported gas comes through Russia from Turkmenistan, which is likely to raise its gas prices from the current $130 to $150 per 1,000 cubic meters (tcm) to $250 to $350 tcm.
Russia's role as sole exporter
Because all operational pipelines in Central Asia date to the Soviet era, all gas exports go through Russia. Russia has effectively used this position to dictate prices to ex-Soviet states. Just two years ago Russia was buying Turkmen gas at $65 per tcm and sold it to European countries at $250 to 300 per tcm.
Such price inequalities drove Central Asian nations to seek alternative gas export routes – a task not difficult when China and the West were looking to diversify energy supplies away from Russia and the Middle East..Kenyan citizens caught on camera having physical s*x In Muliro Garden- Adults Only
Kenya has been put on the international map for 'sex on the ‘bench'. Kenya was hit with a bush sex scandal in March 2011 when several shots of different Kenyan citizens were caught on camera having physical sex in different positions, at a particular location, on a particular bench in the Masinde Muliro Garden, Kakamega located in Kenya.
According to various sources from Kenya, the photos were taken by the Police to show as evidence to expose the indecent act to the world. The shocking pictures somehow found its way on the internet in the first week of March last year which attracted international concerns and reactions from the Kenyan presidency and even religious leaders.
We discovered that the whole Clergy in Kenya had an intensive prayer session in the garden because they believe the disgraceful act has dented the image of the much respected tourist garden in the country. Church leaders from different denominations in Kakamega held prayers at the Muliro Garden on April 4, 2011 to cleanse the grounds.
This followed photos of immorality highlighted in the media and internet. The pictures captured people including students, old men, nursing mothers among others having sex at the recreational ground arousing mixed reactions from all sectors.
Religious leaders led by Bishop Olumasai condemned those who have been involved in the immoral activities at the ground and called on them to repent and urged people to respect it and not use it as a mating center. The garden is known for hosting religious and national meetings in Kenya.
Kenyan Government officials and the Police have since taken the matter up to investigate and bring all the people involved to book. Till date, this act is considered as one of the biggest national sex scandals in the East African country.
The garden which was already a tourist attraction, has since become one of the biggest tourist sites in the home land of American President, Barack Obama.
: Kenyan citizens caught on camera having physical s*x In Muliro Garden- Adults Only ...Ten: Is that because there are already 3,000 haggadahs out there?
Steve Roberts: In a general sense, [we] have counseled many young couples who are in interfaith relationships, and we have found a very strong desire on the part of [these] couples to reach back and connect to their tradition, but not knowing how, and being hesitant or confused. Our hope is that those couples will be able to take this book and find encouragement. If you can sum up the theme of this book in one phrase—“you can do it, be not afraid.” You can reach back and celebrate these traditions and do it in a way that respects both of your faiths.
I know you are both familiar with the four questions of Passover, so what makes your haggadah different from all others?
CR: The four questions are still the four questions. The ancient ceremony, the basic order, the Seder, is the same. It’s shorter than some, but...
SR: Longer, however, than the world’s shortest Seder, which is nine words: They tried to kill us, we won, let’s eat.
CR: The commentary is different. We’ve each written introductions out of our experience. And then we have proactive advice—how to set the table, recipes that are unbelievably simple that make it much easier to contemplate doing this…It’s in the tradition of a Jewish commentary, but with an interfaith bent.
SR: One of the things we tried to do is point out that the story of liberation—and of course, we did this before Tahrir Square [epicenter of the recent Egyptian revolution]. But here’s a story of a group demanding, “Let my people go” from a modern-day pharaoh—so it just reinforces the resonance and relevance of this story to almost any group demanding freedom. One of things we have done is provide alternative reading in the book [from] non-Jewish sources, from Nelson Mandela to Sitting Bull, on the subject of freedom. So people will understand that, while this is a very Jewish story and Jewish ritual, it also touches a much larger theme.
What do you think makes a Seder intimidating?
CR: Looking at pictures of a Passover table is intimidating. It has things on it that you don’t normally see…It has foods that can be different from food that you normally cook. But a lot of people are just intimidated about cooking, much less about cooking a ritual meal.
SR: One of things I tried to do in my essay is instruct and encourage people how to conduct a Seder. Even though I was raised Jewish, I had never attended a Seder as a child. I certainly didn’t inherit from my two very, almost anti-religious grandfathers any sense of this ritual or how to conduct it. So I think, “Oh, am I going to make a mistake? Am I gonna do it right?”…When, in truth, what we try to say is: “However you do it, this will help you do it. Also, relax. If you make a mistake, don’t worry about it. The real point is the spirit. The real point is the feeling. It’s not pronouncing every word right.” I think people need [to hear] that.
And by the third glass of wine, no one cares anyway.
CR: That’s exactly right. Keep in mind people have been performing this ritual for thousands of years across the world—sometimes in horrendous circumstances—and they didn’t have everything right. They just had the spirit. And that’s all that counts.
Do you think your book could supplant the more traditional haggadahs?
CR: That’s not the purpose. The purpose is to help people who are uncomfortable with traditional haggadahs.
SR: There’s a larger context here. We wrote a book 10 years ago about our mixed religious heritage, and one of the reasons it is still in print is because there is a growing yearning on the part of young people in these interfaith marriages [to reconnect] to their faith. We feel very strongly that organized Judaism has got to embrace these young couples and not drive them away. In that sense, this book is part of a much larger trend to help organized Judaism not reject these non-Jewish spouses but respect and embrace them.
Pub info:
Our Haggadah: Uniting Traditions for Interfaith Families
Cokie and Steve Roberts
Harper / March 8, 2011 / 9780062018106 / $24.99Presque vuPresque vuPresque vu by BlueExcelsior
Very unexpectedly
the gray veil peels back
And theres only a face, sun-brilliant white.
Desperately, I ask
Will you tell me the truth? I feel
like something very important is on the tip of my tongue
Very unwanted
the world floods back in
Gray still. But does it shine a little more?
Truth comes piecemeal A hopeful sigh
I finish washing my hands
and turn off the faucet
The one I sawThe one I saw on the side of the roadThe one I saw by BlueExcelsior
Its a desperate kind of hot,
In cryptic verse he cries out fears.
The people that pass dont listen.
Ragged teeth, one blind eye, a bodily rot
He looks like Jesus -- aged thirty years.
The End is Near Sharpie on a board
Pity is wrestling with hate and disgust
Like an animal its better to put down
Make way for the coming of the Lord.
Nows the time to return to dust.
That one blind eye can read my soul
So I become a blind man too
What can I do to ease such pain?
Check for missed calls, change for the toll.
Just then arrive two men in blue
They take him away,Too much to drink.
But what message is this sending?
I cant tell why I feel so ill.
Light turns green, hit the gas, I think
That the world could use some ending.
Grain of SandGrain of SandGrain of Sand by BlueExcelsior
The birds moved south for the winter.
The old man sighs, a bitter cold sting
Deeply she laughs, its soft and warm,
But dont they return in the spring?
Ages ago the master said,
See the world in a grain of sand.
But dust covers yellowing pages,
In this filth I see nothing grand.
Nothing in his pocket but dusty dreams
Your dreams dont feed, she stood, Were done.
Sometimes small things can mean big things.
Alone he watched the setting sun.
It is very hot. He mumbled.
The air is off; A rent increase.
The sun burns in the desert plain
But in between the tears is peace.
Its only small, you still can live.
Though she was weak, she tried to stand,
A painful truth in what he said,
See the world in a grain of sand.
half emptyhalf emptyhalf empty by BlueExcelsior
Your glass? Half-empty, and theres no
hope left for the future. You sigh,
Why do the bad times move so slow?
Why does the joy feel like a lie?
But the chance is inside, I know.
Dreams are like seeds (for rain you cry)
they have to be planted to grow.
Just dont wait too long, it might die
--SijBryce Covert writes for Think Progress: “On a single day last year, domestic violence support programs were unable to meet 9,641 requests for help, from emergency shelter to legal representation, according to the latest census from the National Network to End Domestic Violence (NNEDV). ‘This means that over 9,000 times an advocate was forced to tell a courageous caller or person at the door that, unfortunately, there was no bed, counselor, or attorney available to help,’ the report notes.”Well, thank God Katie posted a re-cap for us today, because I really don't have much to say. I hung out with my dad all day today so had to temporarily un-glue myself from my computer. I looks from the box score like Slowey had 3 very good innings, so yey! for Kevin. Other than that, not too much.
However... in a weird way does anyone else really wish Jimmy Gobble played for the Twins now? So we could have Gobble and Gosling on our team? I think that would be awesome. Oh! and Span. Get it? Span? Like wing span? Yeah, probably one of those things that's only funny if you're me. (What if they all played for the Cardinals or one of the other bird teams? Okay I'll stop now.)
Really the only other thing to talk about is A-rod's injury and all that speculation, and really, who cares at this point? Interesting A-rod story though. My brother lives in Tampa and was apparently out to dinner for a friends birthday some time in the last week or so when his party realized that A-rod was sitting across the room from them having dinner with his family. They decided it was interesting enough to have seen him and decided to not disturb the family meal, but still that's pretty cool right?
2 comments:
only slightly off topic - I enjoyed this Pi Press article for the banter between the players:
It's about Nathan, my long time baseball boyfriend. About a month ago I said I might defect to Camp Baker, but then Nathan declared he had a sore shoulder and I felt guilty for thinking of abandoning him. So I'm going on the record as Standing By My Man, as my great name-sake has always advised!
--tammy
I love the idea of a whole avian-themed team. Goose Gossage could be a coach. I'd even let Paul Byrd be involved, even though I hate him....just cuz his name fits so well.
tammy, way to stick by your guy. Although if Scotty looks sad at all tommorow, I will blame you a little. He probably got his hopes up.Alone Yet Not Alone
Synopsis
Prospects for a prosperous life in the new world are destroyed for a pioneer family when Natives attack their small farm, and take their young children captive. Alone in a strange culture, the girls cling to their faith that with God they are not alone.
Full Review Coming Soon
Look for our review of Alone Yet Not Alone on or near Jun 13, 2014.
Content Details
Read the information we have gathered from various film classification boards to discover the content found in Alone Yet Not Alone.
Latest News
Read the buzz, get fun party and activity ideas, and hear what we, and others, are saying about Alone Yet Not Alone. The more you know about a movie, the better equipped you are to make a good decision.
Talk2YrKids
Looking for discussion ideas to talk to your kids about Alone Yet Not Alone? We got 'em!
Home Video
Looking for something else? We've got some other home video titles related to Alone Yet Not Alone.Patrick George Diters
Patrick George
Diters, 60
AUGUSTA (TOGUS) -- Patrick George Diters, 60, of Mechanic Falls, died on May 3, 2013, at the VA Medical Center Hospice after a courageous and painful battle with cancer.
He was born in Hartford, Conn., on Oct. 5, 1952, to George and Gladys (Humphrey) Diters. He grew up in Canton, Conn., and attended Canton schools, graduating in 1970. He then enlisted in the
U.S. Coast Guard
for four years. Patrick married the love of his life, Mary E. Holt, on April 21, 1984. They were best buddies for over 29 years.
Patrick loved his bees, and his dogs, Rocky, Tess and Wendall and his cat, Sweetpea. He was an outdoor kind of guy and a true nature lover. Most days you could find him out in the yard, mowing, gardening, and tending his bees.
He worked for Scott Dugas Excavating Inc. on and off for many years.
He was predeceased by his father; and brother Grady. Survivors include his wife Mary and his mother Gladys of Mechanic Falls; stepson Henry L. Foss and his wife Lynn; grandchildren, Henry, Jessica and Nathan of Shelton, Conn.; cousins, Mark Diters and family of Canton, Conn., Meg Englestrom and family of Alaska, Charles Diters and family of Alaska, Margaret and James Hall and family of Granby, the Jean and Robert Humphrey and family of Canton, Conn., Edith Hungerford and family of Austin, Texas; his Maine family, Anthony and Deb Holt of Portland, Stephen and Patricia Holt Billey of Auburn, Christopher Holt and Denise DeRice of Portland, John A. Holt of Denver, Colo.; and many devoted nieces and nephews. He also leaves behind special friends, Carl and Kim Zils of Trescott, Tim Griffin of Phippsburg, and (Sarah) Jean Ferguson of Whitefield.
A period of visitation for Patrick will be held this Saturday, May 11, from 5 to 6 p.m., followed by a memorial service at 6 p.m., at the Jones, Rich & Hutchins Funeral Home, 199 Woodford St., Portland. Care for Patrick has been entrusted to the Jones, Rich & Hutchins Funeral Home of Portland.
A special thank you to all the wonderful Nurses and CNAS in 3 South 200, and the Hospice Unit of the V.A. Medical Center; whose loving diligence kept him comfortable and happy.
In lieu of flowers Patrick's family suggests donations be made to:
The Salvation Army of Maine
67 Park St.
Lewiston, Maine 04240
Patrick George
Dit May 8, 2013.
7 Ratings
We really liked this dish. Simple and delish! I didn't change a thing!
Used my own homemade taco seasoning, substituted 1 cup water for beef stock, added salsa, and put it under the broiler to melt cheddar. It was great! I love that it stretches the ground beef. Now my family of 5 has leftovers!
Great recipe. I wanted something good AND easy and this was the perfect recipe..
Simple, no-fuss corned beef and cabbage simmers slowly all day.
This cheesy, family favorite is the perfect weeknight casserole.Massachusetts State Police said a Honda Odyssey with two people inside rolled over and left Interstate 495 Saturday in Taunton, killing one person and injuring another.
The two occupants were ejected from the minivan. Police said the driver of the Honda, George A. Strachan Jr., 64, of Abington, was pronounced dead at the scene.
His passenger, Mark A. Rodrigues, 45, of Rockland, was transported by ambulance to Rhode Island Hospital for a serious leg injury.
Officials are investigating the exact cause of the crash which took place next Exit 9 at 8:15 p.m.:
Argentina:
Paola Dalman is busy planning a Behance Portfolio Review Event to be held at Universidad de Palmero – RSVP for the Oct 30 event here! Also in October is one of Argentina’s biggest events for Graphic & Visual Designers, the Trimarchi Conference – check out this 3 day conference.
Brazil:
Ambassador Felipe Tofani’s picks for upcoming events:
- Insert Brasil: Rio’s 2-day design event with workshops & exhibitions on art, tech, fashion & cinema.
- São Paulo Design Weekend: August 23-26 – Take part in the festivities
- BOOMSPDesign – Check out this international forum for architecture, design, and art this August 22-24
And while you’re here:
- Read Felipe’s thoughts on Art Directors in the Internet Age: Eles Não precisam de um Diretor de Arte
- Visit the new Behance Brasil Facebook Page
Malaysia
Muid Latif has built an active group of creatives in Malaysia who meet regularly, work together on creative projects, including participation in Kuala Lumpur Design Week, and much more. Now, they’ve been selected to work with “Pop My Case” and create custom iPhone cases featuring their design work! Muid’s selected 20 artists whose designs will appear on the cases – a great career opportunity made possible by his hard work.
Follow Local Collections: These regularly updated collections are curated and compiled by the Behance Ambassadors.The ...[read more]
12/07/2013: Supreme Court justice denied application staying airline merger. 11/12/2013: American Airlines, US Airways settled DOJ antitrust suit. 08/13/2013: US antitrust officials challenged airline merger. 06/17/2013: Supreme Court ruled pay-to-delay settlements not immune from antitrust ...]
The US Supreme Court ruled Tuesday in FTC v. Phoebe Putney Health Systems, Inc. that federal antitrust laws regulating competition among health service providers apply to an anticompetitive transaction in Georgia because the state law regulating the activity did not clearly articulate authority ...]
Google Inc. on Thursday agreed to pay a record fine of $22.5 million to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) after being charged with misrepresenting Apple Inc.'s Safari internet browser. Specifically, the FTC claimed that the company allowed the browser to track users' search histories and target ...[read more]
A judge for the US District Court for the District of Columbia dismissed a suit on Friday from the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC), a consumer privacy group, asking the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to block Google's proposed privacy policy changes. EPIC brought suit against the FTC... ...[read more]In 2010, it’s officially beyond a doubt that “cougar” is a part of our cultural lexicon. That’s especially true now that the 40-years-and-older women who date younger men have their own beauty pageant.
Los Angeles resident CC Perkinson was crowned Miss Cougar 2010 Del Mar last week in the second annual contest. The LA Weekly reports she received over 1,600 votes via Twitter and texting, beating out 24 other women for the, um, prestigious title.
My first reaction, as a feminist, is to roll my eyes. The concept of women lining up to be be judged in a “beauty” competition is offensive enough, as is the widespread exclusion of trans women from pageants and, for that matter, men. Then there’s the term cougar itself, which implies that an older woman who pursues hot young men is just like a predatory animal that can maul and eat you. Ouch.
And yet, some women are now happily embracing the cougar title and crown. Are we seeing cougar shift from negative connotations to positive ones? The Del Mar pageant rules benignly define cougar as “a mature woman who pursues younger men, typically more than eight years her junior.”
Miss Cougar 2010, CC Perkinson, actually seems pretty badass. Perkinson was a Del Mar jockey from 1998 to 2005, so gets big kudos right there for being a woman working in a physically demanding, male-dominated industry. (Perhaps that was a point in her favor: Oddly enough, the Del Mar Cougar pageant is actually named after a horse: hall-of-fame racehorse Cougar II.) After winning the pageant, she told NBC Los Angeles:
You can learn from the older, you can learn from the younger and you can have such a great time, and that’s what this is about.
In a culture that remains uncomfortable with unmarried women, it’s nice to hear a positive take on aging-while-female. Perkinson added:
You’ve got to get it in your mind you’ve got a lot to offer. It empowers women to keep a healthy mind, keep a healthy body, reinvent yourself and realize there’s men out there that are attracted to you.
So what do you think: Is cougar inherently offensive? Or can it be reclaimed?
[polldaddy poll=3562749]
Photo: Mrs. Robinson, the original cougar. Recreating an iconic moment from “The Graduate.” Photo from Flickr user mind on fire under Creative Commons 2.0
Dating younger men, OK. The term, not so OK.
I am THREE (count 'em, 3) years older than my husband and I have had the term "cougar" applied to me. It's ridiculous.
What's the term for men who date younger women? It's "men". We don't need to apply a special term to women who date younger men.
I didn't mind the term when it first came out. I actually saw it as a term of empowerment and ownership of one's sexuality. Then it became popular and (like everything else) the more people used it, the more annoying it became and lost any meaning of power. That said, I do think it is more akin to the term "meterosexual". It is more annoying and overused than anything although of course it has sexist/homophobic undertones.
I have heard that Larry King, Michael Douglas and other older men don't get the same label which, to an extent, could be true. That said, I have always had a term for men such as this – Dirty Old Man. It isn't exactly a term of endearment.
Kay —
It's true, we do have the terms "dirty old man" and "lech" to refer to older men who date younger women — but those are usually applied in cases where the guy is MUCH older — like old enough to be her parent. Larry King, for example, is 26 years older than his current wife. But when was the last time you heard those kinds of terms applied to the likes of Brad Pitt, who is 11 years older than Angelina Jolie? If she were the older of the two, the media would have undoubtedly pointed it out ad nauseum, whereas in his case it's just accepted as the normal order of things.
Cougar comes from the effect of a radical face lift. The skin is pulled back from the jaw and cheeks , making the cheekbones very prominent. Eyelids are elongated and slightly tilted. The look isn’t quite human, more feline. Check out what a cougar’s face looks like.
I agree that the term "cougar" is given to women unfairly and I applaud women who are trying to redefine it. Unfortunately, I think it will be a long time before the word will be a positive term.
There’s nothing wrong with an older woman dating, having a relationship with, or marrying a younger man. Men have been doing it for centuries. It’s time for us woman to do what makes us happy and not be concerned about what others may think.
I think the word is loosing its teeth and its no depiction of the true person who is attracted to the younger man….attraction is a matter of preferance.Sent on the 27th of May, 2011
Frequently Asked Questions:
This is a list of typical questions we have received on our contact page.
Q. What is this web page?
A. This is the food page of Rouge Lounge on 10111 117 rosebowlpizzalounge.foodpages.ca been around?
A. For quite some time. It got its first review on January 4, 2007 and was last updated on April 5, 2015.
Q. Does Rou Rouge Lounge representatives who have the option of claiming this page and keeping their information up to date.
Q. How do you rank Restaurants?
A. We rank Restaurants by first grouping them together by proximity, then analyzing their ratings, reviews and comments. Recent reviews carry more ranking weight. Rouge Lounge is currently ranked number 7 of 9 5, 2015.
Did we answer your questions?
If you have another question send it here.
If yours is a frequent question, we may add it to this list.Mega Drive Review - Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is a four page preview of Sonic the Hedgehog 2 in the November 1992 issue of Mean Machines Sega. The game received a 89 for "Presentation", 97 for "Graphics", 89 for "Sound", 94 for "Playability", 97 for "Lastability", and 96 for the Overall score.This week’s recipe was chosen by Caitlin of Engineer Baker. When I found out what we were making this week, I was definitely a little nervous. This isn’t the sort of dessert I’d typically be drawn to. I tend to stick with things that are slightly more traditional. However, that’s part of the reason I joined this group – to step outside of my comfort zone. Despite paging through Dorie’s book more times than I can count, I’ve never even noticed this recipe. So, thanks for choosing it Caitlin and opening me up to new things!
I decided to substitute craisins for the figs in the recipe, as I don’t much care for figs (unless we count Fig Newtons). I also used cornmeal and not polenta (I don’t know exactly how they differ to be honest). When I finished making the batter, I had enough to make both a 10″ tart and a 4″ cake in a mini-springform pan. Everything seemed to be going well until my cakes came out of the oven. The small cake was fine, but the larger one never quite seemed right. For lack of a better word, it was greasy. I didn’t even use the extra butter on top that is included in Dorie’s recipe. It almost seemed like I undercooked the cake, but if that’s the case I’m not sure how – I baked it for 45 minutes, saw it pulling away from the sides of the pan and had my knife come out clean when I tested it!
Since the small cake turned out better, I tried a piece of that one. I didn’t hate it, but I just don’t think it was my thing. (That’s a rousing endorsement, isn’t it?) That said, I’ve browsed a number of the other results over at TWD, and a majority of the girls seemed to like this cake. Be sure to check out their cakes!
Next week’s recipe is a Peanut Butter Torte and I can’t wait!
Fluted Polenta and Ricotta Cake
from Baking: From My Home to Yours, by Dorie Greenspan.
I like fig newtons too but not dried figs. Go figure! Your cake-tart looks great!
Clara @ I♥food4thought
Way to go for hanging with the polenta and figs! But we are sooooooo ready for the PB Torte over here!
Your cake looks beautiful and delicious, too bad it wasn’t your thing. Such is the life of a TWD Baker!
Your cake looks great, even if it wasn’t to your taste. Well done!
Didn’t hate it? How very diplomatic of you! I’m going to remember to use that. Actually, I ended up feeling the same way.WCSU Alumni Association to hold golf tournament Sept. 30
Annual fundraising event to be in memory of alumnus Neil Wagner
DANBURY, CONN. — The Western Connecticut State University Alumni Association will hold its 28th Annual Golf Tournament to support scholarships for WCSU students on Monday, Sept. 30, 2013, at Richter Park Golf Course, 100 Aunt Hack Road passed away in May 2013.
“The Alumni Association Golf Tournament brings together WCSU alumni, students, faculty, staff and friends for a great day of golf while also supporting an amazing cause — student scholarships,” WCSU Director of Alumni Relations Tammy Hammershoy said. “The success of this event rests largely on community support and sponsorship. We welcome anyone who wants to play in or sponsor the tournament to join us.”
Proceeds from the tournament will benefit the WCSU Alumni Association Scholarship Fund, which annually awards scholarships recognizing Western undergraduate students who have demonstrated exemplary academic achievement and participation in university and community activities. The fund also provides for the association’s annual award to a graduate student based on academic performance and financial need, and the annual May Sherwood Memorial Scholarship given to a senior in high academic standing with a major in education.
The 2013 Alumni Association Golf Committee has been led by Al Mead as chairman and George Mulvaney as honorary chairman. Other members of the committee include Eileen Coladarci, Tom Crucitti, Joe Giaquinto, Jan Maria Jagush, Gary Lucente, Heather Stone and Hammershoy.
For reservations and additional information, contact the Office of Alumni Relations at (203) 837-8290.Baby Boy Pictures
Baby Boy Pictures
- 138 Pins
-
Newborn Posing | Newborn Photography Tips | How to Pose Newborns | Baby Posing | Newborn Mentoring
Photos Ideas, Newborns Baby, Baby Poses, Newborns Wraps, Newborn Photography Tips, Posing Newborns, Newborns Photography, Poses Newborns, Newborns Poses
Newborn Posing & More, LLC — Newborn Wrapping Techniques
Newborn Posing | Newborn Photography Tips | How to Pose Newborns | Baby Posing | Newborn Mentoring by bertie
cute for a fall birthday :}
Candy Inspired Baby Names!
Baby Names, Baby Feeding, Candies Aisle, Grand Baby, Baby Boys, Baby Girls, Inspiration Baby, Candies Baby, Candies Inspiration
Dog Baby, Cute Animal, Funny Pics, Funny Pictures, Potty Training, Too Funny, Funny Stuff, Baby Dogs, Dogs Funny
That would be awesome. Let's do it together! #dog #baby #humor @BadgerMaps
Too funny.
Potty training think-tank.
Aww! Cute animals / babies / haha funny pics / pictures
Funny Stuff, peeing in the yard.
12 Sweet Puppy and Baby Duos (Photos)
Cute baby!
Cute Baby, Pregnancy Photos, Baby Pics, Baby Boys, Pics Ideas, Photos Shoots, Boys Pictures, Caden Photos
Newborn: IMG_2437 8x10
Cute babty picture!
Fer Cuuut, Babyy Cason, Babti Pictures, Cute Baby Pictures, Crianças Extraordinária, Baby Boys, Boys Pictures, Baby Photos, Photography Ideas
Cute baby picture!
Newborn: IMG_5168a
Too funny!
Laugh, The Face, Baby Face, Baby Memes, Funny Stuff, Kids, So Funny, Funny Baby, Baby Humor
humor on Tumblr
baby
Photography Baby, Newborns Photography, Photography Ideas
child
Pictures Ideas, Ducky Quack, Baby Pics, Rubber Ducky, Funny Pictures, Baby Pictures, Kids, Baby Photos, Rubber Ducks
love the trail of rubber ducks
Baby photo shoot. Rubber ducky you're the one!
Cute picture idea!
Seriously? It is like the kid is crapping ducks.
Adorable baby pic
.
Vintage Baby, Baby Baby, Baby Portraits, Baby Ideas, Baby Boys, Baby Pictures, Baby Butt, Baby Photos, Photography Ideas
Vintage Baby - Baby Portrait
Baby Butt! Love!
Baby photography inspiration
Newborns Photos, Simple Newborn, Newborn Photo, Newborn Pose, Baby Photography, Newborns Photography, Baby Photos, Newborns Poses, Photography Inspiration
Baby photo inspiration
Newborn Photography Ideas, Newborn Poses, Family Poses, Newborn posing, Newborn tips, Newborn props
Baby photography inspiration, Go To to get more Gossip News!
Simple newborn photo.
Rebekah Westover Photography: It really is a miracle....
Face,hands,feet
Photos Ideas, Newborns Pictures, Newborns Baby, Newborns Photos, Newborns Pics, Baby Pictures, Baby Photography, Newborns Photography, Baby Photos
Newborn pics
Newborn baby photo ideas
Beautiful baby! #newborn #baby #photography
Newborn Photography, Baby Pictures, Newborn Pictures, Newborn Photos, Newborn Pose, Photography Tips, Photography Tutorials
love how simple yet real it is
Precious Children, Infants Photography, Photographers Kids, Future Baby, Photographers Children, Digital Photography, Baby Photography, Newborns Photography In Cribs, Children Photography
photographing kids and babies | digital photography school.
infant photography
jamie's future baby.
Baby Photography
tips for photographing children.
jinky art. beautiful.
Baby Kids Ideas, Sweets Baby, Photos Thy, Baby Pics, Baby Girls, Baby Photography, Bottle Jinkyart Com, Baby Photos, Baby Bottles
bottle @Hale Ozturk Erdem Öktenay Anthony i always love seeing pics of that sweet baby girl of yours..just natural candid photos..this reminds me of her.:)
sweet baby pic
great baby photos
News | Jinky Art Photography
Newborn :-)
- Seniors, Newborns, and Family Photography - Minnesota
newborn with parents
Photos Ideas, Newborns Pictures, Newborns Photos, Newborn Family, Newborn Photos, Newborns Pics, Families Photos, Families Pics, Baby Photos
cute newborn photo idea
New baby photo idea
Newborn family pic
Newborn pictures
Newborn pic ideas.
newborn family photo idea
10 Newborn Photo Props For Your Babies First Photo Shoot
baby shot
Newborns Shoots, Photos Ideas, Newborns Photos, Baby Photos Shoots, Newborns Pics, Photos Props, Photos Shoots Props, Newborns Photography, Photography Ideas
Baby photo shoot and props
photo props 05-10 photo prop ideas for newborn pics
newborn photography ideas!
block/scrabble letter name - newborn shoot
newborn photo idea
10 photo shoot props
10 Newborn Photo Props
13 Incredible Newborn Photos
13 Newborn Photos to Replicate
Book Worms, Photos Ideas, Newborns Pictures, Newborns Photos, Newborn Photo, Newborns Pics, Baby Book, Newborns Poses, Children Book
Photo to do with Garett's passed-down baby books" <3 <3 <3 13 must have newborn photo ideas
Newborn pics with baby books(:
13 Newborn Photos to Replicate... #Photography #Tips #Newborn #Poses #Photos #Replicate
13 Incredible Newborn Photos to Replicate also at baby shower i would like childrens books instead of cards
Baby on a stack of our favourite children's books - I want this shot for a newborn picture one day!
Bedtime Story :)
Photos Ideas, Newborns Pictures, Newborns Photos, Infants Photos, Newborns Pics, Baby Pictures, Baby Book, Winnie The Pooh, Baby Photos
Baby Pictures Love Winnie the Pooh
Newborn photo idea. Baby sleeping on a page of their favorite book. Winnie The Pooh
Infant photo idea - children's book (just not Winnie the Pooh)
cute baby photo idea. <3 winnie the pooh
baby photo, baby book photo
newborn pic idea
creative ideas for newborn pictures - Winnie the Pooh for Kaliya
Baby in Frame
Pictures Ideas, Photos Ideas, Baby Pics, Cute Ideas, 6 Month, Pics Ideas, Baby Pictures, Pictures Frames, Baby Photos
Baby photo idea. Cute idea #baby boy #lovely kid #cute kid|
Baby picture idea maybe for 6 months
Baby photo idea. Cute picture idea!
baby pic idea
Photos by Natalie
I love these baby and daddy pictures!
photo op idea. a yawn, I Love this.
Newborns Photos, Photographers Baby, Photography Tips, Baby Pictures, Baby Photography, Newborns Photography, Baby Photos, Better Baby, Baby Yawning
Creative Tips and Ideas for Taking Better Baby Photos ll cute baby pictures
Tips for taking better baby photos- but mostly great examples of simple and stunning newborn photography.
baby photography tips
I LOVE Baby Yawns! Creative Tips and Ideas for Taking Better Baby Photos.
Photographing babies - tips/ideas
great tips for newborn photos
Creative Tips and Ideas for Taking Better Baby Photos #photography #tips
Creative Tips and Ideas for Taking Better Baby Photos
cute, with tutorial
Babies Photography, Pictures Ideas, Photos Ideas, Photography Image, Baby Pictures, Baby Photography Tutorials, Baby Photos, Mirrors Setup, Photography Ideas
Photography Idea
Cute picture idea
mirror baby photography setup
Another cute baby photo idea!
cute, with #Photography Images|
mirror setup
More cute baby pictures
focus on baby feet
Photos Ideas, Newborns Pictures, Newborns Photos, Baby Feet, Baby Portraits, Newborns Pics, Baby Photography, Newborns Photography, Baby Photos
Baby photography. baby feet !
Newborn Photography | Newborn Baby Portraits | Surrey Wedding Photographer
Baby Photo Idea
Newborn Picture Ideas
Idea for Newborn Pics
Newborn photo idea
Newborn Baby Portraits Everlasting Moments Photography
cute baby boy picture provide building pictures and mapped locations for all New York apartment rentals displayed on our site. NYCdwellers.com is always here to assist you throughout that time-consuming phase of finding New York City apartment rentals. With both a quick and advanced search, looking for NYC rental apartments and sale couldn't be more seamless. Six full time employed listing agents guarantee your uninterrupted access to all Manhattan rentals Unique listing database that is exclusive to us, makes NYCdwellers.com the best place to find and rent apartments in New York City. With such a diverse pool of apartments in NYC for rent and dozens of search criteria, NYC Dwellers is the peerless apartment source of the Big Apple. The finest selection of apartments for rent in New York on this website is guaranteed by cutting edge technology and considerable man power. Hundreds of satisfied customers were able to rent in Manhattan through our service.Like politicians, doctors are inclined to believe that doing something (especially when it is them doing it) is better than doing nothing. They mistake benevolent intentions for good results, believing that the first guarantee the second. How can philanthropy go wrong?
Besides, doing something stimulates the economy in a way that doing nothing cannot possibly match. If people did only what was necessary, or what was good for them, or what was right, the whole of our economy would soon collapse.
Be that as it may, and for whatever reason, clinical trials that have positive results are more likely to be published than those with negative results. Thanks to several well-publicized scandals, this publication bias, as it is called, is on the decline. GlaxoSmithKline, one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world, has promised that henceforth it will publish the results even of trials that are unfavorable to their products as well as those that are favorable.
A paper by Danish researchers just published in the British Medical Journal assesses the extent to which published reports of trials of screening procedures, such as mammography, colonoscopy, PSA-levels, etc., report their harmful effects and consequences as well as their positive ones.
This is particularly important ethically because screening reverses the usual relationship between patient and health-care system. In screening it is the health-care system that initiates the contact, not the other way round. Screening is offered to healthy people, or at least to those complaining of nothing; moreover, the chances of benefit from screening are often slight and those who do benefit from them do so in a sense at the expense of those who are harmed by them. The moral imperative to know the harms of screening is therefore great.FORD F-150 TOOL PROBLEM
1998 Ford F-150 • 125,000 miles
Doing tune up myself. What tools do I need to replace plugs.
Guest
January 31, 2013.
January 31, 2013.
Spark plug wrench rachet extensions. Che air cleaner maybe plug wire tool spark plug gapper and tool to replace fuel filter"The Nexus 7 2013 is a great little device for the money, in fact it’s one of the best 7 inch tablets around, but the lack of storage limits it and the build could be better."
Back in 2012 Google gave the tablet world its biggest shakeup since the launch of the iPad, by releasing a cheap, powerful 7 inch slate that put Android on the map as a true iOS alternative for tablets. That device was the Google Nexus 7 and it’s now been followed up by a 2013 edition.
The success of the first model has raised the stakes for this one, so the question is; can it live up to the hype? Read on to find out.
The Google Nexus 7 2013 is arguably a backwards step from a design point of view. While the original version had a gorgeous, soft and textured plastic back, which stood out from the crowd and was comfortable to hold, the Nexus 7 2013 instead has a matte black plastic back, which looks bland and dare we say it ugly. It certainly doesn’t look as premium as 2012’s model, that much is clear.
But things have improved on the front as the bezels are smaller this time around, giving you almost nothing but screen and where the old model had a metallic finish along the edge (which was actually plastic), the 2013 model just curves off straight into the black back, with nothing to break the lines.
The smaller bezels ensure that at 200 x 114mm the 2013 model is slightly thinner than the original Nexus 7, while at just 8.7mm thick it’s substantially slimmer. It’s quite a lot lighter too, at just 290g, making it the perfect device to carry with you all day.
The Google Nexus 7 2013 has a screen of exactly 7 inches, with a resolution of 1200 x 1920. That amounts to 323 pixels per inch, which is a substantially higher pixel density than the 216ppi of the original Nexus 7 and only 1ppi less than the Apple iPad mini with Retina display.
In other words it’s gloriously high resolution and if there’s any fault with it it’s that colours are often a bit too bold and vibrant, rather than being reproduced naturally. Its 7 inch size makes it one of the smaller displays around, so it’s not quite as comfortable for movie watching or even web browsing as a 10 inch slate would be, but what’s sacrificed in immersion is made up for in portability and price.
With a 1.5 GHz quad-core processor and 2GB of RAM the Nexus 7 2013 is a powerful device, though not quite up there with, say, the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 and slightly less powerful on paper than even the 7 inch Kindle Fire HDX, which carries a similar price tag. Regardless, it’s plenty powerful enough to handle pretty much any task with ease and the fact that it’s not bogged down with bloatware undoubtedly helps.
It’s also a substantial upgrade from the original Nexus 7, which had just a 1.2 GHz quad-core processor and only 1GB of RAM.
The Google Nexus 7 2013 runs stock Android 4.4.2, aka Android KitKat, which is the latest version of Google’s mobile OS and being a Nexus device it’s likely to be first in line for Android updates for at least the next year or two, which ensures it will stay up to date.
The interface itself is identical to on the original Nexus, because they both run Android 4.4.2. It’s also similar to most other Android devices, the difference being that it doesn’t have any of the customisations and apps that manufacturers like to add. It’s pure Android and pure Google. That means it comes with the basics, such as a web browser, a calendar, an email app and more, along with clever Google features like Google Now, but it’s not bogged down with confusing extras that you might not even want. This ensures it’s intuitive and easy to use, while if there is any extra app or feature you want you’re likely to be able to find it in Google Play anyway.
There are two storage options for the Nexus 7 2013. It’s available in either 16GB for £199 or 32GB for £239, assuming you go for a Wi-Fi model. 4G LTE is only available in 32GB and brings the price up to £299. In any case, 32GB is a decent amount of storage, but with many competitors offering 64GB models and Apple even having a 128GB iPad it doesn’t seem so great, particularly as there’s no microSD card slot.
The Nexus 7 2013 supports Wi-Fi, 3G, 4G LTE, NFC and Bluetooth 4.0, so it’s quite well equipped in that sense and it has a 5 megapixel camera which can shoot 1080p video at 30fps. It also has a 1.2 megapixel front facing camera. Neither camera is great and the pictures they take usually lack detail, but they hold their own against other tablet cameras.
The Nexus 7 2013 only has a 3950 mAh battery, which is pretty small for a tablet, even a 7 inch one, but somehow it actually keeps the slate going all day. Perhaps it’s the fact that it’s running stock Android without any bloat, but the Nexus 7 2013 can last for a good 9 or 10 hours of media use and a lot longer if used sparingly.
The Google Nexus 7 2013 is a fantastic tablet. It’s not quite the most powerful on the market or the best built, but nor is it any slouch in either department. It’s great value for money and has made very few compromises to get there. Sure we’d love a bit more storage and a more premium build quality, but with a great screen, a quad-core processor, a long battery life and loads of connectivity options you’d be hard pushed to get a better tablet for under £200.< Back
All content and images are copyright © 2015 3G.co.uk all rights reservedPhoto Gallery
H&M sets debut date in Waikiki
Courtesy H&M
1 of 2
A rendering of the store, top, shows that the plaza’s iconic koi mosaic is no longer visible; officials with H&M and the plaza could not answer questions about the mosaic’s fate.
Latest Galleries
Photos: Baseball: UH vs. Cal State Fullerton, May 17
Photos: Osprey hard-landing at Bellows Air Force Station, May 17
Photos: State Track and Field Championships, May 16
More Photo Galleries »Groups like the American Insurance Association, the Financial Services Roundtable, and the American Council of Life Insurers support the White Houses efforts to create a national insurance infrastructure but are also pushing for the creation of an optional federal charter that would allow insurance companies to choose whether to follow state or federal rules.
Obamas white paper called for the creation of the Office of National Insurance, which would be charged with advising the Treasury Department on issues of international trade and industry solvency.
The White House didnt go as far in restructuring the system as many industry experts expected in light of the implosion of insurance behemoth American International Group Inc. The current system has $6.3 trillion in assets under state-regulated management and is supervised at the state level by insurance commissioners.
The Financial Services Roundtable, in particular, has been out front lobbying for a federal charter to be included in the financial regulatory overhaul.
The proposal is a good first start, said FSRs Scott Talbott. Were going to continue to push to give the insurance industry a federal charter.
If you look at the principles Treasury espouses, those can only be accomplished through a federal charter, he added.
Proponents of the state regulatory system disagree, arguing that the White House did not mandate a federal charter because it isnt needed.
You dont want to try to fix what aint broken, said Robert Gordon of the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America. Were very pleased that the administration recognized that the current [financial crisis] did not stem from widespread problems in the insurance industry.
Still, thats not slowing down the Roundtable.
The trade association is expected to send a letter to Congress this week asking lawmakers to give insurers the ability to be regulated at the federal level.
Additionally, Agents for Change, a group of more than 7,000 insurance agents, is hosting its annual legislative conference Wednesday. The group will have several dozen of its members meeting with more than 60 Members of Congress lobbying to share their stories as to why the state-based regulatory system is failing them, but more importantly why it is failing their clients, according to Agents for Change Executive Director Peter Ludgin.
The AIA is also pushing for a federal charter, but additionally it is focusing on making sure Obamas plan is successfully implemented.
I think going forward we are going to work with the administration in getting an effective Office of National Insurance up and running, AIA head Leigh Ann Pusey said.
So far, AIA hasnt undertaken a major ad campaign on the issue but could in the future, according to AIA spokesman Blain Rethmeier.
Advocates of the federal charter have been cheered by the growing support for a bill by Reps. Melissa Bean (D-Ill.) and Ed Royce (R-Calif.) that would set up an optional federal charter, according to insurance lobbyists.
Reps. Jim Cooper (D-Tenn.) and Debbie Halvorson (D-Ill.) signed on to co-sponsor the bill last week.Diversity and Difference: Cosmopolitanism and the Lord of the Rings
Young, Helen, Journal of the Fantastic in the Arts
I mean, admittedly, it's not a haven for the brothers. You know, strictly the Caucasian persuasion in the 'Dale.
--Mr. Trick, "Faith, Hope & Trick" (1)
MR. TRICK'S ASIDE MIGHT BE A COMMENT NOT JUST ON BUFFY THE VAMPIRE Slayer's Sunnydale but on fantasy worlds in general; they are widely thought of as almost exclusively of the "Caucasian persuasion," lacking racial diversity in characters, themes, and structures and being exclusively concerned with white, Western culture. Indeed some works, such as J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings, and film adaptations of it directed by Peter Jackson, have been accused of outright racism (Chism, "Race"). Charges of racism, and defenses against them, form a significant part of the scholarly literature and public discussions of representations of race in fantasy worlds (e.g., Rearick; Kirkland). A common perception is that most fantasy, like its sister genre science fiction, rarely addresses issues of racism and that minority readers are often not interested in it because it generally pays lip-service at best to such questions (Westfahl 72). Popular fantasy, however, often generates its narrative trajectory from encounters between different cultures and species. Further, its worlds are commonly populated by different, often mutually suspicious or inimical species such as elves, dwarves, humans, and goblins. Such generic features strongly suggest that an investigation of representations of racial and cultural difference might be illuminating.
Issues surrounding racial and cultural difference are highly significant for contemporary society with its increasingly mobile global population, and one broad theoretical concept which is garnering increasing attention in international social, educational, and cultural studies is "cosmopolitanism." Cosmopolitanism is broadly a set of sociological theories which are concerned with overcoming national prejudices, recognizing the mutual interdependence of global humanity, and advocating world citizenship, justice, and democracy (Fine). While the concept has only relatively recently been articulated as a whole, many of its elements have been espoused in fantasy literature for many years, an argument this article will make with reference to Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. While many fantasy works rely on European cultural references and are lacking in multicultural human societies, such features are not synonymous with racism, and do not necessarily indicate a lack of concern with diversity.
A small amount of recent work reveals ways sf and fantasy can reflect changing ideologies of race and ethnicity (Chappell; Thrall; Young). A significant body of scholarly literature examines representations of race in sf, while relatively little addresses fantasy narratives, as Elisabeth Anne Leonard noted over a decade ago. Tolkien's work, though, has been a locus for discussions, and indeed debates, about race and racism in the fantasy genre since it was first published (Rearick). By exploring connections between Tolkien's work and contemporary concepts of cosmopolitanism, this article seeks to add a new dimension to this ongoing discussion. Although a degree of defense is perhaps inherent in its argument, it is not primarily concerned with taking a side but rather with demonstrating how fantasy concepts of difference and diversity resonate with those of the real world. This article argues that The Lord of the Rings is ultimately a cosmopolitan work because it provides a model of society in which common ground and a united purpose not only allow diversity, but require it.
Jane Chance argues that "Tolkien demonstrates that he dislikes most of all [...] segregation of the Other, and isolation of those who are different, whether by race, nationality, culture, class, age, or gender" (172). There are, moreover, as Sandra Straubhaar has argued, elements of multiculturalism and hybridity in The Lord of the Rings, along with racialized taxonomies of human worth--the "High" Gondorians and the "Middle" Rohirrim, for example (102-04). …AIX-EN-PROVENCE, FRANCE: INSIDE Secure, a leader in semiconductor solutions for secure transactions and digital identity, announced that its SecuRead VP OS from Giesecke & Devrient with the award-winning INSIDE MicroRead NFC controller, and is complemented with the Open NFC protocol stack. This complete, single-package NFC solution makes it easier.
"We are delighted that we could contribute to this significant milestone with G&D's proven and recognized JavaCard OS solution Convego VP,, VP and GM, platform security(tm), the open security standard for transit fare collection. We are delighted at the success of the collaboration with INSIDE Secure and Giesecke & Devrient."
Wednesday, March 21, 2012
INSIDE Secure NFC solution awarded EMV certification for payment and high security
Note: Only a member of this blog may post a comment.The front buttons are made in natural fabrics such as linen tank piece. It is adorn the neckline and hem putti, slightly sweet and natural design. And gathers detailed comments in switch position, 波打ちます casual skirt. Ringtone in one piece size is easy to pass, showing at a glance and hem just layering in.. Enjoy the many faces in items match very well against the small simple designs so!
* Here is the Rakuten international shipping
Start Date: 21/05/2015 00:00 JST
End Date: 31/05/2015 23:59 JST
This product cannot be shipped to
United States from the store.
Please contact the store for further information.Challenging Early Slate Awaits Black Bears…
Maine has released its 2012 college baseball schedule. The Black Bears open their season Feb. 24-26 with a three game series at perennial power- Clemson. Most of the rest of college baseball opens the season a week earlier (Feb. 17-19).
A trip to Tallahassee, Fla. comes next, beginning with two games at Florida A&M Feb. 28 & 29. That two game set is followed by a trip across town for a three game series with another college baseball power-Florida State. Those games take place March 2-4.
The Black Bears will play four games March 7-11 at the Winter Haven Baseball Tournament in Winter Haven, Fla. The opponents for those four games are still TBD.
Maine travels back north to South Orange, NJ for the Seton Hall Strike Out Cancer Tournament. Three games take place March 16-18. Those three opponents are TBD as well.
The Black Bears play their home opener on April 3 again Husson. A total of just 14 home games are planned for the season.
America East Conference play begins on April 6 with a four game series at UMBC. Other conference road series are at Binghamton, Albany and Hartford. Conference home series are against Hartford, Albany and Stony Brook.Review:6467 Power Pitstop
this wiki
Reviews
MsD
Country: United States of Americ: Moderate
Click to enlarge
The set I am reviewing is 6467 Power Pitstop. It was a limited release City Center set released in 1999.
First, let's take a look at the Minifigures; one Octan Worker and a Racer. The Octan Worker has a very cute and simple face, and the Racer does too. The workers' clothing is nice and simple as well, but the thing I like the most about the Minifigures in this set is the Racer's suit; it's not too simple (like the older Racer sets), and not too complicated (like today's Racer sets); it's just perfect. Overall, the Minifigures' designs are an A+.
Next, let's look at the Racecar that the Racer Minifigure can drive around. The look of the car overall is just like the Minifigures' clothing; not too simple, not too complicated, just right. But, one thing I don't like about it was how the Racer's arms couldn't fit, so they have to be sticking straight up out of the car. Overall, I'd give the car a B.
Now, it's time for the main part of the set; the Power Pitstop! The look is, well, okay, but the printed piece, a timer that times the pit stop, is absolutely gorgeous. It reads "3.09" in alarm clock font, with the Octan logo at the bottom. There's also a printed stop sign, which I liked, but it got lost a while back so I can't really review that part. Now, for the tools; the tools on the toolrack are pretty good, they're holdable for the workers, and are great for young kids to play with; but the one tool that was absolutely amazing was the car jack. Those are used to lift the car up so that the workers can change the tires. It actually works! And it works really well, too! I would think that it'd work, well, okay, but it actually worked really well. There's spare tires on a tire rack as well, so it's good for young kids to play with as well.
Overall, I really like this set. It's simple, functional, fun, and the Minifigures are great too. I wish LEGO still made simple Octan Racers sets like this today!The American Cancer Society’s biggest annual fundraiser is now just weeks away. Steve Turner of ACS says the Relay for Life takes place next month:
comment here
Again, this Year’s Christian County Relay for life takes place at Taylorville High School June 28th starting at 6pm. It’s an all-night event, so it doesn’t wind up until the following morning.:
Public Infrastructure Asset Management (Authors: Uddin, Hudson, Haas) ISBN 0071820116, McGraw-Hill, New York, 2013
.”..
About The Authors..More GO Trains Coming To Barrie
McGuinty Government Improving Public Transit
This fall, new train trips are being added on the Barrie GO Transit line to make the morning and afternoon rush hour easier for GO commuters.
Starting in September 2011, there will be one additional train trip departing from Barrie on weekday mornings and one additional train trip returning from Union Station in the evening.
The additional trains will benefit about 650 commuters by giving them more options to get to and from work, and making it easier for them to take public transit. Schedule information is posted on GO Transit's website.
Investing in Ontario's roads, highways, transit, hospitals and schools is part of the government's plan to create jobs, grow local economies and ensure the province remains strong and competitive for years to come.
Quick Facts
- The Ontario government has invested more than $100 million in new construction along the Barrie line to improve and expand service for GO commuters.
- Every weekday about 12,000 people take the GO train between Barrie and Union Station.
- A new GO Transit station, jointly funded by the Province of Ontario and the Government of Canada, will be built in Barrie at the Allandale Waterfront with bus bays, a kiss and ride and about 120 new parking spaces.
- GO Transit moves 57 million riders a year.
- PRESTO continues to roll out across the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area. It can already be used on Oakville, Burlington, Brampton, Mississauga and Hamilton Transit, at GO stations along the Lakeshore (east and west), Milton, Georgetown, Barrie, Richmond Hill and Stouffville lines (except Brampton), at Union GO station and 12 TTC subway stations.
Additional Resources
Quotes
“This additional train service on the Barrie GO line will make it easier for commuters to take GO Transit and will help reduce congestion on our highways.”
“Barrie residents will be very pleased with additional GO Train service. Better public transit means a better quality of life for Ontario families.”
Aileen Carroll
Media Contacts
Bob Nichols
Communications Branch
Bob.Nichols@ontario.ca
Patrick Searle
Minister's Office
patrick.searle@ontario.ca
Ajay Woozageer
Communications BranchI am happy to inform you that on 16th November, 2013 this year, the Holy Trinity through His mercy and love, provided us with the five ordained Deacons through laying on of my hands in a colorful Sunday Divine Liturgy.
The Deacons are: Jared Otieno Ochieng from Christ the King parish Orongo near Kisumu, Martin Wasakato from St. Cecilia Nakhwana near Bungoma, George Vincent Ochieng’, Charles Ojwang’ and Raphael Omondi Otana, all the three are from the Holy family parish Sigomre. The sixth Deacon was a friendly Deacon who is aspiring to join us.
All the five Deacons are effective in their apostolate and I am proud of them.
Bishop AlbertDavid Lynch to Appear in His Daughter Jennifer's Feature 'A Fall From Grace'.
STORY: David Lynch: 'Feature Films Have Become Cheap' (Q&A)
Paz Vega and Willow Shields also have joined the cast of the project, which includes Vincent D'Onofrio. The production is expected to begin filming in the summer.
Jennifer Lynch co-wrote the script with Eric Wilkinson, who will produce the indie project along with David Michaels, his partner in Apothecary Films. Jory Weitz, who is also a partner in Apothecary, will executive produce.
"I didn’t write the role with him in mind," she says, "but I was thinking of him because he calls up so many powerful and yet fragile elements in my life and because this character is strong but broken down by dementia. So for me, it’s perfect."
Facing the prospect of being directed by his daughter for the first time, David Lynch promised, "I will be putty in Jen’sAlcohol Consumption
Movies Impact Drinking Behavior
It has been well documented that movies have a direct impact on drinking behavior.
Study: Heavy Drinking Harmful To Men’s Brains But Not So Much Those Of Women
In one of the largest studies conducted on the long-term effects of alcohol consumption, it was concluded that heavy drinking may lead to a significant cognitive decline in middle-aged men but women’s brains seemed to be protected against the negative effects, for reasons that are not completely clear.
Alcohol Abuse Holds Steady
According to a 50-year study, researchers from the Framingham Heart Study have found that people with alcohol abuse problems seem to be holding steady.!— Measurement Tag For Dictionary.com – > <!— Audience Tag for IAC Network – >
They warn authorities to gird themselves for the possibility that many more men could surface.
"A government shutdown, the possibility is not only real but could be just days away," said Fox's Sean Hannity.
In Evoke, we use that narrative to inspire a sense of possibility.Shopping Notes:
You may add as many items to your shopping cart as you want for combined shipping. Once you add an item to your cart, it will appear at the bottom of the page you are looking at. When you switch between pages, the items should remain in your cart.
Payment is through Paypal (credit cards accepted).
Shipping Charges:
At the point of check out, please select the appropriate shipping charges that apply to your order total. Failure to do so may delay your order! Thank you!!
Shipping rate within the United States are as follows:
$5 {orders $0 - $39}
FREE shipping on orders over $40
At this time I only ship to the US.
All orders will ship within 24 hours unless otherwise noted in item description. Any orders placed on a Saturday or Sunday will be shipped on Monday.
If you have questions about your order, please email me at augustm@cox.net.
Thank you!!Life + Times
Who’s The Best Fighter on the Planet?: Anderson Silva or Floyd Mayweather Jr.
07.10.2012
SPORTS
Who is the best fighter on the planet?
It’s truly an apples and oranges question when you try and compare a boxer to a mixed martial artist, but people will do it anyway. The 2012 ESPY Awards asks that question with their “Best Fighter” category that finds nominees Floyd Mayweather, Jon Jones, Anderson Silva and Andre Ward squaring off against one another. But let’s take it a step further. Let’s not ask who the best fighter of the past year is. How about who is the best fighter of the past decade?
The two current kings of the mountain are UFC middleweight champion Anderson Silva (32-4, 19 knockouts, 6 decisions) and boxing’s current pound-for-pound king Floyd Mayweather (43-0, 26 KOs). These two are not only at the top of their game right now, but they are arguably two of the greatest fighters of all time.
But who is the best?
Floyd Mayweather’s illustrious boxing career started in 1996 with a victory over Roberto Apodaca and he never, ever looked back. He captured his first title in 1998 when he became the lineal & WBC super featherweight champion against the late Genaro Hernandez. He would go on to claim titles at lightweight, light welterweight, welterweight and light middleweight while putting a beating on the likes of future hall-of-famers Oscar De La Hoya, Juan Manuel Marquez, Arturo Gatti and Shane Mosley. His recent war with Miguel Cotto saw Mayweather depart from his defensive style and trade punches with the Puerto Rican in one of the few toe-to-toe all-action bouts you will ever see from the man known as “Money.” And with Manny Pacquiao’s difficulty with Juan Manuel Marquez and controversial loss to Timothy Bradley, Mayweather has planted his flag on the mountaintop as king.
Anderson Silva’s mixed martial arts career began shortly after Floyd Mayweather’s in 1997. But unlike Mayweather, Silva took his lumps early on. Silva lost his third fight, 13th fight and 17th fight before becoming the dominant force he is today. The latter loss was to Ryo Chonan’s astounding flying scissor heel hook that sounds as insane as it is rare to see executed. But after those losses, Silva has gone on a remarkable run (with the exception of a disqualification loss to Yushin Okami in 2006) that has seen him annihilate a vast majority of his opponents. The longest reigning champion in UFC history holds the record for most consecutive title defenses with ten. He has also taken home four “Knockout of the Night” bonuses and two “Submission of the Night” bonuses. Simply put, he’s a bad man.
You can argue that Mayweather has never lost a fight and that should automatically vault him over Silva. However, mixed martial arts is a far different beast in both the way fights are put together and how professional records are viewed. The probability that a fighter ends his professional career undefeated is slim to none. With the much smaller gloves and the numerous ways to be defeated, expecting a fighter to string together 10 or more victories in a row is beyond comprehension. Not to mention that in boxing promoters carefully select the opponents for their fighters as they groom them for the big stage. This is why you’ll see a number of boxers with bloated and unblemished records but their portfolio lacks a single recognizable name. In MMA there is no grooming session. Fighters are immediately thrown to the sharks and it’s either sink or swim. The concept of a “tune up fight” is non-existent and the level of competition is hiked up with every fight so the possibility of taking a loss is greater than that of a boxer who faces lesser opposition until he’s “ready” for a title fight. Suffice to say that it is more difficult to go undefeated in MMA than it is to boxing.
But with that being said, how can you discredit Mayweather and penalize him in this “Best Fighter” showdown for not losing a fight? Easy, because people do not like him. But let’s eliminate the polarizing public persona known as “Money” for a moment and focus on the fighter. What Floyd Mayweather has done, and continues to do, is nothing short of remarkable in the sport of boxing. For sixteen years, Floyd Mayweather has dominated the game. Every opponent put in front of him - aside from Jose Luis Castillo, who he fought with an injured shoulder — has been vanquished with relative ease. The manner in which he fights is considered art. His remarkable hand speed, impeccable defense and ability to take away his opponent’s weapons have made him a master of his craft. Good luck naming an opponent who badly damaged Mayweather. The hardest punch he took, courtesy of Shane Mosley, was handled with great poise. Outside of that, Mayweather has played chess while his opponents continue to play checkers.
The lone knock on Mayweather is that he has long been criticized for not facing the best fighters in his division while in their respective primes and not having an archrival for a career defining fight. Fighters like Antonio Margarito and Miguel Cotto were both turned down by Mayweather when they were at the top of their games. The closest thing Mayweather had to a classic back and forth bout was his recent battle with Miguel Cotto. But this was a Cotto that had been stopped by Manny Pacquiao and Antonio Margarito so the mystique was gone. He has also yet to face his archrival, the aforementioned Manny Pacquiao. The Filipino is arguably 1B to Mayweather’s 1A on boxing’s pound-for-pound lists and in any other athletic competition these two would have already collided.
As for Anderson Silva, he doesn’t have the option to pick and choose his opponents. UFC President Dana White and his matchmaker Joe Silva set up all of Silva’s fights. Whoever is the number one contender gets a shot at Silva. It’s really that simple. And all Anderson Silva has done is decimate those put in front of him. Since entering the UFC in 2006, Silva has steamrolled the competition in middleweight while also stepping up to light heavyweight and taking out heavier opponents. It’s not the fact that he’s winning, it’s how he’s winning. Go back and watch tape of “The Spider” vanquishing middleweight champion Rich Franklin. Check out how he handed former PRIDE FC champion Dan Henderson. Witness the Muhammad Ali-like destruction of Forrest Griffin. The front kick that he fed Vitor Belfort was nothing short of marvelous and his tantalizing execution of Chael Sonnen in their highly anticipated rematch at UFC 148 was simply breathtaking.
Who do you give the edge to? The man who is undefeated but has yet to face the number one challenger to his throne or the fighter who has blemishes on his record but has destroyed each and every number one contender put in front of him?
Anderson Silva or Floyd Mayweather. Take your pick.
- Ivan Illyushchenko
- Mr.Rude
- Ron Kaufman
- Robert Jenkins
- Anonymous
- Mike Chambers
- Mike Chambers
- ryan yates
- Aye Bee CeeThe Roots and Branches of Arts and Culture[1]Nestle (NSRGY[2]) is looking to sell[3] its Jenny Craig brand.
Three sources close to the matter claim that Nestle is working with Goldman Sachs (GS[4]) to sell the diet brand. The company is currently in talks with several small groups about selling the Jenny Craig Brand. Both Nestle and Goldman Sachs refused to comment about the sale. The decision to sell off Jenny Craig is due to Nestle trying to trim off low-preforming brands. Some analyst suggest that the company could sell off its ice cream, frozen foods and water businesses as well. Nestle bought the Jenny Craig brand in 2006. The company purchased it from ACI Capital and MidOcean Partners for $600 million. The purchase allowed the food giant to move into the nutrition market and compete with Weight Watchers International (WTW[5]), reports Reuters.
Nestle is also reportedly looking to sell off [6]its PowerBar brand. The brand is expected to sell for several hundred million dollars. The company may also look at selling its Lean Cuisine frozen meals.“Day by day, event by event, Michigan's critical primary on Tuesday is crystallizing the dramatic differences between Romney and Santorum” the AP’s Hunt writes. .”
“Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum furiously dueled Sunday ahead of a watershed contest in Romney’s home state that will reshape the contours of the Republican Party’s quest to unseat President Obama,” the New York Daily News writes. (By the way, check out the photo in the story of Romney at Daytona with a car behind him that says “Rick Santorum” on it.)
And despite religious voters’ crucial role in Republican primaries, .”
“Before previous contests he’s lost, Romney’s handlers have tried to lower expectations. But he sounded more confident Sunday of turning back Santorum’s challenge in Michigan, where Romney grew up, son of a GOP political icon,” the Daily News continues.
“Gentlemen, start your engines. GOP rivals Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum are neck-and-neck coming into tomorrow’s primary in Michigan, yet spent yesterday courting conservative voters at the washed-out Daytona 500 in Florida,” the New York Post writes.
No apologies… (Where’s Jon Huntsman when you need him…) “After two US military advisers were killed inside Afghanistan’s Interior Ministry, and others have been wounded in demonstrations over the apparently unintentional burning of Korans by Americans, the top contenders in the Republican presidential race continue to say President Obama was wrong to apologize for the burning,” the Boston Globe writes.
Mitt Romney on Fox News Sunday: “I think for a lot of people, this sticks in their throat. The idea that we’re there, having lost thousands of individuals to casualty and death -- we’ve made an enormous contribution there to help the people there achieve freedom. For us to be apologizing at a time like this is something that is very difficult for the American people to countenance.”
On Meet the Press, Santorum said Karzai should apologize for Afghani overreaction.
Roll Call’s Drucker: “As the volatile Republican primary drags on, party operatives are growing concerned that their presidential nominee could be woefully unprepared to wage a national campaign against President Barack Obama.”
To that point, The Hill’s Joseph writes, “Republicans are weighing a change to the party’s presidential primary rules amid fears this year’s prolonged nomination process is hurting the GOP’s chances of retaking the White House.”
ROMNEY: The Boston Globe: “[A] loss for Romney in his native state would be a crippling blow, with only a week to recover before Super Tuesday’s 11-state blitz on March 6.”
The Hill’s headline: “Michigan tipping point: Primary becomes referendum on Romney.” From the story: “The most important contest of the Republican nomination battle is just 24 hours away, with the fight for Michigan seen as pivotal in determining the party’s nominee.”
Romney again said people could vote for someone else… “Two days after Romney told Michigan voters that he drives a Mustang and a Chevy pick-up truck and his wife drives ‘a couple of Cadillacs,’ Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace asked Romney if he understands why voters see him as out of touch,” the Boston Globe writes. “Romney responded that he and Ann have cars in California and in Boston – both places where the Romneys have homes. ‘If people think there’s something wrong with being successful in America, then they’d better vote for the other guy,’ Romney said. ‘Because I’ve been extraordinarily successful, and I want to use that success and that know-how to help the American people.’”
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer endorsed Romney on Meet the Press.
SANTORUM: “Former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum, who has made his conservative stance on religious and social issues one of the centerpieces of his Republican presidential campaign, today questioned the idea of a complete separation of church and state,” the Boston Globe says. “Santorum stood by comments he made last year when he said after reading President John F. Kennedy’s famous 1960 speech about the separation of church and state, ‘I almost threw up.’”
The New York Daily News: “Rick Santorum: JFK's promise to keep Pope out of politics 'makes me want to throw up.’” Here’s what he said: “I don’t believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute. To say that people of faith have no role in the public square? You bet that makes me want to throw up.”
Here’s this damning headline on a Thomas DeFrank column: “Rick Santorum is not suitable to take on Obama.” From the column: “There’s much to admire about Santorum, starting with faith and family. He’s been indefatigable on the campaign trail, persevering as critics mocked his prospects and flourishing on a shoestring budget as bigger names blew themselves out of contention. He’s smart, resourceful and committed, with a compelling personal story as well.” But: “Santorum exhibited the oratorical indiscipline well known to reporters who cover his campaign events. His rambling is reminiscent of Hubert Humphrey and Jack Kemp, among others, who couldn’t stop gabbing, to their detriment as candidates. … Unless an incumbent is so detested anyone else is preferable, voters need to be sure the alternative is capable of being President. Santorum seems more suited as an undersecretary of commerce, not leader of the free world.”
Santorum defended calling President Obama a “snob” for wanting everyone to go to college, but also seemed to backtrack a bit on “Meet the Press”: ."
Santorum had said: "President Obama once said he wants everybody in America to go to college. What a snob. … I understand why [Obama] wants you to go to college. He wants to remake you in his image."
But he still leads in Ohio. Political Wire: “A new Quinnipiac poll in Ohio shows Rick Santorum leading the GOP presidential field with 36% of likely Republican primary voters, followed by Mitt Romney at 29%, Newt Gingrich at 17% and Ron Paul at 11%.”N.
Wait a flipping minute. It wasn't too long ago the Bible was used in this country to condone slavery, racism and segregation.
It's astounding what crap these so-called Bible thumpers dish out and, in the same breathe, ignore.
Posted by: Michael | Jul 31, 2013 4:42:50 PM
I might pay money to watch these guys try to chase someone guarded by US MARINES. Good sport.
Posted by: Chris | Jul 31, 2013 4:45:24 PM
I'll repeat this again: if the US is providing any money or military support or assistance to Nigeria it needs to be stopped today. Scream at your Congresspeople to cease and desist aiding Nigeria in any way.
Posted by: Mike Ryan | Jul 31, 2013 4:49:37 PM
Primitive people behave in primitive ways.
What a surprise!
Posted by: dan cobb | Jul 31, 2013 4:55:19 PM
That would be an act of war. Do it terrorists, drones are fueled and ready.
Posted by: RMc | Jul 31, 2013 4:59:35 PM
Freakin' idiots.
Posted by: Ben Nevis | Jul 31, 2013 4:59:59 PM
Just more dumb sheeple dressed in colorful robes pretending they are not primitive animals when they really are.
Does Nigeria offer anything of value to the world or do they just produce children they can't cloth or feed and turn them over to GAWD? STFU already.
Posted by: SFshawn | Jul 31, 2013 5:08:25 PM
Well, this is really a kick to dog scenario.
Muslims are buring churches and schools with people inside them, and these guys are going after us.
Posted by: woody | Jul 31, 2013 5:18:28 PM
Nigeria is a country full of corrupt primates!
Posted by: BRAINS | Jul 31, 2013 5:39:40 PM
Sorry, third-world homophobes; you don't get to pick whom we send as an ambassador. You didn't want a woman either but you sure STFU when the Secretary of State was a woman. Get over yourselves and just be glad the US thinks enough of your pile of 3rd-world dirt to even send an ambassador.
Posted by: Alex Parrish | Jul 31, 2013 5:56:29 PM
The looks extremely civilized
Posted by: jaragon | Jul 31, 2013 6:06:10 PM
This is why you don't get in bed with ANY Abrahamic religion! THEY'RE SCUM.
Posted by: Marc C | Jul 31, 2013 6:41:45 PM
Well I hope we do not have the Olympics there or drink Nigerian Vodka. America is so friggin hypocritical. we allow SC, NC and the entire South to continue to deny rights to minorities and we do nothing. Yet we critize other nations before we deal with OUR nations issues.
Posted by: Kevin thor | Jul 31, 2013 7:51:00 PM
Here's an idea: don't bother sending an ambassador to this or any other of those neanderthal countries. What a waste of money.
Speaking of money, they don't support Western "values", but they'll sure as hell take our aid money!
Posted by: sean | Jul 31, 2013 8:20:46 PM
Yet another walking argument for the use of the white man's religion to put colored people in their place. And the backlash thereof.
Posted by: Manny Espinola | Jul 31, 2013 8:48:28 PM
NIgeria has oil, and every since they learned English they figured out how much it is worth. We need to run them back into the bushes.
Posted by: Hagatha | Jul 31, 2013 11:17:19 PM
Look at the bright side of life - gays, if we believe these nuts, have managed to unite Christians and Muslims for the first time in recorded history!
For pulling that off, the whole LGBT community deserves a Nobel peace prize!
Posted by: Bill | Aug 1, 2013 1:07:09 AM
If that's Pope Francis in that picture in his white cassock, those Italian boys sure do tan well.
Posted by: andrew | Aug 1, 2013 1:35:22 AM
"but in our country, given our customs and traditions, as well as religious beliefs, marriage as ordained by God is between a man and a woman,”
How far back does that ancient tradition go? Back to about when the first Christian missionaries got there? I'm sure that the whole conceptual context of spiritual beliefs and cultural practices was quite different before that. I'm sure nothing would be framed as "ordained by God" when there were probably lots of gods, and not thought of in the Abrahamic religion sort of way either.
Posted by: emjayay | Aug 1, 2013 2:43:11 AM
But where, oh where, is the love of Jesus? It is NOT in their hearts, thus, they are not true Christians. Do not be fooled. These are evil men, with no love of Jesus Christ in their hearts. Pope Francis said it best..."Who am I to judge?" Maybe they should listen to the Pope instead of their voodoo dolls.
Posted by: millerbeach | Aug 1, 2013 2:56:37 AM
Another example of the typical Muslim and Christain hate.
That's all their religion is about; the hate they have in their hearts. Without the hatred these religions, and their followers, would have nothing to talk about.
Posted by: 1♥ | Aug 1, 2013 6:49:04 AM
Withdraw all financial worldwide aid.
That'll soon shut 'em up.
Posted by: robert | Aug 1, 2013 7:26:34 AM
So they are using their religion to violate the human rights of our people, so does that mean the global GLBTA community can rightfully decide to also use religion to retaliate since they are forcing their religion upon our people in violation of freedom of religion?
Posted by: Daniel | Aug 1, 2013 8:23:35 AM
@DAN COBB: Yes, primitive evangelicals the world over behave in primitive ways. Check out the evangelical neanderthals who muck things up here in the U.S.
Posted by: jamal49 | Aug 1, 2013 9:43:24 AM
EMJAYAY & JAMAL49,
thanks for giving a civilized sentiment to this savage discussion.
It never fails. Russians are backwards; Africans are primitive. And many of you are pompous pansies.
Posted by: Derrick from Philly | Aug 1, 2013 9:54:33 AMThis article was first published in the May 2012 International edition of Accounting and Business magazine. in the transactions, products and pricing models of the organisation to appreciate the scale and detail of what needs to be unravelled?
The growing complexity of business and the need for integration are placing greater demands on information technology. IT has revolutionised the workplace –.
Ng Boon Yew FCCA is chairman of ACCA’s Accountancy Futures Academy and executive chairman of Raffles Campus. Rohit Talwar is a global futurist and founder and CEO of Fast Future ResearchPlayer of the year: At the end of last season, Mendham’s Casey Marx was not totally satisfied with her season. Mendham won the Morris County Tournament team title but she lost in the semifinals. Marx dedicated herself to improving her overall game and making a name for herself.
"I have been working on a lot since last year, mainly on my forehand and positioning," said Marx, a sophomore. "I knew I needed to improve if I was going to win the counties this season."
Marx played a tough schedule against some of the state’s best. In addition to her loss to Shklover, her other setbacks were against Livingston’s Lauren Fishbein and Millburn's Maddie Sterns (a three-set thriller in the North Jersey, Section 2, Group 3 finals).
When most players of her caliber seem to be leaving the high school ranks for more tournament play, Marx likes the challenge of this level of tennis.
“Sometimes the competition in high school tennis isn’t that great,” Marx said. “The tournaments are fun but there is more of a rivalry playing other area players. I like playing in Morris County.”
Head coach Ed Chando sees big things for his talented player.
“Casey is a very skilled player,” Chando said. “She plays in tournaments regularly so her endurance is never an issue. The maturity she has exhibited and strength she has is not something you usually see in a sophomore.”
Team of the year: For the Mendham girls tennis team, the script has been the same the last few seasons. Despite losing experienced players to graduation, the team keeps on winning with young players stepping up.
This year was no exception as three players from the junior varsity squad moved up and helped Mendham, No. 10 in The Star-Ledger Top 20, finish 10-2 and advance to the North Jersey, Section 2, Group 3 finals. The team captured the Morris County Tournament for the second consecutive year and claimed individual titles in four of the five flights.
Third-singles player Tara Buchey posted an 18-1 record, the only loss to Millburn’s Jane Bary in the sectional finals. She dominated in the MCT, surrendering only three games in winning the championship. Katie Gutknecht, who was an alternate on varsity a year ago, posted a 16-3 record at second singles and advanced to the semifinals of the MCT.
One of the returning players to have another superb season was the continued dominance of senior Hayley Keith at first doubles. Keith teamed with Veronika Fojtu to capture the Morris County Tournament title for the third straight year with her third partner.
"To win three years in a row, with three different partners is a great thing," Keith said. "To be a great team on the court, you need to be close off the court. My three partners are like sisters to me."
Despite the seemingly constant turnover at the school, one thing that has been constant for the team -- head coach Ed Chando. The man who coached the first matches for both Mendham’s tennis teams in 1975, the coach returned to the helm in 1991 and has posted a 308-98 record.
He understands how good his team and this run have truly been.
"We are very fortunate to have done this," Chando said. "Chemistry was huge from the beginning and all of the girls were extremely focused. This is one of the best team I have ever had in my 20-plus years at the school."
Coach of the year: Montville’s Ken Sachs has been a three-sport coach since 1982, coaching everything from football to track. But tennis may be Sachs' most successful. After coaching the junior varsity for 17 years, Sachs took over both tennis programs 2½ years ago with the goal of making the school competitive on the court. After this season, he looks to be on the right path.
Montville, No. 17 in The Star-Ledger Top 20, finished the season 16-2 and captured the North Jersey, Section 1, Group 3 title. It also earned second place at the Morris County Tennis Tournament, its best finish in 11 years. The depth of the team was on display at the MCT as Kirstin Godau took the title at second singles, Molly Smith reaching the finals at third singles and the other three flights all advanced to the semifinal round.
While the highly competitive world of tennis can breed jealousy on teams, Sachs has fostered a different environment for his squad.
"One of the unique dynamics of the school is its family atmosphere," Sachs said. "The girls are friends on and off the court. Their passion for the game makes it very enjoyable to coach them. I tell them to stick together no matter what and be a family."
That “family” approach will be evident next year when both Sanzone and Godau have younger sisters who will be freshmen and could compete for the varsity squad.
Drop shots: Pequannock’s Caroline Greydak finished the season 11-2 and advanced to the Morris County Tournament final. She won the tournament in 2010. ... Led by Niki Rohan and Emily Eckert, Mountain Lakes was 13-4 and placed third at the Morris County Tournament. ... Morristown-Beard’s Maria Sapozhnikova ended her sophomore campaign at 14-2, helping her team to a 12-1 record. ... Chatham finished the season 18-7 and was led by its doubles teams. The second-doubles tandem of Emily Srocyzynski and Jess Sullivan reached the MCT final while the first-doubles pair of Caroline McCann and Kendal Contri reached the semifinals. ... Villa Walsh overcame the early season-ending loss of first-singles player Jamie Campisi to injury, finishing 9-8 as the first-doubles tandem of Alexa Savastano and Samantha Rollins reached the MCT final.
FIRST TEAM
S-Caroline Greydak, Pequannock
S-Casey Marx, Mendham
S-Kaitlin Sanzone, Montville
D-Kendal Contri, Chatham
D-Caroline McCann, Chatham
D-Veronika Fotju, Mendham
D-Hayley Keith, Mendham
SECOND TEAM
S-Kirstin Godau, Montville
S-Nikki Rohan, Mountain Lakes
S-Maria Sapozhnikova, Morristown-Beard
D-Joanna Fass, Montville
D-Jillian Garfunkel, Montville
D-Samantha Rollins, Villa Walsh
D-Alexa Savastano, Villa Walsh
THIRD TEAM
S-Jamie Campisi, Villa Walsh
S-Jasmine Lin, West Morris
S-Nadia Olesnycky, St. Elizabeth’s
D-Kate Kim, Madison
D-Ivy Schuckman, Madison
D-Rianna Fisher, Randolph
D-Jessica Martinez, Randolph- Height:
- 6-6
- Weight:
- 267
- Bats:
- R
- Throws:
- R
- Born:
- May 8, 1981
- Birth Place:
- Santiago, Dominican Republic
- College:
- None
- Draft:
- Undrafted Signed by the Philadelphia Phillies
- W
- 4
- L
- 2
- ERA
- 3.04
- K
- 33
- BB
- 15
—
— Player Notes
Advice: The Big Pasta punched out four while issuing four walks on the evening. The difference in the game was Kolten Wong's solo home run in the sixth inning that broke a 1-1 tie. Simon has been a tremendous addition to the Tigers rotation this season, compiling a 3.04 ERA, 1.27 WHIP and 33/15 K/BB ratio over 50 1/3 innings. He'll look to get back in the win column on Friday against the Astros.7 hours ago Rotoworld
Advice: Simon was working on a shutout after seven innings but Torii Hunter brought in the Twins' first run in the eighth with a sacrifice fly that tied the game. He gave up only six hits in total with a walk and six punch-outs. The right-hander boasts a 3.05 ERA with a 1.20 WHIP and a 29/11 K/BB ratio in 44 1/3 innings. Simon will try to improve to 5-1 in his next start in Sunday's series finale in St. Louis against the Cardinals.Sun, May 17 Rotoworld"Gosh, guys, Mom and Pop told me I had to stay home."
"Oh come on, Bobby! They'll never know the difference!"
"Okay, I'll do it! Let's go!"
"Swell!"
"Let's get wild and throw our shoes over the wires!"
"Golly!"
"Jeepers!"
Mission accomplished, Bobby went to the sock hop at the soda fountain, met Barbara Ann, married her and had lots of children and lived happily ever after.
Now don't those shoes just warm your heart?
In a lot of inner city neighborhoods the shoes on the wire signify drug sellers nearby or gang activity in the area, too.
I tried to sent a pair of keds up once when I was a kid and missed ... my mom was not pleased!
Every time Zach sees shoes on wires around Bellingham he starts laughing "Thats Silly Daddy". I now like to point them out just to get a laugh out of him when we are driving through town.
Since being part of the CDP I have come across so many blogs with shoes on a wire, and it never fails to amuse me.
This craze has spread to every corner of the world.
Sydney - City and Suburbs
from what i hear...it is drug related...maybe not so sweet and nostalgic...but we can hope:) and z wants to throw a pair up there even if they don't have laces...try explaining that one 100X1000!A Full Plate Greets Agriculture Deputy Secretary In Western Mass
GREENFIELD, Mass. (WGGB) — Sometimes farmers have to go to Washington to make their case known, but in this instance, Washington is coming to the farm. Deputy Secretary of Agriculture Kathleen Merrigan is in the midst of a visit that’s taken her to Vermont and Massachusetts. It’s a sort of homecoming for Merrigan, who was born in Pittsfield and grew up in Greenfield. Among other concerns, she’s interested in how farms have been faring in the wake of Hurricane Irene.
“I saw a lot of community engagement. Farmers are rebuilding. They’re telling me their neighbors just came to the farm uninvited, moving boulders, doing whatever it took. The courage, the resilience of the farming community in this area is astounding,” says Merrigan, who’s concurrently checking how farmers have been taking advantage of the USDA’s disaster assistance programs.
But her thoughts are future-focused as well. With the average American farmer in his/her late 50s and thirty percent of farmers at 65 or older, Merrigan’s choice to meet with college students isn’t accidental.
“We’re in this huge transition time and we’re wondering who’s this generation of folks who are going to be on our working lands and produce our food.”
The answer to that question might be complex and gradual, but the lure of profitability always helps, and one small part of the potential solution could be happening around the corner. The Franklin County Community Development Corporation is participating in a pilot program aimed at effectively extending the growing season for area farmers, while expanding their market. If the idea is revolutionary, the means seems less so.
“This year we hope to freeze 100,000 pounds of local vegetables and distribute it up and down the Pioneer Valley,” says the Corporation’s president, Gary Gruber.
Simple enough. If you can preserve harvested vegetables and stretch their use throughout the school year, says Gruber, you make it worth farmers’ while to grow more crops. But another innovation is the availability of commercial-sized kitchens, for local entrepreneurs to develop and package recipes for sale. Just during our brief visit, all kinds of crops were being processed for everything from ice cream fudge sauce to beverages, to hot sauces.
Why hasn’t this happened all along?
“Capital expenditure,” says Gruber. “A farmer can’t afford to have a commercial kitchen, purchase the necessary equipment, and marketing – they’re farmers. So, we’re trying to be the middle person and get the produce out…”
One destination for those products is, of course, schools. One of the more obvious benefits is that locally grown produce can be sold fresher, but is that enough? The folks in Washington are confident that the program, which Gruber says is happening in just a handful of locales across the country right now, will yield a different and worthwhile bounty for farmers. As Gruber points out though, perhaps the real proof is the testimony of the most honest and austere customers.
“We did a pilot program for Holyoke last year, and we got letters from children, saying it was the best broccoli they ever ate. Maybe the only broccoli they ever ate, but they ate it!”
Joshua Moris of Capsule Computers writes:
"Loot is no longer specified towards individual players. The game has just begun! Get ready to play grab bag as the final millimeters of life run out on that latest boss battle. You can be sure that each couch potato will be mashing the “A” button like crazy when loot begins to fly." 10/10Written on: 08/08/2014
We approached worldwide flights at a very stressfull time when we need a flight as soon as possible. The service was great, very calm and patient staff who were happy to try many option for us. I was very impressed and would definately consider using them in the future.
As rated by our community of reviewers
" Egypt trip with Ask-Aladdin " 
" Good value for money " 
Written by harveyp2
" Mystery tour " 
" Worthless price guarantee " 
" Wrong Terminal Given " 
Hoover CH84000 Ground Command Commercial Wet/Dry Vacuum$1,029.00Hoover CH84000 Ground Command Commercial Wet/Dry Vacuum, 20 Gal. Dual 1.33HP motors, 1000 Watts Learn More
Dirt Devil M084100 Power Stick Upright Cleaner - Just Like New$27.99Brand: Dirt Devil | Model: M084100 | Design: Upright | Color: Red | Type: Stick
Kirby Vacuum Bag Latch OEM # 196499$10.02Kirby Vacuum Bag Latch OEM # 196499Welcome to Santa's
Live Reindeer
The Perfect Fund Raising Tool!
This is the Internet Home of
Dasher, Dancer, Prancer and Vixen,
Comet, Cupid, Donder and Blitzen!
Let us not forget Rudolph, too!
Why not invite some of Santa’s World famous live reindeer to your next Holiday Celebration! These magnificent animals are specially conditioned and completely friendly in their Candy Cane Corral! We will help you create a magical unforgettable moment like no other this Yuletide Season for all the good boys and girls that will attend your event. Let Santa's Christmas Farm (Santa's other place) take care of every-thing so you can enjoy your event!
Our special Reindeer Packages let you select just the right magic for your event or we can help build you a special Holiday package! Santa's live reindeer are perfect for Parties, Schools, Shopping Centers, Company Gatherings, Parades, Tree Lightings, Civic Events and Business Promotions. We are also available in the off-season for Christmas in July*, Trade Shows, Theme Parks, Movies, Printed Advertising and Commercial Filming.
Santa's trained staff will set up and clean up your reindeer event or promotion from start to finish..
Ask about our special Santa’s Reindeer feeding and photo opportunities! Please contact us with your special plans.
Santa's Live Reindeerprovided by:Santa's Christmas FarmofSanta & Co., L.L.C.5748 Neuman Road St. Clair, MI 48079-3217Phone: (810) 329-3230 Fax: (810) 329-7001Contact Us
Santa's Live Reindeer
provided by:
Santa's Christmas Farm
of
Santa & Co., L.L.C.This article originally appeared on GigaOM Pro, our premium research subscription service.
If we’ve learned anything over the past couple months about Tesla, it’s that the company is concerned about range anxiety, particularly as it heads into the next couple years in which it’ll try to make a splash in the mass market. It opened the summer by demoing battery swapping technology in the Model S and most recently has aggressively pursued those with access to retail and commercial parking space in a quest to put 98 percent of U.S. drivers within range of a supercharger by the end of 2015.
Tesla is willing to foot the entire $100,000 to $175,000 bill of installing superchargers in public venues. The prospective “supercharger hosts” don’t have to do much. Tesla covers the costs, including electricity, construction and ongoing maintenance. All the real estate provider has to do is agree to allocate half the spots to Tesla only supercharging and the other half to all EVs. Presumably the hosts, which might be upscale restaurants or fancy malls, get the benefit of having Tesla owners accessing their services while they wait for their Model S to charge.
Tesla’s strong moves in not waiting for a charging network to materialize but instead creating an expansive one itself, points to an unprecedented trends in the automotive space. Tesla is an automaker that isn’t just producing a car but is involved in supplying energy to make that car go, a much more fully integrated enterprise.
Now that’s all well and good for Tesla, but what about the entire EV landscape?.
Tesla isn’t the only one taking a proprietary approach. There’s been a long brewing conflict between the Japanese and American/European automakers about which plug to use for fast charging. It’s unresolved and we’re about to see a betamax vs. VHS showdown as the Japanese automakers have adopted CHAdeMO plugs while the likes of GM will use the SAE combo coupler. In a sign of how crazy this will get, the largest independent owner of charging stations Car Charging Group will install 48 CHAdeMO fast chargers in various cities by year end only to subsequently switch support to the SAE combo coupler.
I’ve never been a fan of proprietary plugs nor the land grab that is likely to occur among charging network startups. The consumer will lose here as will the overall EV industry as the world will get less convenient for road tripping EV drivers in need of a charge as drivers search for a station with their plug type. That will make it harder to sell EVs. Tesla’s recent moves to build out its own supercharging network is one more example of this trend.
Tesla’s behavior overall reminds me a lot of Apple in its attempt to create a closed ecosystem. While I suspect Tesla felt its designs and engineering were better than any fast charging standards out there, I also think the company liked being in control of its brand at every step of the way, including the charging one.
In the end what we need is a cost effective, easy to use charging system for all EV owners, particularly with fast charging because it can unlock the ability of EV owners to take roadtrips and hence address a major range anxiety concern. What we’re getting is a decade of standards fighting over the best fast charging plug and an inherently less convenient system for the consumer, which will damper the prospects of overall EV sales growth.There are currently no items in your cart.
Choral Stanzas for Hymns, Vol. 2
Look inside(2)
- Instrument:
-
- Ensemble:
-
Choral Stanzas for Hymns, Vol. 2 for choir. Sacred. Published by Augsburg Fortress (AU.9780806698434).
ISBN 9780806698434. Sacred.
In this second volume of the two-volume set of choral stanzas, you will find settings of 101 hymns. With the creation of Evangelical Lutheran Worship came the inspiration to commission and collect hymn stanzas for a wide range of the hymns and songs. Through composed to align with the texts and tunes, this is a collection that could be easily adapted to work with many denominational hymnals.
Volume 2 focuses on the general hymns, and includes select stanzas for Hymns #503-893 in Evangelical Lutheran Worship. This volume includes settings by Jeremy J. Bankson, Robert A. Benson, James Biery, Marilyn Biery, B. Wayne Bisbee, Donald Busarow, Michael D. Costello, Bradley Ellingboe, Rick Erickson, Robert Buckley Farlee, John Helgen, Zebulon M. Highben, Don Hinkle, James Hopkins, Hal H. Hopson, Phil Kadidlo, Thomas Keesecker, Michael E. Krentz, Evelyn Larter, Robert Leaf, Larry J. Long, James Melby, Aaron David Miller, Ronald A. Nelson, Anne Krentz Organ, Thomas Pavlechko, Walter L. Pelz, Carl F. Schalk, Mark Sedio, Mark Shepperd, Linda Cable Shute, Wayne L. Wold and Dale Wood.
This collection is fully reproducible for local church use.
Buy Together
$59.95
$16.99
Choral Stanzas for Hymns, Vol. 2
with
Folder - Legacy Choral
Buy both for $76.94
Customers Who Bought Choral Stanzas for Hymns, Vol. 2 Also Bought:
Variations On "Holy God, We Praise ...
$9.00
Douze Courtes Pieces, Twelve Short ...
$33.25
Taiwanese Suite (2003)
$13.50
Choral Stanzas for Hymns, Vol. 1
$59.95
O Love, How Deep: Three Hymn Settin...
$12.00
How Beautiful
$2.10 $1.93
Choral Stanzas for Hymns, Stanzas for Hymns,: Christian Sheet MusicCharity
Event details
06 February 2012
My challenge is the 10 day ascent of Mount Kilimanjaro following the Lemosho Glades route.
Please note Virgin Money Giving isn't responsible for the content fundraisers post on their pages, but if you see something you feel is offensive or inappropriate, please let us know and we'll look into it.
Alexander Sims's fundraising page
Hello,
Through Virgin Money Giving, you can sponsor me on my climb of Mount Kilimanjaro. I will climb up to the summit over 9 days reaching 19,300ft!
I have decided to raise money for the Henry Surtees Foundation as having been henry's team mate in Formula Renault, it is close to my heart. the foundation supports those who are affected by brain injury and helps turn their lives around.
I would like to make the point that 100% of donations will go to charity. I will fund the trip myself.
I really appreciate all your support, it will make the trek more meaningful and help me through when I inevitably struggle with altitude sickness and fatigue!
Many thanks
Alexander
Cornerstones of Financial AccountingAuthor:
Rich, Jay, Jones, Jeff, Mowen, Maryanne
ISBN-13:
9780538473453
ISBN:
0538473452
Edition: 2
Pub Date: 2011
Publisher: Cengage South-Western
Summary: Rich, Jay is the author of Cornerstones of Financial Accounting, published 2011 under ISBN 9780538473453 and 0538473452. Three hundred thirty four Cornerstones of Financial Accounting textbooks are available for sale on ValoreBooks.com, four used from the cheapest price of $6.50, or buy new starting at $230.92.
Marketplace Prices
120 New from $230.92 4 Used from $6.50 73 Alternate from $2.39 137 Rental from $17.65
- Rent $17.65
- Used $6.50
- New $230.92
- Alternate $2.39
Recommended
Used
Rentals
(137 from $17.65) Supplemental materials are not guaranteed for rentals
Alternate
(73 from $2.39) IMPORTANT - Be sure to review seller comments carefully?Revision history of "1923-01-30 Pinky Mitchell nd-w pts 10 Bud Logan, The Auditorium, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA - WISCONSIN"
Diff selection: Mark the radio boxes of the revisions to compare and hit enter or the button at the bottom.
Legend: (cur) = difference with latest revision, (prev) = difference with preceding revision, m = minor edit.I don’t do a whole lot of invitations, but I was honored to make theirs. I used textured cream cover stock backed by smooth metallic purple and finished with a satin ribbon twist.
Tags: cream ribbon, formal wedding invitation, metallic purple cover stock, ribbon wedding invitation, satin ribbon bow, satin ribbon twist, wedding invite
Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.This program emulates an AirPort Express for the purpose of streaming music from iTunes and compatible iPods. It implements a server for the Apple RAOP protocol. ShairPort does not support AirPlay v2 (video and photo streaming). It supports multiple simultaneous streams, if your audio output chain (as detected by libao) does so.
MIT
* Sun Dec 30 2012 Lorenzo Dalrio <lorenzo.dalrio@gmail.com> - 1.2.1-2.20121218git16395d8 - Modified specfile to meet review requirements * Tue Dec 18 2012 Lorenzo Dalrio <lorenzo.dalrio@gmail.com> - 1.2.1-1.20121218git16395d8 - Initial release
/usr/lib64/libshairport.so.2 /usr/lib64/libshairport.so.2.0.0 /usr/share/doc/libshairport-1.2.1 /usr/share/doc/libshairport-1.2.1/LICENSE /usr/share/doc/libshairport-1.2.1/README
Generated by rpm2html 1.8.1
Fabrice Bellet, Fri Apr 17 12:44:42 2015Volume
55, Number 7 September 24, 2007
Faculty-led workshops
Join English Lecturer Amy Love for a workshop on Turnitin, the
plagiarism detection tool. The workshop will focus on how to
use Turnitin as a teaching aid. No prior experience with online
learning is required. Upcoming dates for the workshop are Oct.
2, from 3 to 4 p.m. and Oct. 17, from 4 to 5 p.m. Both workshops
are held in BH 229.
On
Oct. 4, Professor of Social Work Rita Takahashi and Assistant
Professor
of Social Work Jocelyn Hermoso will hold "Got Diversity?
Pedagogy in a Global Context," from noon to 2 p.m. in
BUS 216. The workshop will present ways to make course content
and
teaching methods relevant and accessible for diverse audiences.
To
register, visit,
call ext. 8-6456 or e-mail ctfdreg@sfsu.edu.
For information on more workshops
from the Center for Teaching and Faculty Development,.
Crafts Fair seeks exhibitors
SF State will hold its second annual Crafts Fair on Dec. 4. Faculty
and staff interested in exhibiting or participating should
contact Patricia Earley at pearley@sfsu.edu or
visit
Order
books by Oct. 1
The Bookstore is now processing orders for winter session and spring
semester and will once again offer every department on campus
a $1,000 Bookstore gift card if at least 90 percent of spring
2008 textbook orders (as posted in the class schedule) are received
by Oct. 1, 2007. Orders can be placed online at,
sent via e-mail to textbook@sfsu.edu or faxed to ext. 5-0474.
Open Enrollment has begun
From now
Changes
to the SF State shuttle service
Starting Oct. 1, 2007 the SF State shuttle will stop only at Daly City
BART, University Park North and 19th Avenue. This will shorten the route
to a 10- to 15-minute loop and increase the frequency of service. For
more information, please visit the Parking and Transportation Web site
at
To
make reservations online, visit
The Vista
Room accepts OneCard, American Express, Discover and MasterCard.
The
symposium, Ph.D., emeritus professor of the Wright Institute.
SF State faculty include Assistant Professor of Liberal Studies Tanya
Augsburg performing "Learning: A Social Sculpture" at 4:10
p.m.; and Professor of Philosophy Anatole Anton, Associate Professor
and Chair of Sociology Edward McCaughan, and Professor of Theatre Arts
Joel Schechter, who will hold an open discussion at 4:30 p.m.
The symposium
will take place in HUM 587 from 1 to 6 p.m. and is free and open
to all faculty, staff and students. For more information, contact
Professor of Humanities Sandra Luft at srluft@sfsu.edu.
Or visit
News from the Academic Senate
The Academic Senate will meet on Tuesday, Sept. 25 in the Seven Hills
Conference Center from 2 to 4 p.m. The agenda will include:
For more
information, visit the Academic Sentate Web site at
Anthony James Bravar, emeritus professor and former dean of the College
of Creative Arts, passed away at home in Youngsville, N.C., on July
9. He was 76 years old.
Read
more about his life and work:
Newsmakers this week include Professor of Communications Studies Joseph
Tuman, who commented on Retired General Wesley Clark's endorsement
of Hilary Clinton for president; and SF State President Robert Corrigan,
who discussed SF Promise.
Read
Newsmakers:
Wednesday
China Rising and the World
The exploration of China's rising status in the global economy continues
this week with "The Rise of China: Implications for the U.S. and
the World." The lecture, which runs from 7:15 to 8:55 p.m. in
HSS 154, is part of the public lecture series "China Rising and
the World (BSS 275), led by Joel J. Kassiola, dean of the College of
Behavioral and Social Sciences.
The series
runs through Dec. 5. It http//bss.sfsu.edu or
call ext. 5-2402.
Thursday
Challenges and opportunities for faculty in China
Joel J. Kassiola, dean of the College of Behavioral and
Social Sciences and professor of political science, will present "A
Report on the China Trip 2007: Challenges and Opportunities for
our Faculty," from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in HHS 351. The talk is part of the BSS Faculty Research
Series "Revitalizing a Field and a Curriculum: New Directions in Research
and Teaching in Regional Studies." The series provides an interdisciplinary
context for faculty to learn about the research of their colleagues,
to engage in scholarly exchanges and to share ideas. Faculty, students
and
staff are invited. Light refreshments will be served. For more information,
contact kathyjoh@sfsu.edu
Sexuality lecture: Shame comes out of the closet
Internationally renowned sexuality researcher Janice M. Irvine will present
the inaugural John H. Gagnon Distinguished Lecture co-sponsored by
the Department of Human Sexuality Studies and the Institute of Sexuality,
Inequality and Health. Irvine is professor of sociology at the University
of Massachusetts. Her lecture "Shame comes out of the closet:
Sexual politics in a shifting emotional culture" will explore
how sexual shame has changed over the last four decades. The lecture
begins at 7 p.m. in Room 609 of the Downtown Campus at 835 Market St.
A reception immediately follows. Please RSVP to ext. 5-3570 or e-mail
hmsxdept@sfsu.edu
Women Studies
lecture series
Join Professor of Women Studies MA Jaimes Guerrero
for her lecture "Native American Origins, Genetics, and Indigenous
Women," from 11 a.m. to 12:15 p.m. in HUM 383. The lecture is
part of a 14-week series. For more information, contact Assistant Professor
Kasturi Ray at kasturiray@yahoo.com or
at ext. 8-3128.
Coming Up
Opera gala
The School of Music and Dance presents the second annual Opera Gala
at 7:30 p.m. Friday, Oct. 5. 24, 2007, by University
Communications.About Holiday by MooresCloud festive lights should work. And they are the world's smartest Christmas lights.
Shipping
The first units of Holiday were shipped and delivered to customers in Australia and New Zealand in December 2013.
The next batch of Holiday units will be available to customers in the US. We currently expect to ship this next production run to US customers in April-May 2014.
We are currently finalising the production schedule and the ship date will firm up over the next month. Based on our experience with the previous production run we think that an April ship date is likely. However, just in case of any unexpected production delay, we are providing an April-May shipping window at this stage.
Product Specifications
String
- 7 metre string of Holiday lights
- 50 LED globes on 120mm centres
- Each globe individually addressable for color and brightness
- Each globe capable of displaying over 16 million colors
Controller
- Easy to use 3 button controller on the Holiday light string
- Mode button - just press the button to easily change your Holiday light pattern
- Up/Down buttons for changing elements in a mode (brightness, pattern, speed, etc)
- WiFi connectivity to connect to your home network and Internet
- Logically connect multiple strings of Holiday lights together
Power Supply
- International universal PSU
- 110/120/220/240 50/60Hz VAC
- Outputs 5VDC at 3A, 15 watts maximum power consumption
Holiday by MooresCloud Software
Works on iOS, Android, Windows Phone and more
Works on any smartphone, tablet, laptop or desktop through the web browser
Comes with dozens of apps including:
- Colorwheel: spin the color wheel on your smart phone to easily change the color of your Holiday lights
- Photograbber: take a photo and use it to change the color of your Holiday
- Holiday Music Visualizer: use your iPhone music to create a Holiday light show
- Holiday Studio: Make your own patterns, share with family, friends, Facebook
! -- End gAjax RSS Feeds Displayer -->
The New School >
Eugene Lang College > Student Life > Student Activities
Supporting Lang
Contact Admission
Student Activities
At Lang, we encourage you to participate in undergraduate life through social, cultural, recreational, and leadership activities. Engagement outside the classroom adds an important dimension to your education, and involvement in student clubs and activities can provide you with a sense of community.
Student Development and Activities72 Fifth Avenue, 4th floor212.229.5687The Office of Student Development and Activities (OSDA) sponsors many organizations and leadership programs in addition to an extensive calendar of events, all of which promote community and collaboration among students. The university has many recognized student clubs, organized around professional, academic, and social interests, including political action and advocacy, creative and performing arts, faith and spirituality, and sports and recreation. A complete list is posted at Student Services.
Lang Student Union65 West 11th Street, room 052212.229.5100The Lang Student Union (LSU) gives Lang students a powerful voice on the university campus. Serving as a liaison between faculty, administrators, and students, the mission of LSU is community building, student empowerment, and information dissemination. During the school year, LSU holds weekly meetings to review, approve, and fund proposals generated by students and student clubs. The meetings operate by consensus, meaning every decision must be passed unanimously. Rather than maintaining hierarchy through an executive board, LSU relies on facilitators who rotate leadership of the regular discussions. The annual budget for LSU is drawn from the activities fee paid by students. Because these funds are intended to support undergraduate life at Lang, students are empowered to decide how to spend them. Student representatives to all the faculty committees are appointed through LSU, including the Diversity Committee, Academic Standards Committee, and Student Life and Outreach Committee. For more information, contact the facilitators or visit during their designated office hours.
TNSchangemakersTNSchangemakers is a collaboration among New School students, faculty, and administrators to create a program incubator for diverse activities that will accelerate, broaden, and deepen social entrepreneurship and social innovation education at the university. Visit the TNSchangemakers blog for more info.
The New School Free Press Student Newspaper65 West 11th Street, room 071212.229.5100The New School Free Press is published biweekly. Students can receive academic credit for working on the newspaper, depending on particular assignments and responsibilities. You can contribute as a reporter, managing editor, section editor, copy editor, production chief, designer, photographer, publicist, etc. If interested, contact the The New School Free Press or email nsfreepress@gmail.edu.
Lang in the City72 Fifth Avenue, 4th floor (OSDA)212.229.5687The Office of Student Development and Activities coordinates Lang in the City, a program that lets you experience the artistic and cultural traditions of New York City by offering discounted tickets to Broadway theater, the Metropolitan Opera, and other performance venues. Tickets usually range from $10 to $22 when purchased at OSDA. You will receive email announcements throughout the semester about ticket offers.
Special Opportunities at NYC Cultural InstitutionsEach semester, Lang offers courses designed around exhibitions at prominent New York City cultural institutions such as the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), the Guggenheim Museum, the New-York Historical Society, and the Public Theater. Students venture "behind the scenes” to meet with staff and guest artists and investigate the artistic process. These courses teach students about the life and art of featured artists and the social and political milieu of their work. Students get to meet with museum curators to learn about both the featured exhibition and the curatorial process. Other similar courses allow students to explore the process of historical representation and interpretation through material culture with field analysis of historical sites and public art in New York. For more information, speak to your academic advisor.
Lang Theater ProductionsEach semester, students are invited to audition for a theatrical production at Lang. Past plays produced by the faculty and students of Lang include Our Town, The Judith of Shimoda, From the Fire, Big Love, Measure for Measure, Nightclub Cantata, Operetta, and The Laramie Project. Public performances are scheduled in November and March. As members of the cast or crew, students can receive academic credit. For more information about auditions, contact a member of the theater faculty or the Arts program office.
New School Debate TeamFounded in 2003 by a freshman who wanted to build community at Lang, the New School Debate Team currently ranks 27th in the nation in college competitions, ahead of Dartmouth, USC, and NYU. Debating engages students in the full range of intellectual and policy arguments on select, contact Judy Pryor-Ramirez, Director of Civic Engagement and Social Justice.
Student Housing and Residence Life72 Fifth Avenue, 3rd floor212.229.5459Students residing in campus housing should expect to enjoy new challenges and experiences and establish new friendships. University Housing supports learning by fostering residential communities that reinforce academic and personal growth. A secure and supportive environment with relevant programming allows residents to share experiences and activities, appreciate differences, and ease into the challenges of college. All residence halls provide exciting social and educational programs created to familiarize residents with both the traditions of The New School and the cultural opportunities of New York. Programs designed to engage intellectual and artistic interests and to promote personal health and wellness are implemented by the resident advisors. Our goal is to provide comfortable and inclusive communities that encourage cultural awareness, academic achievement, and new and diverse experiences. Students who have questions or concerns about life in the residence halls should contact myhome@newschool.edu.
WNSR RadioWNSR is the New School's Web-based radio station. Students are responsible for managing and producing content for the station's five programming streams (currently a series of podcasts; streaming options are being explored). Course components include station management, marketing and fundraising; audio production, including basic recording and mixing; broadcast journalism, including interviewing and writing for radio; feature production, editing, and critique; music programming; and artistic performance programming, which involves interfacing with Lang's wide array of creative performance and arts programming. To listen, visit WNSR.
Eleven and a Half Literary JournalStudents learn about literary journal publishing by researching contemporary practices in the field and by editing content for the Eugene Lang College literary arts journal, Eleven and a Half. The editorial process includes developing goals for the journal, soliciting submissions, reading and evaluating submissions, and responding to authors. Students learn the basic vocabulary of journal production and publishing. Current trends in literary editing are discussed. There are field trips to presses and organizations that support literary publishing, and classes feature visits by New York City-based literary arts editors, from do-it-yourself practices, letterpress, book arts, web-based journals, university and college-based publications, and journals with a larger mainstream readership. Register for the course or contact Albert Mobilio for more information.
Skybridge Art and SoundThe Skybridge curatorial course provides an opportunity for multimedia exhibitions and curriculum-based projects in the arts. Showcasing visiting artist work, student work, and broader curatorial projects, the Skybridge space is a vibrant and exciting laboratory for visual, aural, and critical thinking. Students consider several distinct ideas for the management of the gallery space, supported by readings, field trips to art galleries, public radio stations and sound installations, and a toured visit of a museum given by a professional curator. The history and practice of audio art is introduced in the context of conceiving and installing actual exhibitions, including creating acoustical landscapes to complement the visual and textual components of each project. There are usually two to three exhibitions per semester.
Dance RepertoriesThis course develops performance skills for advanced dancers through rehearsals and performances of a dance work choreographed by a guest artist. The repertory work is performed at the end of the semester in the semester Dance Performance. By design, this course is taught by a rotating group of artists currently practicing in the field, giving students the opportunity to engage with varied approaches to choreographic research and understandings of the body and of performance, as conceived and employed by some of the fields most adventurous contemporary practitioners. An audition is required.
Athletics and Recreation72 Fifth Avenue, 4th floorAthletics and Recreation offers students many ways to become physically active and make new friends while developing life skills such as working in groups, meeting new people, and relieving stress through disciplined activity. Throughout the academic year, the office supports intramural team sports as well as weekly recreation programs (group fitness classes and personal training), outdoor education and activities, and other special recreational events. For questions, please contact Athletics and Recreation.Kate Blackwell took silk last year. Outside the courtroom, she has used her 21 years of experience in criminal law as a speaker on the after-dinner circuit, giving talks on subjects such as “Balancing family life with life at the Bar”.
In her day job at Lincoln House Chambers, however, the single mother of four specialises in serious criminal cases, including murder and people-trafficking, and was No 3 on the Harold Shipman prosecution team. Two decades as senior counsel on the northern circuits have earned her a reputation as “an excellent performer” with a “hands-on approach”.
Frances Andrade had beenSRD:Ring of Epic Protection
From D&D Wiki
Protection[edit]
This ring offers continual magical protection in the form of a deflection bonus to Armor Class of +6 or higher.
Caster Level: 20th: Prerequisites: Forge Ring, Forge Epic Ring, shield of faith, creator’s caster level must be three times the ring’s bonus; Market Price: 720,000 gp (+6), 980,000 gp (+7), 1,280,000 gp (+8), 1,620,000 gp (+9), 2,000,000 gp (+10).
Back to Main Page → 3.5e Open Game Content → System Reference Document → Magic ItemsWhat's New
Resolved bugs in iPad 2
App Description
25 pages of beautiful illustrations with narrations, jigsaw puzzles, coloring puzzles and "Find the missing crowns" puzzles.
>>>VIDEO<<<
>>
- November 24, 2012 Price decrease: $1.99 -> $0.99
- June 17, 2011 New version 1.1
- May 07, 2011 Price increase: $0.99 -> $1.99
- May 06, 2011 Price decrease: $1.99 -> $0.99
- February 28, 2011 Price increase: $0.99 -> $1.99
- February 24, 2011 Price decrease: $1.99 -> $0.99Yes it can.
"Their is no scientific proof that the chemical imbalance isn't a result of a person's own mood change. "
Neurophysiology is understood enough to know what is normal, and what is not. That means the functions of neurophysiological structures and chemistry are known and understood. Even the functioning of the mind as a rational agent is. that does not mean, that what can be recognized as a problem, can be addressed at this point in time.
"As the person on this thread with a chemical balance already stated. There are no tests to find the disease. "
There are tests, and no one said there wasn't. Anyone can be examined to determine mental and affect function. If affect is inappropriate and more, or less interferes with rational drives, it can and will be observed.
"There is only a laundry list of symptoms in which this doctor has to compare you to in order to prescribe the right kind of medication."
No. That is guessing. The only way to recognize and treat disease is by knowing and understanding the biology in depth. Only by knowing and understanding it, can the disease be recognized and the appropriate corrections taken.
It can.. where is your evidence?
Point me out to articles that prove that chemical imbalances are in inherited.. or anywhere where it says it can be proved why these imbalances can occur midlife and how that happens.
You said observed.. so it's based purely on speculation.. and purely based on observed symptoms. You could of at least "I would have to agree with you Almondjoy that there are no scientific tests to find cause.. only symptoms." It would of been much easier to say that don't you think?
"The only way to recognize and treat disease is by knowing and understanding the biology in depth. Only by knowing and understanding it, can the disease be recognized and the appropriate corrections taken."
Well according to your own statements there is currently no understanding of what is currently happening with the human brain other than to "observe" what is taking place in the patient.
So basically what you are saying is anyone that has an understanding of the symptoms could fake a mental disorder.
Good job. And thanks for proving my point.Oh yeah, I forgot about them. It's been so long since we had a Cubs team to watch, and they're even winning at this moment!
GO CUBS!!!
2 Building permits
3 hours ago
Permit issued for elevator equipment
3140 S. Indiana Ave. Comment
Installation of (1) 1400# cap., 3-stop, hydraulic, LULA passenger elevator pursuant to plans submitted. Installation to be made in compliance with 2010 City of Chicago Elevator Code.
Permit issued for signs
554 W. 31st St. Comment
AWNING SIGN WILL BE MOUNTED ON SOUTH SIDE BUILDING FACADE.
7 Photos
3 hours ago
Media mention Multiple locations
4 hours ago
Mark for Your Calendar for this Seasons Movies in the Park
Chicago Women's Park & Gardens 1801 S. Indiana Ave.
Business review the LEX, Chicago
11 hours ago
Media mention 22nd and LaSalle
11 hours ago
90-year-old woman celebrates 74 years with same company
...s about to celebrate her 90th birthday.In those days, the Don Company was at 22nd and LaSalle. They supplied restaurants with equipment and materials. Bertucci was just 16 and in need of...
Media mention Multiple locations
20 hours ago
Black Chicago 2015 summer events
The Artist Lounge Open Mic hosted by Dometi Pongo: Every 1st and 3rd Friday @ Elee Mosynary Art Gallery (645 W. 18th Street)
Bottomless Brunch: Every Sunday 10a-4p @ Fleetwood (2333 S. Michigan Ave.)This article has 33 other Chicago locations (Show)
Grown Folks Stories: Thursday, May 21 @ The Silver Room (1506 E. 53rd Street)
“Move Your Body: The Evolution of House Music” exhibition kick off concert: Friday, May 22 @ Jay Pritzker Pavilion in Millennium Park (201 E. Randolph) FREE
Farley Jackmaster Funk’s Birthday Party: Saturday, May 23 @ EvileOlive (1551 W. Division)
Randolph Street Market Festival: Saturday & Sunday, May 23-24 @ 1350 block W. Randolph and 1340 W. Washington Street between Ada and Ogden
Spike Lee and St. Sabina Block Party: Monday, May 25 @ 7800 S. Throop
Jazzin’ with the Saints: Friday, May 29 @ Gallery Guichard (436 E. 47th Street)
Hyde Park Brew Fest: Saturday & Sunday, June 6-7 @ 54th and Kenwood
Printers Row Lit Fest: Saturday - Sunday, June 6-7 @Dearborn and Polk
Chicago Blues Fest: Friday - Sunday, June 12-14 @ Grant Park (Jackson & Columbus)
Juneteenth Celebration: Friday, June 19 @ Culture Connection (400 W. 71st Street)
Taste of Randolph Street: Friday - Sunday, June 19-21 @ 900 W. Randolph
6 Corners BBQ Fest: Friday - Sunday, June 19-21 @ 4041 N. Milwaukee Ave.
Sib's Breakfast Club Black Men Stand Up Celebration: Saturday, June 20 @ Venue 47 (643 E. 47th Street)
Real Men Cook: Sunday, June 21@ Palmer Park (201 E. 111th Street)
Chicago Pride Fest: Saturday & Sunday, June 20-21 @ Halsted and Waveland
L.A.T.E. Ride: Saturday, June 27 overnight ride @ Buckingham Fountain (500 S Columbus Dr)
Randolph Street Market Festival: Saturday & Sunday, June 27-28 @ 1350 W. Randolph & 1340 W. Washington
Randolph Street Market Festival: Saturday & Sunday, June 27-28 @ 1350 W. Randolph & 1340 W. Washington
Chicago Pride Parade: Sunday, June 28 @ Montrose Avenue and Broadway
Windy City RibFest: Friday-Sunday, July 3-5 @ Lawrence and Broadway
Chosen Few Picnic (25th Anniversary): Saturday, July 4, @ Jackson Park, 63rd and Hayes Drive
Taste of WVON: Saturday, July 18 @ Lorraine Dixon Park (8701 S. Dauphin Ave), FREE
Black Harvest Film Festival: August 8 – September 3 @ Gene Siskel Film Center (164 N. State Street)
Taylor Street Festa Italiana: Thursday-Sunday, August 13-16 @ Taylor Street and Ashland
Taste of Greektown: Saturday & Sunday, August 22-23 @ 400 S. Halsted
Little Black PearlFest at the Beach: Saturday August 22 @ Oakwood Beach (1099 E. Oakwood Blvd)
Chicago Venetian Night: Saturday, September 12 @ Navy Pier (600 E. Grand Ave.)
August Wilson’s Gem of the Ocean: Thursday, September 10 - Sunday, October 11 @ Court Theatre (5535 S. Ellis Ave)
Move Your Body: The Evolution of House Music Exhibit: May 21 – August 16 @ Chicago Cultural Center (78 E. Washington Street), FREE
House of Blues Gospel Brunch: Every Sunday, House of Blues, Dearborn & Kinzie
Maxwell Street Market: Every Sunday, 800 S. Desplaines
Old School After Work Set: Every Tuesday @ Norman’s Bistro (1001 E. 43rd Street) Free
Soul Music Fridays: Every Friday @ Darrin’s Cocktail Lounge (1249 E. 87th Street), FREE After Work Set
3 Business reviews
23 hours ago
- Carbon on Yelp
- MingHin Cuisine on Yelp
Triple Crown Restaurant on Yelp
Volunteer opportunity 1727 S Indiana Avenue
27 hours ago
5 Photos
27 hours ago
Building permit 2915 S. Princeton Ave.
27 hours ago
Permit issued for renovation/alteration
2915 S. Princeton Ave. Comment
2 DWELLING UNITS INTERIOR BUILD-OUT PER PLANS. **Certified Plan Corrections Project - Conditional Permit: Subject to field inspections **
3 Open311 service requests
27 hours ago
Restaurant Complaint Closed2632 S Lowe Comment
Pothole in Street Open2847 S Lowe Ave, Chicago, Illinois Comment
Pavement Cave-In Survey Open1840 South Indiana Avenue, Chicago, IL 60616, USA Comment
Classroom fundraiser Pershing Humanities Magnet School
27 hours ago
Working with Words in KindergartenMrs. Dunn is asking for $381.52:
My students need hands-on phonics and word building materials.Pershing Humanities Magnet School Comment
5 Business reviews
35 hours ago
- Glam Luxe on Yelp
Northern City on Yelp
Reggie's Trainwreck Rooftop Deck on Yelp
Rogers Auto Group on Yelp
- Firestone Complete Auto Care on Yelp
Media mention Multiple locations
41 hours ago
Mark Memorial Day weekend with parades, ceremonies and more
Day Trip Music Festival: Noon Sunday, May 24, at Redmoon Theater, 2120 S. Jefferson St., Chicago. An all-day electronic music festival over four consecutive Sundays of the summer. $10. eventsprout.com/register/daytrip_music__festival.This article has 4 other Chicago locations (Show)
Belmont-Sheffield Music Fest: 12:15 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, May 23-24, at 3200 N. Sheffield, Chicago. This annual festival unofficially kicks off Chicago's summer street fest season with top local tribute bands, food, and arts and crafts. $5. chicagoevents.com.
Hanover Park Memorial Day ceremony: 10 a.m. Monday, May 25, at Veterans Memorial Plaza in front of village hall, 2121 W. Lake St. Four new bricks honoring veterans will be added to the plaza. Free. Hpil.org.
Elk Grove Village Memorial Day observation: 10:45 a.m. Monday, May 25, at the Elk Grove Village Park District Pavilion, 1000 Wellington Ave., Elk Grove. Participants include VFW Post 9284 and the Ladies Auxiliary. Free. (847) 357-4040.
...at Lisle Cemetery. A community picnic follows at noon at Museums at Lisle Station Park, 921 School St. Free. (630) 271-9806...
Media mention Multiple locations
43 hours ago
City Announces 2015 Memorial Day Holiday Weekend Schedule
The 311 Service Center will be closed on Sunday, May 24 according to its regular schedule, and will be closed on May 25 for Memorial Day.This article has 1 other Chicago location (Show)
Evanston American Legion Post 42 will host a community reflection and ceremony honoring America's fallen heroes at Fountain Square, located at Orrington Ave. and Davis St., on Monday, May 25. The assembly will begin at 10 a.m. and the ceremony will start at 10:30 a.m.
Business review Carbon, Chicago
47 hours ago
5 Photos
2 days ago
Building permit 2424 S. Wabash Ave.
2 days ago
Permit issued for easy permit process
2424 S. Wabash Ave. Comment
TOTAL ROOF TEAR OFF.
3 School reviews
2 days ago
Jane Addams High School reviewed by a parent
Jane Addams High School (1814 S Union Ave) Comment
This is a smaller school and a life changer. My daughter went to 5 high schools and Jane Addams was the only one that my daughter took serious because they are very serious. They don't play any games and the students quickly learn that they need to take school much more serious. She has become more determined and persistent in everything she does - and that she learned at this school.
Jane Addams High School reviewed by a student
Jane Addams High School (1814 S Union Ave) Comment
I ve had other different experiences here at Jane Addams High School. It is a very small high school. We have to wear uniform but I don t mind it. All the teachers and staff are nice and friendly.
Jane Addams High School reviewed by a student
Jane Addams High School (1814 S Union Ave) Comment
I have spent three years at Jane Addams. In those three short years, I have learned a lot more than I would ever learn from my previous school. If it wasn t for the staff at this school, I don t think I would have made it through high school. Even though this school is strict, and we do have a lot of rules, but if you ask me, they're fairly simple. This school has taught me how to be self-sufficient, think critically, and take personal responsibility. I knew what these traits meant, but Jane Addams taught me the importance of how to use them in my everyday life. While enrolled at this school I have learned so much about myself. I think Jane Addams really helped me focus on what really matters. Even though this school does too much I wouldn t want it any other way. Maybe if they did less then I wouldn t be so close to graduating. JAHS not only made me a better student but a better person overall.
Media mention Multiple locations
2 days ago
Updated 2 days ago
'Hawks Bars in Chicago: Where to Watch Games
Kroll's South Loop: 1736 S. Michigan Ave.This article has 72 other Chicago locations (Show)
Bar Takito: 201 N. Morgan St.
Beer: 3415 N. Clark St.
Blackfinn: 65 W. Kinzie St.
Bub City: 435 N. Clark St.
Candlelite: 7452 N. Western Ave.
Clover Sports and Leisure: 722 W. Grand Ave.
Commonwealth Tavern: 2000 Roscoe St.
Connie's Pizza: 1030 N. State St.
Cortland's Garage: 1645 W. Cortland
Crew Bar and Grill: 4804 N. Broadway
Crossroads Public House: 2630 N. Clark St.
Derby Bar and Grill: 1224 W. Webster Ave.
Division Ale House: 1942 W. Division
Durkin's Tavern: 810 W. Diversey Pkwy.
Emmit's Irish Pub: 495 N. Milwaukee
Fatpour: 2005 W. Division
Finley Dunne's Tavern: 3458 N. Lincoln Ave.
Fizz Bar and Grill: 3220 Lincoln Ave.
Four Shadows Tavern and Grill: 2758 N. Ashland Ave.
Frank's Bar: 2503 N. Clark St.
George Street Pub: 2858 N. Halsted
Golden Crust Pizza and Tap: 4620 N. Kedzie Ave.
Harry Caray's Tavern: 700 E. Grand Ave.
Hawkeye's Bar and Grill: 1458 W. Taylor St.
High Noon Saloon: 1560 N. Milwaukee Ave.
J Patrick's: 1367 W. Erie St.
Jake Melnick's Corner Tap: 41 E. Superior St.
Jimmy Green's: 825 S. State St.
Joe's: 940 W. Weed
Johnny's Icehouse: 2550 W. Madison
JP Burke's Patio and Tap: 2913 N. Lincoln Ave.
Kirkwood Bar and Grill: 2934 N. Sheffield
Lizzie McNeill's Irish Pub: 400 N. McClurg Ct.
Lottie's: 1925 W. Cortland St.
Mahoney's Pub and Grille: 551 N. Ogden Ave.
McFadden's: 1206 N. State St.
Michael Diversey's: 670 W. Diversey Pkwy.
Mother Hubbard's: 5 W. Hubbard St.
O'Donovan's Pub and Restaurant: 2100 W. Irving Park Road
O'Malley's Liquor Kitchen: 3551 N. Sheffield
Old Fifth: 1027 W. Madison St.
Output Lounge: 1758 W. Grand Ave.
Paddy O'Fegan's: 204 N. Halsted St.
Pequod's Pizza: 2207 N. Clybourn
Pitchfork: 2922 W. Irving Park Road
Riverview Tavern: 1958 W. Roscoe St.
Standard Bar and Grill: 1332 N. Milwaukee Ave.
State: 935 W. Webster Ave.
Teaser's Public House: 7123 W. Higgins Ave.
The Anthem: 1725 W. Division
The Beer Bistro: 1061 W. Madison
The Beer Bistro North: 1415 W. Fullerton
The Boundry Tavern and Grill: 1932 W. Division St.
The Butcher's Tap: 3553 N. Southport Ave.
The CrossRoads Bar and Grill: 1120 W. Madison St.
The Full Shilling: 3724 N. Clark St.
The Junction Chicago: 222 S. Riverside Plaza
The Lodge: 21 W. Division St.
The Ogden: 1659 W. Ogden Ave.
The Pony Inn: 1638 W. Belmont
The Scout: 1301 S. Wabash
The Smoke Daddy: 1804 W. Division St.
The Temple Bar: 3001 N. Ashland Ave.
Third Rail Tavern: 1133 W. Madison
Timothy O'Toole's Pub: 622 N. Fairbanks
Trophy Room: 170 W. Ontario
Vinyl: 121 W. Hubbard
Waterhouse: 3407 N. Paulina St.
WhirleyBall Chicago: 1880 W. Fullerton Ave.
Will's Northwoods Inn: 3032 N. Racine
Union Park Lounge: 228 S. Racine
Urban Burger Bar: 1578 N. Clybourn
2 Business reviews
2 days ago
- Starbucks on Yelp
- Enterprise Rent-A-Car on Yelp
Media mention Multiple locations
May 05
Updated 2 days ago
2015 Chicago Farmers Market: Maps By Day
Bronzeville |Martin Luther King Dr. & 26th | Saturdays 10am to 2pm
Pilsen Community Market | 18th and Halstead | Sundays 9am to 2pm, starting May 31stThis article has 38 other Chicago locations (Show)
Ford City Mall Market | 7601 S. Cicero | Wednesdays 8am to 1 pm, starting July 8th
Garfield Park Conservatory | 200 N. Kedzie | Thursdays, Monthly 11 am to 4pm, starting June 18th
Hyde Park Market | 53rd & Harper | Thursdays 7am to 1pm, starting June 4
Division Street Market | Division and Dearborn | Saturdays 7am to 1pm, starting May 16th
Nettlehorst French Market | 3252 N Broadway | Saturdays 8am to 2pm, starting in Apr
Portage Park Market | Berteau and Central | Sundays 10am to 2pm, starting June 7th
South Shore – Rainbow Beach Park Market | 79th and South Shore | Sundays noon to 5pm, starting June 21st
| 1754 West Byron St. |
- Old Guys Rule "We have met the enemy... and he is us" - Pogo
@Johnny - If you are still looking for Ghost Pepper plants, I saw them for sale last Friday at Meinke Garden Center, 5803 West Touhy Avenue, Niles. Also had Scotch Bonnets in a special area for super hot peppers. They are still in the greenhouse so I would keep them in a shaded area for about a week before putting them in full sun on a patio. Best place to find unusual tomato and pepper plants..
About
EveryBlock collects 25 types of news in Chicago — including articles, real estate listings, meetups and conversations neighbors are having — and organizes it by location. Here is all the recent news and discussion near 60616.Join or Sign In
I'm 58 years of age, and I starting learning to knit when I was 5 years old. I knit a lot of baby gear and tea cosies to sell online, and I make up my own patterns so no two items ever look the same. I am also a keen scrapbooker.
Take Craftsy with you!
Craftsy Apps for iOS and Android. Read more »
ElsewhereDocumentary List
A list of recently posted documentaries in each category. Hover over the image to read the description. Click on the category title to browse for more.
Technology (126)
Psychology (51)
Philosophy (18)
Performing Arts (72)
Military and War (129)
Environment (149)
Conspiracy (136)
Art and Artists (40)
- 
Hyperic SIGAR
SIGAR (System Information Gatherer and Reporter) is a cross-platform, cross-language library and command-line tool for accessing operating system and hardware level information in Java, Perl and .NET.392 weekly downloads
Marathon - GUI Acceptance Test Runner
Marathon runs gui based acceptance tests against Java/Swing applications. Marathon provides an integrated environment for test script creation and execution. Currently, Marathon supports Jython and JRuby script models for recording the test scripts.34 weekly downloads
Infinispan
High performance distributed in-memory key/value store15 weekly downloads
GreasySpoon
An ICAP Services Factory19 weekly downloads
DaVinci OS
Linux Operating System based on openSUSE 13.1 by Tóca9
Waxeye Parser Generator
Waxeye is a parser generator based on parsing expression grammars (PEGs). It supports C, Java, Javascript, Python, Ruby and Scheme.15 weekly downloads
Command Line Parser GetPot
Tool to parse the command line and configuration files8
Html Assembler
Html Assembler is a static site generator. It automatically integrates page content such as text and photos in a modifiable page template creating a complete set of html files ready for upload to your site
millosh's workshop
A collection of software made by Milos Rancic.2 weekly downloads
webgeno
webgeno is a light-weight Content Management System (CMS) for generating websites offline. It is primarily designed for personal websites where the user doesn't have access to the server except to upload files.2 weekly downloads
Habu
Making spam reporting easy. A collection of tools for catching and reporting spam e-mAdvertisement
Patricia Park on Becoming a Writer After Life in the Publishing Biz
Author Patricia Park has learned the hard way that not anyone can write a good book. While she dealt with her share of tough writers working as a book publicist, Park has written her own book and learned the hardship of being a no ...
Advertisement- Conference date: 17–22 June 2012
- Location: Big Island, Hawaii
Abstract
The Spektr–R spacecraft was launched on a Zenit–3F rocket into an orbit with a perigee of 10.000 kilometers and apogee of 390.000 km on July 18, 2011. The spacecraft operational lifetime would exceed five years. The main task of the mission is investigations of distant sources of electromagnetic emissions but, as a supporting measurement, the spacecraft carries a complex of instruments for solar wind monitoring because it will spend there ∼ 8 days out of the 9–day orbit. The main task of the solar wind monitor (BMSW) is to provide fast measurements of the solar wind density, velocity, and temperature with a maximum time resolution of 31 ms. Such time resolution was obtained using simultaneous measurements of several Faraday cups oriented permanently nearly in the solar wind direction. In this paper, we describe briefly basic principles of the BMSWoperation, and show a few examples its observations. We present frequency spectra of the solar wind turbulence at the kinetic scale and an example of high–frequency waves associated with an IP shock.
Key Topics
- Solar wind
- 6.0
- Space vehicles
- 3.0
- Time resolved spectroscopy
- 2.0
- Electromagnetic radiation
- 1.0
- Electromagnetic<<I’ve resisted commenting too much on the present Mark Trail storyline, one of the most ridiculous — and darkest — ever.
Essentially, it’s the story of a wife-beater who has his mousy spouse, Patty, under his thumb and is subjecting her to emotional and even physical abuse. This is a far cry from the usual dognapping ring/crooked developer plots.
The wife may be the worst in a long line of insulting female characters in Mark Trail, reduced to bringing wildlife into her house as a cure for her despair and loneliness. She’s been cringing at one thing or another since the story began. She doesn’t even know how to point and click a camera, leading to an ugly scene where Mark put his arms around her to demonstrate -- oldest trick in the book -- and had to fend off a wild attack by her husband.
In the latest development, her chronically enraged spouse has shot Patty’s deer friend and stomped off on a business trip with the buck's corpse lying 20 feet from their cabin.
Patty walks outside … and discovers that the deer is gone. “BUCKY! BUCKY!” she shouts to no one in particular. “WHERE IS HE?”
My question for you today is: What happens next? I have three alternative plot developments for you to choose from, or you can add one of your own.
A. Suddenly, Patty notices a movement at the edge of the clearing. A wolf is dragging Bucky’s carcass away. “Don’t worry, Patty!” says Mark, appearing suddenly and putting his hand on her shoulder. “It’s all part of the natural cycle of life and death here in Lost Forest. That tasty deer meat will provide a good meal for this wolf and other scavengers.”
B. Sobbing uncontrollably, Patty stumbles back into her cabin — and discovers Bucky’s head mounted over the fireplace, and her husband standing nearby. “I decided to make amends for my terrible actions,” her chastened husband says, smiling warmly. “Now you can sit in here and talk to your friend whenever you like.”
C. Suddenly, Patty notices a movement at the edge of the clearing. Her deer, maddened by its gunshot wound, lowers his head and charges her. Mark materializes by her side and grabs her arm. “WE’LL HAVE TO RUN FOR IT! he shouts. “HE’S GOING TO GORE US!”
Other suggestions?
Two words: zombie deer
While Patty treks through the woods searching for the injured buck, her husband returns home for his forgotten shaving kit. There he finds Mark. Since their entanglement earlier, Mark finds a curious attraction to Patty's husband, a real man. The two are inexplicably drawn toward each other... and a new comic strip is in the making-"Broke Back Trail".
I really thought Mark would return, fists a'blazing, as soon as he heard the gunshot. I think Sneaky the raccoon dragged Bucky's lifeless carcass into Lost Forest, where Mark is now giving Bucky the "kiss of life".
The best part is how this storyline started -- Patty paid a pre-sunrise visit to Cherry in Lost Forest to spill her guts about the affair with Bucky. Alas, Mark returned early from his latest trip, and Patty left without sharing her story. Bill is quite correct that Patty is the dumbest woman ever to appear in Mark Trail. And that's saying something!
Patty's search turns up Bucky's carcass, but there something very strange about the carcass. It's actually a robotic deer. An evil land developer has been using the dear deer Bucky, to scout potential valuable land tracts for ruthless over-commercialization!
Unfortunately for the evil developer, the husband's reckless act ruins all of his plans. The husband is lauded as a hero!
This is too much for our heroine Patty. In a fit of rage she smears wolverine pheromones on her abuser's coat. Needless to say, but I shall anyway, the husband is...loved... to death by rabid wolverines.
Mark discovers the plot and is forced to turn Patty in.
Patty turns her life around in prison and begins to teach the other inmates Photography (having learned much under Mark's short tutelage.)
"Patty turns her life around in prison and begins to teach the other inmates Photography (having learned much under Mark's short tutelage.)"
Holy crap, I just spit soda on my computer!
I love it when something is unexpectedly funny and causes you to spit your Coke on your keyboard or pass a whole cheese sandwich through your nose.
You guys are cracking me up.
This is kinda like karyoke, but with a keyboard instead of a mike. Either way, the results are still bad!
I think Jack Elrod is spending too much time in Lost Forest. While he can certainly draw villains and wildlife, he's terrible at drawing women. The hairstyles of Cherry and Patty are so 1950's. And the kid from the last storyline (Sneaky's owner) had a flip that no child born after 1970 would wear.
We live in the country and the deer are constantly eating my wife's plants. They've even eaten her holly bushes! My wife would be thrilled to see any and all deer gunned down.
Patty is a pathetic whiner with no connection to the realities of rural living. Wait until a deer jumps out in front of her car and she hits it. Kiss off between $2,500 and $6,500.
Is it only me or has anyone else been bothered by the fact that this 6 point buck only comes up to Patty's chest?
Now that you mention it, that is a really freakish deer. But when you consider that the cartoonist routinely appears to have animals talking or words flying out of people's crotches, it's not out of character.
"words flying out of people's crotches" - The prison shower scene is going to get a whole lot more interesting.
Ooh, it gets better today! Patty wonders if Bucky COULD be alive. My God Patty, what else could have happened during the 5 minutes you left the carcass and went into the house?
I think the first poster got it right: zombie deer.
That was an enjoyable 5 minutes I just spent reading everyone's comments. And the sun is shining, and it is almost 60 degrees outside, and it is February 11th. It is a great day.
I'm late to this fun parade, but here's my plot suggestion:
Bucky is actually the reincarnation of Buffalo Bill Cody, who has been sentenced by God to spend eternity roaming the earth as a Buffalo and getting shot every so often. There weren't enough Bison available the last time he got shot, so he's a deer this time around.
He's been hanging out at Patty's cabin trying to teach her to play poker, but she hasn't taken the hint. He doesn't mind though, the deer on human foreplay is easier than the Buffalo on Human foreplay he tried in the last life, which ended with him as a "special' on the menu at Carabba's.
The problem this time is the wound wasn't fatal, and only stunned him, so "bucky' has headed over to Lost Forest hoping Cherry's Dad "Doc" will patch him up, after he reminds Mark to tell Cherry he likes what she did to her hair.
At that point, bucky takes an interest in Andy and we find out about Dear old Buffalo Bill Cody's
real perversion.
But don't worry, Mark protects his good buddy Andy, and finds Bucky a new home. He trucks him to an out of the way shelter outside Emmaus PA.
A place called "almost Heaven."
Take it away, Bill.
Mr Casey gets elected to office. Most of us re-locate to Togo, Upper Volta or Dahomey.
Walkie! shame on you! Personal attacks aren't very nice! LOL!
Don't worry Walkie, I've retired from political life, and enjoying it. You don't ever have to worry about me running for anything again!
You and your gang are doing a splendid job! I think there's a few bucks under your township building that haven't been spent yet!
Wait, you know who Walkie is?!
I've been wondering that myself.
It appears that Elrod has been watching Battlestar Galactica.
The deer are rebelling, and they have a plan. Patty is obviously a deer, but she doesn't know it yet...Accounting Assistant/Payroll Coordinator
Life Insurance Industry
THE OPPORTUNITY: This is an outstanding opportunity to join a company that has been chosen as one of "Chicago's 101 Best and Brightest Companies To Work For" since 2006. This role has primary responsibility to process and remit payroll to the Company's payroll provider; perform analysis to insure accuracy of payroll; and reconcile transactions and account balances. In addition, this position processes and records all cash receipts; processes mortgage transactions and prepares various mortgage reports; monitors guarantee fund assessments and calculates accrual; prepares state compliance filings to include premium tax filings; and prepares and analyzes data for Form 945 reporting.
WHAT IT TAKES TO SUCCEED: If you have a proven track record of successfully processing payroll in addition to other accounting functions, demonstrating teamwork and flexibility, the ability to work independently, and have a professional demeanor, you could be positioned for this career opportunity. To be considered, candidates must have at a minimum the following qualifications:
•· 4+ years of experience in accounting department or relevant education or work experience
•· 2+ years of experience in Payroll Accounting
•· Well-developed computer skills including proficiency in Microsoft Excel, experience and working knowledge of Word and accounting applications
•· Proven ability to maintain confidentiality of sensitive and private information
•· Associate or Bachelor's Degree in Accounting an prior experience with ADP Payroll systems preferred but not required
ABOUT US: MTL Insurance Company, a mutual company and member of the Mutual Trust Financial Group, headquartered in Oak Brook, IL, is a leader in the individual life insurance industry. We are proud of our 107 years in business, our strong industry position, our product performance, and our delivery of outstanding service to our agents and policyholders. MTL's Excellent AM Best and Standard & Poor ratings are a testament to our stability and strong leadership. Visit our website at to learn more about us. COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES: If you are a high-energy individual who likes to be challenged and enjoys a dynamic, innovative environment that provides multiple opportunities to contribute, as well as a broad base of responsibilities, we would like to hear from you. We offer market competitive salary and benefits, which include:
If interested, please apply at. Applications that do not include salary history may not be considered.Managing Tensions On The Korean Peninsula
"Managing Tensions On The Korean Peninsula"
Our guest bloggers are Winny Chen, a Policy Analyst and Manager of China Studies, and Anne Paisley, an intern with the National Security and International Policy Team at the Center for American Progress.
Earlier this week, the United States announced additional sanctions aimed at cutting off funding to North Korea’s nuclear program and its affluent ruling class. The effectiveness of the sanctions will depend significantly on cooperation from China, which supports North Korea’s struggling economy and denies the international investigation that blamed North Korea for the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan last March. China, South Korea and the United States all support regional stability, but differences on how to respond linger, as another act of aggression from Pyongyang potentially looms over the region. The United States must make clear that stability is a responsibility of all parties in the region, and it should continue to push hard for China’s support of sanctions in order to prevent another provocative move by North Korea.
Pyongyang’s aggressive behavior demanded a strong international response, which unfortunately China blocked using its permanent position on the United Nations Security Council. The U.N.’s watered-down statement in July condemned the sinking of the Cheonan but did not specifically blame North Korea, which Beijing and Pyongyang viewed as a “great diplomatic victory.” In the absence of a robust international response, the United States stepped up its presence in the region last month by conducting joint military exercises with South Korea and reestablishing ties with Indonesia. North Korea vowed a “physical response” to the joint military exercises in the Sea of Japan, but by the end of the drills on June 28, North Korea had not followed through on its threats and even signaled that it may be interested in returning to six-party talks on its nuclear program, though doubts remain about Pyongyang’s true commitment to talks.
While Washington and Beijing both want regional stability, the two countries disagree on how best to achieve it in the aftermath of the Cheonan sinking. The Obama Administration has adopted a three-part strategy for dealing with North Korea — engaging the U.N., strengthening our alliance with South Korea and targeting North Korean leadership responsible for aggressive behavior and nuclear proliferation through sanctions. As part of that plan, Washington imposed economic sanctions on North Korea to block money that could be used for missiles and nuclear bombs and to keep money from Pyongyang’s wealthy ruling class.
China, on the other hand, wishes to preserve North Korea as a buffer state between itself and South Korean and U.S. troops stationed along the North and South Korean border, so it remains reticent on taking measures against its ally. Beijing also fears that sanctions could cause Pyongyang to collapse and a failed North Korean regime would send thousands of refugees into Northern China. China ultimately did not support international sanctions against the North in order protect its own borders and security concerns and prevent a potential humanitarian crisis on the peninsula.
This poses a significant challenge, as China’s cooperation is vital for the sanctions to be effective in North Korea. China’s refusal to support strong U.N. actions against North Korea or to take any meaningful actions against its rogue neighbor is a step back from the responsible positions China had taken in the last year, such as passing and enforcing sanctions on North Korea and allegedly denying Kim Jong-Il’s request for aid after North Korea shot ballistic missiles over South Korea in 2009. Some analysts surmise the North is planning more missile tests and a strong response is needed now to deter more provocative acts from the peninsula and to prevent an escalation. The U.S.–South Korea joint military exercises are a good start, but more is needed on the Chinese side.
Convincing China to pressure Kim Jong Il’s government is a challenging task for the Obama administration, especially as U.S. involvement in the South China Sea and Korean Peninsula continue to irritate U.S.-China relations. China holds strategic and diplomatic clout over the struggling country but does not see North Korean de-nuclearization as essential to global or even regional stability, as the United States does. Nonetheless, the United States must continue to its diplomatic and military presence in the region to press Beijing to return to a responsible path regarding North Korea. The United States must make clear that preservation of stability in region is the responsibility of all parties, and that it hinges in large part on China’s willingness to support sanctions.
The Obama Administration has not given up hope of achieving regional stability through the resumption of the Six-Party Talks. Secretary Clinton has stated that if North Korea could commit to de-nuclearization, the “door remains open for North Korea.” For the talks to resume, the North Korean government would have to halt its provocative behavior, agree to comply with international law and end belligerence towards its neighbors. China has argued that the issue must be solved through “peaceful measures and direct talks” between North and South Korea, yet it prevaricates on a response. And that benefits no one in the long-run.A recount of write-in votes cast in a Cumberland County primary election all but guarantees one candidate's election to Mechanicsburg Area School Board.
Cumberland Judge Kevin A. Hess ruled yesterday that Jerry S. Wills Jr. is entitled to have his name appear with candidate Dennis P. Burkhard on the Republican ballot in the general election race for two, four-year board seats representing region 3.
Wills was already listed on the Democratic ballot.
Mechanicsburg Area School District voting regions are Shiremanstown, Upper Allen Twp. and Mechanicsburg.
Burkhard was the lone candidate on the Mechanicsburg, or region 3, Republican ticket in the primary election. Wills was the only Democratic candidate.
It was discovered that a tally of write-in votes, certified May 30 by the county Election Board, was incomplete.
"Subsequent to the board's certification of the countywide vote totals, bureau of election staff informed the board that all write-in votes for the (region 3) were inadvertently omitted," board solicitor Edward L. Schorpp said in a petition filed with the court.
Wills received 18 write-in votes from Republican voters. Write-in candidates who receive at least 10 votes qualify for nomination as candidates on the fall election ballot.
He beat the only other Democratic candidate to receive enough Republican write-in votes to qualify: Joe Conrad received 12.Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip
link
TobyMac coming to Sioux Falls
Australian folk artist Hanlon playing Sioux Falls
Hudson: Twin Peaks on way to legendary status
Comedian, 'determined bugger' Izzard to play Pavilion
- TobyMac coming to Sioux Falls
- Australian folk artist Hanlon playing Sioux Falls
- Hudson: Twin Peaks on way to legendary status
- Comedian, 'determined bugger' Izzard to play…
- Photos: Comedian Eddie Izzard coming to Sioux…
- Photos: Luke Bryan concert at the Premier Center
Headlines
Updated 8:21 a.m. CDT
- Grid
- List
- Music
Shania Twain to perform in Sioux Falls
Shania Twain to perform in Sioux FallsTickets are $136, $86, $66, and $46
- Music
- 2 weeks ago
- Scott Hudson
Pop-punk band This Legend playing Bigs this week
Pop-punk band This Legend playing Bigs this weekPop-punk band This Legend playing Bigs this week
- Scott Hudson
- 2 weeks, 1 day ago
- Scott Hudson
New Cobain documentary worth your while
New Cobain documentary worth your whileNew Cobain documentary worth your while
- Scott Hudson
- 2 weeks, 2 days ago
- Music
DAN + SHAY added to Sioux Empire Fair lineup
DAN + SHAY added to Sioux Empire Fair lineupAll Sioux Empire Fair concerts are free with paid admission to the fair, which runs July 31 to Aug. 9
- Music
- 2 weeks, 2 days ago
- Music
Elton John to play Sioux Falls for second, final time
Elton John to play Sioux Falls for second, final timeTickets for the Oct. 2 show will go on sale May 8
- Music
- 3 weeks ago
- Scott Hudson
Total Drag, now a year old, a Sioux Falls music hot spot
Total Drag, now a year old, a Sioux Falls music hot spotTotal Drag, now a year old, a Sioux Falls music hot spot
- Scott Hudson
- 3 weeks, 1 day ago
Featured Content
Nation Now
Galleries
Video
Watch a replay of Link Live featuring Sock Puppet Menagerie of Sioux Falls, with host Jay Kirschenmann.
The internationally-acclaimed music festival made its North American debut with a weekend of rock. Get a sneek peak at the action before next weekend's pop artists take the stage.
Kanye West headlines KIIS Fm's annual Wango Tango concert in LA. Other performers include Justin Bieber, Jason Derulo and Meghan Trainor. (May 11)
Mariah Carey talks about being based in Las Vegas for her residency at Caeser's Palace; and says if there is any uncertainty about her lip syncing, people are welcome to "sing in the shower" with her. (April 28)
Beyonce and Kim Kardashian vied for the most transparent dress on the red carpet at the annual Met Gala in New York. Other stars attending included George Clooney, Rihanna, Jennifer Lawrence, Justin Bieber, Madonna and Sarah Jessica Parker. (May 5)
Watch a replay of Mark McLaughlin, Sioux Falls singer songwriter, on Argus Leader Media's weekly live music show Link Live, with host Jay Kirschenmann.
A Minnesota veteran is seeking medical treatment after hallucinating the same tune in his head for nearly a year.
On the red carpet for the 50th Academy of Country Music Awards, Lady Antebellum's Hillary Scott talked about the recent fire on her tour bus, while stars including Keith Urban and Big and Rich's John Rich discussed the show being held in Texas. (Apr
Arlington mayor talks with News 8 about ACMs
40,000 expected at Globe Life Park concert
Billy Bob's in Fort Worth a big part of country music history
ACM Awards organizer putting finishing touches on show
Watch a replay of Argus Leader Media's long-running Link Live show, this week featuring Bridget Kruse.
Watch a replay of Argus Leader Media's live original music show, Link Live, this week featuring Geoff Gunderson of Sioux Faflls. Jay Kirschenmann hosts.
Ringo Starr discusses Zayn Malik leaving One Direction, being finally inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Paul McCartney's latest collaboration with Rihanna and Kanye. (March 31))
Meghan Trainor, Adam Lambert and Nate Reuss feel the heat on the red carpet for the iHeartRadio Music Awards in Los Angeles. (March 30)
Watch a replay of Link Live featuring original music by Caitlin Collins of Sioux Falls. She also talks about an upcoming movie she's in.)
Watch a replay of Friday's Linik Live, featuring original music by Fishin' For Olives: Tommy Binford and Aunt Bee.
File this under “We Can’t Believe It”: Bobbi Kristina’s cousin Jerod Brown has released a new rap song called ‘Pray For BK’ and USA TODAY’s Arienne Thompson simply can’t believe her ears.
Watch a replay of Justin Ehrman on Link Live, Argus Leader Media's weekly live original music show at Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
A jury awarded Marvin Gaye's children nearly $7.4 million Tuesday after determining singers Robin Thicke and Pharrell Williams copied their father's music to create "Blurred Lines," the biggest hit song of 2013. (March 10)
A jury awarded Marvin Gaye's children nearly $7.4 million Tuesday after determining singers Robin Thicke and Pharrell Williams copied their father's music to create "Blurred Lines," the biggest hit song of 2013. (March 10)
Argus Leader Media's live weekly original music show Link Live features Janae Sturma of Sioux Falls.
From lyrical battles, East and West Coast rivalries, "bling bling," and much more, here is a (very) brief history of hip-hop music.
Hello Signal, also known as Nate Perkins, plays Link Live, Argus Leader Media's weekly live original music show.
Kanye West took to Twitter to publicly apologize to Beck for stealing his moment at the Grammy Awards. West also apologized to singer Bruno Mars.
Three 6 Mafia's DJ Paul is an Oscar winner, and you won't believe where he's stashed his golden trophy. He also tells USA TODAY's Arienne Thompson that he hasn't been back to the awards since his 2006 victory.
Watch a replay of the Friday Feb. 20, 2015, Link Live, Argus Leader Media's weekly live original music show. This week Chris Champion plays and talks with host Jay Kirschenmann about music.
Delta Spirit perfroms "From Now On", "into The Wide", and "Live On" for USA TODAY's StudioA.
With Beyonce, Jay-Z and Justin Bieber among the celebrity royalty attending the show, Kanye West rolls out his Yeezy Boost shoe line for Adidas. (Feb. 13)
The late-night comics on the behavior of Kanye West and other celebrities during the Grammy awards. Take a look at our favorite jokes, then vote for yours at opinion.usatoday.com.
With the 'Fifty Shades of Grey' release days away, USA Today's Andrea Mandell asks stars on the Grammy's red carpet to pick the sexiest song of all time.
On the Grammys red carpet, USA Today talks with musicians about Grammys fashion, how much the music business resembles 'Empire' and which award categories could be added to the show.
USA Today goes backstage with Cage the Elephant at an LA concert the band is playing before the Grammy Awards. The band's third album, 'Melophobia,' is nominated for best alternative music album.
USA TODAY's Brian Mansfield talks to performers at the 17th Annual Grammy Foundation Legacy Concert about the importance music education and giving back. Video produced by Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY
From members of Congress to members of the President's Cabinet, politicans sing - yes, sing! - their favorite tunes ahead of the Grammy Awards tonight.
The Clive Davis pre-Grammys gala may be harder to get invited to than the Grammys themselves. USA Today met up with some of the lucky celebrity attendees on the red carpet.
Watch a replay of Link Live, Argus Leader Media's weekly live music show featuring original music by the region's musicians. This week: Shorthand Charlie with host Jay Kirschenmann.
In honor of this weekend’s Grammys, USA TODAY’s Arienne Thompson would like to take you back in time to a decade ago when MC Hammer walked the same red carpet as Beyonce. Yes, that really happened!
What's it like to be nominated for a Grammy Award? R & B artist Aloe Blacci talks to USA TODAY's Brian Mansfield about what it's like to be a first-time Grammy Award nominee. Video produced by Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY
Watch a replay of Ted & Alice on Link Live, Argus Leader Media's weekly show broadcast from Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
Watch a replay of Billy Lurken performing his original songs on Argus Leader Media's weekly show Link Live.
Watch a replay of Jacob Daniel on Argus Leader's Link Live, at Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
Watch a replay of Sioux Falls musician Dave Wermers playing on Argus Leader Media's Link Live.
Watch a replay of Argus Leader Media's weekly llve online music show, Link Live, from Carnaval Brazilian Grill, this week featuring Ben Gertner of Sioux Falls.
Link Live with Bridget Kruse. You can read more about her and purchase her music at BridgetKruse.com.
The Fatten' Frogs from Minneapolis play on Link Live at Carnaval Brazilian Grill in Sioux Falls.
New Christmas music ready for this holiday season is scarce, but the quality is great, says Russ Borchardt, co-owner of Crossroads Book and Music. Check out his picks.
Singer/songwriters Cory Anderson and Kevin Jansa play acoustic guitar and banjo on Link Live at 4 p.m. at Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
Jill Miller performs on Link Live on Nov. 21, 2014 at Carnaval Brazilian Grill in Sioux Falls.
Watch a replay of: Darren Geffre on Link Live, Argus Leader Media's live online music show that features original music every Friday at 4 p.m. from Carnaval Brazilian Grill, Sioux Falls, SD, Host: Jay Kirschenmann.
Watch a replay of the Nov. 7 Link Live show featuring the duo The Copoetics.
See a replay of Argus Leader Media's weekly live music show, Link Live, this week featuring Sioux Falls musician Dan Mahar. The show features original music, hosted by Jay Kirschenmann at Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
Watch a replay of Argus Leader Media's weekly live music show, Link Live, this week featuring the original music of Thomas Hentges of Sioux Falls. Host Jay Kirschenmann.
Todd Jerentowski performs original songs on Link Live from Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
See a replay of Argus Leader Media's weekly live music show, Link Live, this week featuring Soiux Falls singer-songwriter Toby Kane and host Jay Kirschenmann.
Watch a replay of Sioux Falls singer/songwriter Rich Rislov as he plays on Argus Leader Media's weekly Friday music show, Link Live, live from Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
Replay: Link Live with Holly VandenBerg
Watch a replay of the Sept. 19, 2014, installment of Link Live featuring long-time Sioux Falls musicians The Cartwright Brothers.
Watch a replay of Argus Leader Media's weekly live music show, Link Live, this week featuring Sioux Falls singer/songwriter Darren Matthes. Hosted by Jay Kirschenmann for five years, the show is at Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
Watch a Link Live replay with Nate Perkins playing his original music.
Hear Aubrey Bohl of SIoux Falls play original songs on the Argus Leader's five-year-old music show, Link LIve, with host Jay Kirschenmann.
Singer/songwriter Kyle Knutson performs original songs on Link Live at Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
Watch a replay of Link Live with Every Breath.
Watch Link Live with Xavier Pastrano of High Wine.
Link Live with Audri Vargas, a.k.a. Audrianna, at Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
Vocalist Kayleen Sanchez and lute player Laudon Schuett perform on Link Live at Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
Replay: The Tinderbox on Link Live June 13, 2014.
Listen as David Smith plays for Link Live at Carnaval Brazilian Grill in Sioux Falls.
Watch a replay of Link Live with Rachelle Hope and her band with host Jay Kirschenmann at Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
Watch Link Live with Jordan Hult hosted by Jay Kirschenmann.
Chris Champion plays on Link Live at Carnaval Brazilian Grill in Sioux Falls.
Watch a replay of Link Live with Jay Kirschenmann playing along with Jonathan Konz.
Watch a replay of Link Live with Laura Pulscher from the four-season porch at the Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
Kyle Knutson plays Link Live on Friday March 28, 2014, at Carnaval Brazilian Grill. Host Jay Kirschenmann helps viewers learn about Kyle's musical past, present and future.
Sioux Falls band Signs of Life plays original music on Argus Leader Media's weekly show, Link Live.
Aaron Booth and Nathan Lippert of The Business, Man, play their original songs on Argus Leader Media's Link Live, the weekly live music show from Carnaval Brazilian Grill.
School officials are getting creative when they announce school is closed, releasing parody songs about ice and snow on YouTube. Shannon Rae Green shares the hilarious clips.
Argus Leader Media's weekly live music show Link Live with Jeff Thomson and Kevin Gross, joining host Jay Kirschenmann.
Russ Borchardt, owner of Crossroads Book and Music, talks about some promising new Christian/gospel and pop CDs from Mannheim Steamroller, Phillips, Craig & Dean and Sidewalk Prophets.
David Peterson plays on Link Live at Carnival Brazillian Grille.
Jordan Holt, a singer-songwriter plays lyric-driven acoustic songs written from a folk-rock influence.
Mat d of Sioux City, Iowa, plays guitar and sings his original songs on Argus Leader Media's weekly Link Live show.
Taylor Johnson of Sioux Falls plays his original music live on Argus Leader Media's weekly show Link Live, hosted by Jay Kirshenmann.
Singer-songwriter Weston Frank performs live at Carnaval Brazilian Grill during Argus Leader Media's weekly Link Live show with host Jay Kirschenmann.
Darin Kaihoi performs on Link Live woith hosts Jay Kirchenmann and Angela Tewalt.
Watch a replay of Argus Leader Media's Link Live with rocker Kevin Washburn.
Link Live features Los Angeles artist Adam Cullen. Cullen is a South Dakota native.
Watch a replay of The Business, Man on Link Live at Carnaval Brazilian Grill on March 31, 2013.
Justin Bieber was caught on film on Friday losing his temper with a member of the paparazzi while leaving his temporary London residence.
Watch Heather Boysen describe her 16 years at JazzFest and talk about prospects for this year's event.
Singer Robbie Williams pulls out of London's summer games closing ceremony due to the impending birth of his first child.
Editor's Picks
Local Weather
Sioux Falls, SD
Friday
73°/45°
Saturday
62°/54°
Sunday
71°/55°
Monday
72°/54°We got our hands on some gorgeous photos of Robert Buckley shirtless in various pairs of boxers and briefs for a photo shoot he did for DNR magazine. Alright, ladies, brace yourself, because Robert also answered a few important questions for the magazine.
So how does the young stud feel about being shirtless all the time on Lipstick?
"It’s flattering, and it makes me laugh. I’ll take being objectified over doing PowerPoint presentations any day."
On his job as an economic consultant before acting:
 just how little he knew about fashion prior to his fame:
"
And the important one... in a world full of tight jeans demanding briefs... boxers or briefs?
“But boxers are so comfortable for lounging. I’m a big lounger. It’s fun getting dressed up for events, but given my druthers, I’m home with a movie and some friends and some takeout.”
And now the rest of the pictures from the shoot (click to expand):Lions offensive tackle Jason Fox back at practiceAfter practice, coach John Fox said the same thing. About Thursday, at least. "I thought he looked fine,'' Fox said. I was on the wrong day, I'll move over a column,'' Fox said with a smile. "Full .'' But before even seconds had passed and Twitter had exp… (more)Source:
detnews.com
-
Fox confirms Peyton will practice on ThursdayAfter news broke that Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning missed practice Wednesday with an ankle injury, we reported that Manning would practice Thursday and play Sunday. After practice, coach John Fox said the same thing. About Thursday, at least. “He’…Source:
profootballtalk.com
Related Articles
Related Teams
News by topic
Video
News and Media Relations resources
Third floor Mrak Hall
University of California, Davis
One Shields Avenue
Davis, CA 95616
(530) 752-1930
News for Faculty and Staff
2.6.2014
By Dateline staff
Brenda Diaz, closest to the camera, uses a flashlight to draw a heart, captured in the air by slow-speed photography. Diaz, a fourth-year student, majoring in sociology (social services), is pictured with three of her Alpha Pi Sigma sorority sisters, from left: fourth-year Adriana Guerrero, majoring in English; fourth-year Yadira Raya Cervantes, majoring in neurobiology, physiology and behavior; and third-year Yesenia Salazar, also majoring in NPB. Alpha Pi Sigma is organizing the Battle Heart Disease Fair, to be held after the giant heart formation on UC Wears Red Day, this Friday (Feb. 7). (Gregory Urquiaga/UC Davis)
Video (40 sec)
Videography by AggieTV
UPDATE 1 p.m. Feb. 6: The world record-breaking attempt for largest heart formation is still on, rain or shine, on the Hutchison IM Field, 11:30 a.m. Friday (Feb. 7). Be there!
•••
UC Davis is good for the heart, physically and symbolically.
For examples of the latter, consider our heartwarming gesture for pediatric patients and their teddy bears, and an attempt to make the world’s largest heart formation — both happening this Friday (Feb. 7), UC Davis Wears Red Day.
Chancellor Linda P.B. Katehi designated the special day to coincide with National Wear Red Day, the first Friday of every February, American Heart Month — a time to raise awareness of heart disease as the No. 1 killer in the United States, and to focus on prevention.
The Davis campus is hosting the heart formation, hoping for a turnout of 12,000 people to beat the 4-year-old Guinness World Record of 11,166. Students, staff, faculty and community members should start gathering at 11:30 a.m. on the Hutchison Intramural Field between La Rue Road and the west entry parking garage.
Afterward, everyone’s invited to the student-organized Battle Heart Disease Fair in The Pavilion at the ARC, from 1 to 4 p.m.
Earlier that day, the Build-a-Bear Workshop will visit the UC Davis Children’s Hospital in Sacramento. The children will select hearts for their bears, and UC Davis surgeons and medical students will sew up the bears after the hearts are put in place. (A patient’s father made the bear event happen, raising more than $1,800 in a week via an online fundraising site.)
And everywhere you look on both campuses, you are likely to see people in red, including UC Davis’ special T-shirts (featuring the outline of a heart, in white, on the front). More than 4,000 had been sold as of Feb. 3.
We’ve got special red dresses, too, not for sale, but as another way to raise awareness, especially among young women who may think they are immune from heart disease. This is the fifth annual Red Dress collection to come from UC Davis design students.
You can see many of the dresses, dating back to 2010, during an evening event Feb. 7. Chancellor Katehi is hosting The Power of Red: Cocktails & Couture as a fundraiser for the UC Davis Women's Cardiovascular Medicine Program and the Department of Design.
Guinness World Record
Battle Heart Disease Fair, organized by the Alpha Pi Sigma sorority
The Power of Red: Cocktails & Couture
UC Davis heart T-shirts
UC Davis Health System.
The Heart Truth (National Institutes of Health)
Go Red for Women (American Heart Association)
Men and Heart Disease (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention)
Follow Dateline UC Davis on Twitter.
Copyright © The Regents of the University of California, Davis campus. All Rights Reserved.Ownership of U.S. petroleum refineries has changed significantly since 2000
Note: All U.S. refiners (and U.S. affiliates of foreign-based refiners) are included in this figure. The data are reported as of January 1 of the indicated year..
Note: Arrows indicate individual refinery transactions, e.g., capacity.
Principal contributor: Neal Davis
Today in Energy, published every weekday, brings you short, timely articles with graphics on energy facts, issues, and trends. Questions, comments, story suggestions? Email us at todayinenergy@eia.gov.Exams are over, I have saved a lot of money this year, my blog is running, so what’s next? a vacation of course.
I will be heading to Jamaica next Tuesday for one week, but do not fear because I will go online a few times and try to post a few articles on my blog. The posting schedule will obviously be altered a bit but quality posts will still be up! To keep up with the vacation theme today’s article explains how ANYONE can afford a fabulous vacation down south. Especially considering the fact that prices of normal goods like all inclusive vacations decrease during a recession.
I’m tired of people always saying, “must be nice” every time I go away on my winter vacations down south. The reason I’m tired of hearing this is the fact that everyone and anyone can afford to go on a vacation every year. It does not matter how much money you make as long as you have the proper discipline and patience. Let me break it down, on average an all inclusive vacation down south to a resort in the Dominican Republic, Cuba, or Mexico will cost you about $1000 in the winter. Granted, obviously if you decide to treat yourself like royalty and go to a 5 star in Jamaica you will probably need to shell out at least $1500. Granted, if you are someone who is just looking to relax on the beach all week and get drunk at night then you can go to Cuba where prices on average tend to be cheaper. Also if you plan on going during the peak seasons (December or Feb/March) then you may pay a bit more.
However, with all things being equal let’s just assume that a vacation down south will cost you roughly $1000. Right away people will look at this number and think that it is a lot of money and you go to be rich to afford it. This is in fact NOT true at all. Notice that earlier in the article I mentioned that you must be patient. If you are willing to be patient then here’s how you can afford an all inclusive vacation. Every week put away $20, that’s right, just twenty bucks. Let’s be honest $20 a week is nothing and in fact it is what we would most likely spend on junk food, coffee, and all kinds of other useless stuff. At the end of every week take $20 and put into a savings account, or give it someone to hold for you, or even place it a safe spot in your room. Most of us will not notice twenty bucks every week, and in fact at the most we would have to sacrifice is some junk food or a couple of beers at a Night Club. Now to make it even simpler let’s look at the math.
$20 X 52 weeks in a year= $1040
There you go, all it takes is 20$ a week and every year you will be able to get away from the dreadful Canadian winter to enjoy yourself in a beautiful warm country with all the food and alcohol you can handle. Then when you come back from your amazing vacation you will have that annoying friend tell you, “it must be nice.” To which you will respond, “yes it is.”
I understand your point completely but the goal of this article is to show young people the “bigger picture” and more specifically how far you could actually stretch $20. Granted everyone is in a unique situation when it comes to finances and we have all made different choices. Some of us have our education costs covered and work part time for entertainment money while others acquire everything with credit cards.
I am just trying to show those people who spend $20 a week on lattes, beers, pizza, etc. that by holding back a bit you could stretch the money pretty far. Everyone has different wages and different hours they are able to work so it is extremely difficult to write an article that is applicable to every single person.
As always this is just my opinion and I respect your opinion and the opinions of all of my readers.
I’m not sure I personally have a bitter taste in my mouth when it comes to Cuba, I would certainly like to visit there, if the law didn’t prevent me.
I don’t want to be a pain, but I question your numbers. $20 a week is an actual burden for some college students. Of course, that’s likely because of the decisions we made when picking school (public vs. private universities, community college or not, luck of the draw when it comes to parents and financial aid…). Still, $20 a week is 3-4 hours of work for me, meaning it’s 20% of what I make. I am probably not the only one that can’t give up 20% for a vacation.
Cuba is on the very top of my list. Unfortunately, it can be hard to get to thanks to the embargo and flying via Canada or Mexico can add to the cost significantly.
I totally agree: take a vacation even if you’re poor. The experience is worth it. Just figure out a way to do it without going into debt.
Friends always ask me how can a guy who’s so focused on saving money go traveling so often? The answer is simple, I save money where I can so that I have money to invest and to enjoy my life. If you can make it through your 20s with a decent amount of savings and life experiences then all the power to you.DETROIT -- Bill Self, who led Kansas to the national championship last year and had the Jayhawks back in the title hunt this season, is The Associated Press' college basketball coach of the year.
Self, who will be presented the award later Friday,..Images: 6th Battalion, 37th FA Regiment conducts live-fire qualification training [Image 4 of 5]
Photo by Staff Sgt. Carlos Davis
Soldiers from B Battery, 6th Battalion, 37th Field Artillery Regiment, 210th Field Artillery Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division conduct a live-fire qualification exercise at Rocket Valley near Cheolweon, South Korea, Jan. 28, 2014. 4 of 5], by SSG Carlos Davis, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Date Taken:01.28.2014
Date Posted:01.29.2014 20:51
Photo ID:1157948
VIRIN:140128-A-WV398-019
Resolution:4496x3000
Size:3.78 MB
Location:CHEOLWEON, KR
Gallery Images
Options
Margie Blok.
Freshwater
Margie Blok At Freshwater on the northern beaches, the market has been on a roll for the past few months due to solid demand from young families and professionals wanting a relaxed beachside lifestyle.>With the coming of autumn as the leaves begin to fall, the “good bones” or structure of the garden are shown at their best, much of which depends on the choice of trees and shrubs.
In the Show Garden you will find:
Ilex verticillata ‘Winter Red’ (Winterberry). Stunning bright red berries produced in profuse quantities hold well into winterConcerns are at an all-time high for the safety and well-being of peacocks who call a former Houston landmark that’s about to be torn to the ground home.
Crews started the demolition process of the former Vargo’s Restaurant on Thursday. The restaurant closed last May, but since then, people in the area have worried about the 20 or so birds that were left behind.
“Mostly, it was that they'd been deserted, abandoned, and we didn't know what the plans were for them to be taken care of,” said Janelle Peyton who lives nearby.
People even appealed to the SPCA and the Houston Zoo for help.
The Houston Zoo went out and did an assessment on the animals, but told Local 2 the company developing the property never asked them to capture the birds.
The superintendent said Thursday that the peacocks have been “adopted” by a woman who lives nearby.
“She feeds them every night,” said James Bruner with Davis Brothers Construction. “They're well fed; they're well taken care of. They're not running away from us. They're not running away from anyone here.”
Crews say it will take about 10 days to tear down the building and clear the land. Throughout it all, the peacocks will be keeping a watchful eye.There are two tutorials here (Very first 2 threads):
Hey guys anyone knows what is best program to use so i can make my own skin for RR. Thanks
Ride Runner RR's Myspace
"Being happy is not about having what you want, it's about wanting what you have."
"The best things in life are always free - but that doesn't mean money can't buy you good things."
BookmarksTips from Mayor Bloomberg
Congratulations to all involved in pulling off such an event – the planners, the marshalls, the speakers, the band, the Clef Hangars, concession workers, security workers, ushers and on and on…
And congratulations to all the graduates and their families.
And a big THANK YOU to my son Ryan for a fabulous Mothers Day.
New York City’s Mayor Bloomberg, gave the “official” graduation speech and got down to business right away, yelling into the microphone “TAR”. His audience readily responded with an even louder “HEEL”. After three rounds of that, he explained that he chose to start that way because if he had started with”Rah Rah Carolina-lina, rah rah Carolina-lina, rah rah Carolina-lina” he knew that…
And he was right. Before he could even finish the last “lina”, there was a thunderous “GO TO HELL DUKE” from the Carolina blue clad end zone.
Mayor Bloomberg said he wanted his speech to be different from any other and so had decided to ‘Slow Jam the Commencement Address’ but couldn’t convince Bradford Marsalis to do it with him. (An inside joke referring to Barack Obama’s Slow Jam while on campus a few weeks ago.)
Still determined to make his speech memorable, he said he ” did a lot of research to put me fully into the UNC groove”. That morning he had climbed the bell tower, sat on the Davie Poplar Bench, drank out of the Old Well and managed not to trip on bricks. Plus he had challenged Chancellor Thorp to a Rubik’s Cube contest, joined a Flash Rave at the Library and “watched – but did not join – a group of streakers run across the Pit into the UL and then sing the alma mater”.
Bloomberg spoke of light and liberty – celebrating progress of the past, yet setting the bar higher for the future. Identifying gaps to be closed. Urging graduates to use their gifts and talents to make a positive difference in the world.
How could they do that? Bloomberg said graduates simply needed to remember a few things they had already learned by watching Carolina basketball.
Using basketball language, he went through typical graduation tips like get to work early, stay late, support and assist your teammates, help others, out hustle the competition, know that you must occasionally use your elbows, take risks, follow your heart, go with your gut and love what you do. All really great stuff. As he spoke about each tip, sharing personal stories and famous quotes to support each one, I began to wonder how in the world anyone would be able to remember these words of wisdom.
He soon summarized his tips “in no particular order.”
- Teamwork is everything
- Assist others
- Risks are necessary
Here he stopped to say, “Hmm the first three letters of those words are T, A, R. I wonder where this is going. “
- Hustle always
- Elbows occasionally have to be used
- Education is a lifelong journey
- Love what you do
“And if you put that list together, it of course spells Tar – Heel”.
He had given the graduates 7 good tips. All good for good business as well.
In addition, he demonstrated several more good tips for good business, two of which I’ll share here.
- Know your audience/customers. Read about them. Listen to them. Walk in their shoes. Or at least on the paths where their heels have trod.
- Help people (employees, customers, prospects) remember your message…by using an acronym, a slogan, posters…anything to make your message stick. Like tar on heels.
The tenth tip – came during Bloomberg’s closing as he reminded graduates that things wouldn’t always be smooth and easy. And like all the others, his tip for tough times had to do with Tar heel memories.
.”
10 good tips from Mayor Bloomberg. Good for graduates. Good for business.
Walk in their heels. Stick like tar. TAR HEEL. And when in doubt, remember Carolina blue skies.
__________________
Watch Bloomberg’s speech below.Unified Tax API has moved to api.edoceo.com/#tax.
Unified Tax makes it easy to discover the necessary sales-tax rate and regulations in a given location in the United States.
That's it, Unified Tax is a centralised, easy to use sales tax lookup and API.
The Sales Tax laws for the United States are very complicated and interfere with inter-state commerce, this tools aims to ease the burden on businesses for keeping track of this data while Congress continues to debates the issue.Performances To Grow On Annonces Field Trip Performances For Schools
True Story of the 3 Little Pigs
Children made to live without the arts are inevitably poorer for it. This is why every young person, without exception should be given access to the study of the arts, not to become artists, but to be better educated-Charles Fowler, former head of the US Office of Education
Performances To Grow On will offer educational performances as field trips in the upcoming school year, 2012-2013 for elementary,middle and high schools throughout Ventura County. . The offering includes theater, music, dance, storytelling and science featuring award winning companies from around the world. Each performance comes with a detailed study guide designed to help teachers extend the concepts in the performance to the curriculum. Discounts are available for Title I schools. All of the performances take place at the Thousand Oaks Civic Arts Plaza except for the the Ojai Storytelling Festival which takes place at Libbey Bowl. Performances at the Fred Kavli Theatre in Thousand Oaks are $8.50 for groups of 10 or more, and $12 for individuals. Performances at the Scherr Forum Theatre are $9 for groups of 10 or more and $14 for individuals. The Ojai Storytelling Festival tickets are $6.50 if purchased before March 1. Tickets are available by phone at 805-646-8907 or online at. Seat location is based on when the orders are paid in full. The complete lineup is as follows:
Same great prices:
Scherr Forum: $9 for groups, $14 for individuals
Fred Kavli: $8.50 for groups, $12 for individuals except for 1776 and Huckleberry Finn
The Man Who Planted Trees
Grades 2-6
Oct. 19 @ the Scherr Forum Theatre, 11 am
This is a show not to be missed!
Hear the wind, feel the rain, smell the lavender and laugh with Dog in this multi-sensory theatrical delight. Based on Jean Giono's classic novel, this play is. This uplifting and unforgettable story shows us the difference one man (and his dog!) can make to the world.
1776/Cabrillo Musical Theatre
Oct. 24 @ the Fred Kavli Theatre
$10 for groups of 10 or more, $18 for singles, 90 minutes in length
History will come alive for your students with Cabrillo Music Theatre's fabulous production of 1776. Join Benjamin Franklin, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson and many other historical characters as they attempt to convince the members of the second Continental Congress to vote for independence by signing the Declaration of Independence. Live music, a great set,colorful costumes and skilled actors will put a human face on the pages of history in this Tony Award-Winning musical.
Stone Soup/Pushcart Players
Jan. 29 at 9:30 and 11:15 @ the Scherr Forum Theatre
Without a doubt, this familiar brew of favorites will delight your students. A charming, well-seasoned blend, these carefully selected folk tales from around the world support the literacy movement's emphasis on the joy of reading. Dynamic, participatory and filled with zesty entertainment, "Stone Soup..." is on the gourmet "not to be missed" list of young viewers!
Little Red Riding Hood and Other Fabulous Tales/Pushcart Players
Jan. 30 @ 9:30 and 11:15 @the Scherr Forum Theatre
Here is an enchanting collection of classic tales - Little Red Riding Hood, The Emperor's New Clothes, The.
Watch the wonder and magic of live theatre cast its spell on very young viewers as they journey into the imaginary world of Little Red Riding Hood and other Once Upon A Time favorites!
Jazz Reach
Feb. 8 at 9:30 and 11:15 @ the Scherr Forum
Here's a jazz show with animation, narration and great music for elementary all the way to high school. Two different shows are offered: Hanging with the Giants is for Grade 1-4, and Big Drum, Small World works best for grades 4+. Each show features New York's finest jazz players, an engaging narrator, and images projected to create a stellar production introducing students to the jazz in a totally fun way. From the Lincoln Center to venues across the nation, Jazz Reach is about making jazz fun for students.
A Brown Bear, A Moon and A Caterpillar: Treasured Stories by Eric Carle/ Mermaid Theatre of Nova Scotia
Feb. 12 @ 10 am at the Fred Kavli Theatre
Mermaid's much-anticipated new production, A Brown Bear, A Caterpillar And A Moon: Treasured Stories By Eric Carle, will bring together old favorites and new friends. Featuring evocative music, stunning visual effects and innovative puppetry, the triple-bill highlights three of Eric Carle's most beloved tales.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar (veteran of more than 2000 performances), is joined by a whimsical cast of adventurous animals drawn from the pages of Brown Bear, Brown Bear What Do You See? The poignant story of a young girl's unusual quest, Papa Please Get The Moon For Me, completes an hour-long performance, which both entertains and educates.
"A quiet delight... brought to memorable life." - Los Angeles Times
The True Story of the Three Little Pigs/Dallas Children's Theatre
Feb. 22 at 9:30 and 11:15 @ the Fred Kavli Theatre
Grades 2-6
Based on the hilariously popular book, the play begins where the book leaves off, with the trial of a much-maligned citizen of the piggy public. Alexander T. Wolf is defends himself claiming he didn't kill anyone, but it looks as though the piggy world is against him. After all, he is a carnivore to the core, but is he!
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn/Classical Theatre of Canada
Feb. 28 at 10 am at the Fred Kavli theatre
Grades 6+, 1 hr and 45 minutes
$10 for groups of 10 or more, $18 individuals.Dare.
Trout Fishing In America
March 22 at 9:30 @ the Scherr Forum Lennon and McCartney of kids' music." – National Public Radio
Skippyjon Jones/TheatreworksUSA
April 12 @ 9:30 and 11:15 @ the Scherr Forum Theatre
Grades K-3.
Ojai Storytelling Festival
May 2 @ Ventura High @ 9:30 (Primary) and 11:15 (Grades 4-12)
May 3@Libbey Bowl, 9:30(primary) and 11:15(grades 4-12)
Need Help? Call us at 1-877-710-6182.
Monday-Friday: 6am-3pm / Saturday: 6:30am-10:30am / Sunday: 7am-11amCassini caught this glimpse of Saturn's second largest moon, 1,528 kilometer (949 mile) wide Rhea on Aug. 16, 2004. Notable in the image is a brightening near the terminator.
The image was taken in visible light with the Cassini spacecraft narrow angle camera at a distance of 8.5 million kilometers (5.3 million miles) from Rhea and at a Sun-Rhea-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 86 degrees. The image scale is 51 kilometers (32 miles) per pixel. The image has been enhanced,.- This event has passed.
MUSIC: Alma Gitana band, Headley Whitney
November 16, 2013 @ 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Event Navigation
in Central Kentucky. The museum will not only showcase the two-dimensional works by Helene Steene, but will also host one event per month dedicated to the community’s “echoes” or responses to Helene’s work created by other visual artists, musicians, literary figures, and dancers.Ice-tethered devices are helping researchers collect more data on the Arctic Ocean.March 26, 2015
Lawrence Susskind talks about the unprecedented policy issues emerging in the Arctic as melting sea ice opens up new opportunities for deep-sea mining and drilling.June 18, 2014
While the Arctic Ocean is largely a carbon sink, researchers find parts are also a source of atmospheric carbon dioxide.December 4, 2013
Discovery of feedback between sea ice and ocean improves Arctic ice extent forecast.November 21, 2012
MIT researchers have built a model that will be further developed as part of an NSF-funded project to track how chemicals get to remote Arctic environments.September 10, 2012
The most recent global climate report fails to capture the reality of the changing Arctic seascape, according to MIT researchers.August 10, 2011Admiral David L. McDonald, USNRead the rest at The Art of Manliness. I know I said I was gone but couldn't resist popping back in to share this wonderful story..
Thursday, December 23, 2010
How One Sailor Saved Christmas for Eighteen People
Wonderful story.Thank you for all you do to bring light to the darkness.I treasure this site.Sleep Apnea: Mechanism and Cerebrovascular Consequences
This study has been withdrawn prior to enrollment.
(This study of the overall grant was not pursued as the aims were changed)
Sponsor:
Information provided by:
Department of Veterans Affairs
ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier:
NCT00108602
First received: April 15, 2005
Last updated: August 1, 2008
Last verified: August 2008"Daniel" <tdaniel@adetti.net> > > XHTML has little support in the real world, > > IE 5+, IE5 does not support application/xhtml+xml, it also only supports XHTML sent as text/html by virtue of its very liberal parser. (simply look at a serialisation of IE's DOM by javascript:alert(document.documentElement.outerHTML) or similar) you'll see it's an HTML interpretation, not an XHTML one. > Netscape6+, Mozilla 1, Opera 6+, Lynx 2, all Gecko browsers... > All these and more support XHTML. Netscape 6+, Mozilla and Gecko support it - aren't they the same browser? So yes, 3 browsers out of the 20+ still in development is a pretty poor support by any yardstick I use. > That counts as "little support"? With all > due respect, please explain what qualifies for acceptable support? Well IE support would be required as a minimum, IE and Mozilla cope with any old crap, don't mistake "rendering any old crap" with "supporting XHTML" Jim.Received on Friday, 6 December 2002 12:14:47 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 20:16:17 UTCArizona Proposition 101 (1974)
From Ballotpedia
The measure, according to the text of the proposal, related to the recall of state officials and recall elections The text of the measure states that the formal title of the bill given by the Arizona Legislature was Senate Concurrent Resolution 1022.[1]
Election results
Results via the Official Canvass of 1974 Results
Text of measure
Official title
Descriptive title
Full text
The full text of the legislation proposed by this proposition is available here.
Support
Arguments in favor of this measure can be found here.
Opposition
Arguments in opposition to this measure can be found here.
See also
References
- ↑ Arizona Secretary of State, "Canvass of 1974 election results," accessed June 27, 2012
- ↑ Cite error: Invalid
<ref>tag; no text was provided for refs named
TEXT
- ↑ 3.0 3.1 Note: This text is quoted verbatim from the original source. Any inconsistencies are attributed to the original source.There is no venue in New York City that has the potential creative flexibility that the Armory possesses. At a time when artists are searching for unconventional spaces and initiating large-scale mixed media projects, the Armory would fill a huge void in the City.
- Harvey Lichtenstein, President Emeritus, BAM
Park Avenue Armory’s Artist-in-Residence program hopes to offer artists a location within which they can research, create and develop individual projects, but also aims for residents to integrate with the overall cultural initiative taking place within the building.
The Armory offers a limited number of temporary artistic residencies annually. These residencies are by curatorial invitation only, and are predominantly for rehearsal and project development. Each residency involves at least one “open showing” or “artist talk” within the Armory, and all resident artists are asked to participate in the Armory’s education program.
Armory residencies are most appropriately suited to Performing and Media artists. However, artists working in a visual art are considered based on appropriate facilities and spaces available.
Major support for the Artists-in-Residence program provided by The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation.Keeping traffic moving during construction is a top priority at WSDOT, but there are several other factors that are considered when planning our highway construction projects.
While working on the highway, WSDOT and our private sector contractors must:
Highway construction projects are complex and it’s not easy to meet all of these goals. Our project engineers and contractors are experienced and do their best to find workable solutions to address competing interests. However, meeting all of these goals is a difficult balancing act.top
Permits or other permissions are required for roadway construction and special event closures. On freeways and many state highways, WSDOT has the authority to approve closures. On local streets and some state highways, cities and counties have the authority to approve closures. Law enforcement officials and some emergency responders can also authorize closures for emergencies and incidents. Local noise variances are often required when we need to conduct noisy construction work and may limit working hours for noisy work.
The state, counties and cities typically set limitations on construction closures to help keep people and goods moving, but we also allow construction contractors significant flexibility so they can complete construction work.top
Constructing highway projects is a complex process. WSDOT and our contractors use our best skills and experience to manage variable conditions like weather, skilled labor availability, underground soil conditions driver behavior; traffic; incidents; equipment and materials availability; and neighboring residents and businesses. However, there is always some risk involved in any major construction project. Severely limiting closures and enforcing more stringent advance notice requirements would tie our contractors’ hands and effectively force them to request closures that would accommodate worst case scenarios. This would decrease the accuracy of our construction closure information, reduce our ability to realistically plan and manage construction closures, reduce contractors’ ability to respond to variable conditions and increase costs and timelines for our projects. WSDOT and our construction contractors do our best to anticipate and manage traffic risks and balance the need for construction closure flexibility with the need for advance notice.top
Construction closure schedule estimates become more accurate as the closure date approaches. However, the estimates remain fluid until the last minute due to the variable nature of roadway construction. Despite uncertainties, we work with our contractors to refine closure estimates and strategically manage and coordinate closures on an ongoing basis. Our construction traffic management efforts can start years before construction begins, particularly for complex projects.Often years before a contractor has been hired, WSDOT is strategizing and coordinating about ways we can reduce effects on traffic while building a project. Our design engineers consider construction traffic impacts and coordinate with local communities in the early phases of their work.
As construction approaches, contractors typically propose plans which summarize how they plan to keep traffic moving during construction and sets general parameters for construction closures within the limitations WSDOT included in our agreement with the contractor. These plans include: times, locations and types of closures allowed during various phases of construction; restrictions like Seahawks or Mariner’s games or major holidays; incentives if they complete work and get highways open to traffic faster than planned and disincentives if they keep highway lanes closed longer than planned. WSDOT must review and approve the plans, which then allow the contractor to manage their work within clear parameters while maintaining flexibility to adjust their work as needed.
As construction proceeds, contractors work closely with WSDOT staff on an ongoing basis to discuss estimated upcoming traffic impacts and approaches. Contractors typically must provide WSDOT more definitive and specific information about their construction closures on the Thursday that precedes the closure – a minimum of a week before the closure occurs.
Despite all of the advance planning and contingency planning, construction crews sometimes must adjust their traffic closures at the last second in response to surprises – for example, unexpectedly wet weather or equipment break-downs. WSDOT works closely with our contractors during these situations.top
WSDOT and our contractors do a lot of construction at night. However that’s not always the best option. Here are a few of the reasons why:2002-07-16 Jay Rogers <jay@rgrs.com> * Version 3.03 released. * Telnet.pm (getlines): Changed behavior so it works like IO::Handle::getlines(). Instead of returning just the lines currently available for reading, it now returns all lines until end-of-file. To get the old behavior, use "All => ''" named parameter. * Telnet.pm (put): New method put() is like print(), except that it doesn't write the trailing output_record_separator ("\n"). It also takes named parameters. * Telnet.pm (last_prompt): New method last_prompt() provides the last prompt matched by cmd() or login(). * Telnet.pm (rs): New method rs() is synonymous with input_record_separator(). * Telnet.pm (ors): New method ors() is synonymous with output_record_separator. * Telnet.pm (ofs): New method ofs() is synonymous with output_field_separator(). * Telnet.pm (input_log, output_log, option_log): Fixed so they always return the filehandle of the logfile or "" if logging turned-off. * Telnet.pm (dump_log, input_log, option_log, output_log): Fixed so they work with an unblessed or tied filehandle. * Telnet.pm (cmd_remove_mode, errmode, input_record_separator) (max_buffer_length, option_callback, port, prompt, timeout): These attribute methods now ignore an invalid argument and print a warning to stderr. This also applies to a named parameter used to override one of these attributes. * Telnet.pm (cmd): Added named parameters to override Errmode, and Input_record_separator. * Telnet.pm (get, waitfor): Added named parameters to override Binmode, Errmode, and Telnetmode. * Telnet.pm (getline, getlines): Added named parameters to override Binmode, Errmode, Input_record_separator, and Telnetmode. * Telnet.pm (login, open): Added named parameter to override Errmode. * Telnet.pm (login): Added two 0.01 second delays to workaround bug in Linux login program. * Telnet.pm (break): Fixed to properly send TELNET break command. * Telnet.pm (open): Fixed to properly handle an absolute timeout value. * Telnet.pm: Squelched the warning "isn't numeric" caused by deficiency in ActiveState perl and MS-Windows. * t/select.t: Fixed test #3 so it passes when running on Linux 2.4 or greater. 2000-05-27 Jay Rogers <jay@rgrs.com> * Version 3.02 released. * Telnet.pm: Squelched the warning "Ambiguous call resolved as CORE::open()" introduced by perl5.005 * Telnet.pm: Fixed incorrect handling of CR LF when chars are sent in separate blocks. * Telnet.pm: Modified log routines to accept a tied filehandle. * Telnet.pm (get): Fixed to correctly set timed_out() to indicate no time-out error when data is not immediately available but subsequently arrives and is read before the time-out interval expires. * Telnet.pm (get): Fixed timeout error when timeout=0, and no data read, but there's still data in the buffer yet to be returned. * Telnet.pm (get): Errmode action now happens when timeout=0 and time-out occurs. 1997-12-27 Jay Rogers <jay@rgrs.com> * Version 3.01 released. * Telnet.pm (binmode): calling binmode() without an argument no longer sets binmode to 1, but rather just returns the current value for binmode. * Telnet.pm (telnetmode): calling telnetmode() without an argument no longer sets telnetmode to 1, but rather just returns the current value for telnetmode. * Telnet.pm (cmd): Removes the first line of output when the remote side told us it would echo or the user requests its removal explicitly with cmd_remove_mode() * Telnet.pm (cmd_remove_mode): New method that contains the mode for how to deal with an echoed back command in the output returned by cmd(). Default is set to "auto", which means cmd() removes the first line of output when the remote side told us it would echo. * Telnet.pm (new): By default, an offer to echo made by the remote side of a TELNET connection is always accepted. * Telnet.pm (new): Fixed default prompt to work with prompts containing $ * Telnet.pm (fhopen): Changed to work with any open filehandle including uni-directional pipes like STDIN. * Telnet.pm (host): When passed a null string or undef for a hostname it no longer changes it to "localhost". * Telnet.pm (waitfor): Now performs error mode action when eof is encountered before the pattern match. * Telnet.pm (waitfor): Changed text of error messages when timing-out. * Telnet.pm (login): Changed text of error messages when timing-out. * Telnet.pm: Fixed non-portable use of \r\n to the more portable \015\012. * Telnet.pm (break): Fixed to no longer send the output_record_separator. * Telnet.pm: Stopped erroneously converting input character sequences which look like TELNET escaped carriage-returns (\015\000), when not in telnetmode. * Telnet.pm (buffer): New method that returns scalar reference to object's input buffer. * Telnet.pm (buffer_empty): New method that discards all data in object's input buffer. * Telnet.pm (option_accept): New method used to indicate our willingness to accept a telnet option offered by the remote side. * Telnet.pm (option_callback): New method used to receive notification of telnet option negotiation. * Telnet.pm (option_log): New method that is used to log option negotiation. * Telnet.pm (option_state): New method that returns the current state of a telnet option.NFL notebook: Cowboys LB Lee suffers knee injury
Steelers/NFL Videos
Oft-injured Cowboys linebacker Sean Lee didn't make it through the first offseason practice without another setback in a career filled with them.
Lee (Upper St. Clair, Penn State) went down with a left knee injury during the team portion of what was supposed to be a noncontact workout Tuesday. Coach Jason Garrett said Lee was getting an MRI later in the day, but a source told ESPN that it is feared Lee suffered a torn ACL.
The fifth-year middle linebacker went to the ground with rookie offensive lineman Zack Martin on top of him and didn't get up right away. He had to be helped off the field by trainers.
The 27-year-old Lee has missed 15 of 32 games the past two seasons and never has played a full season in his four years in the league.
Mike Pouncey: No regrets
Dolphins center Mike Pouncey claims to have no regrets about last season's incidents in a bullying scandal in which an NFL-sanctioned investigator identified him and two teammates as principals involved.
Pouncey talked to reporters.”
The NFL is waiting for him to undergo a psychiatric evaluation before issuing any discipline. Pouncey said he does not need such an evaluation.
Manziel reports after Vegas trip
Johnny Manziel is back at work after a holiday weekend in Las Vegas. And when you're Johnny Football, what happens in Vegas doesn't necessarily stay in Vegas.
The Browns' rookie quarterback reported for organized team activities following a few days in Vegas, where he kicked off his summer by hanging poolside with Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski, attended a UFC fight and was captured on video spraying champagne on patrons in a nightclub.
And, according to Manziel, he found time to study his new playbook.
Around the league
The Ravens signed first-round draft choice C.J. Mosley, an All-American linebacker from Alabama. ... The Bengals reached deals with running back Jeremy Hill and defensive end Will Clarke (West Virginia), leaving cornerback Darqueze Dennard as their only unsigned draft pick. ... Ravens rookie running back Lorenzo Taliaferro was arrested over Memorial Day weekend and charged with breaking a taxi cab window, according to the Virginia
- Timetable for teams in L.A. could be moved up
- NFL notebook: Noted labor lawyer to aid with Brady appeal
- Starkey: NFL’s extra-point ‘debate’ a farceNotebook
Photo Album
7 / 500 Items
protograph
- He could just enjoy a abundant life when the he met a good year, but as long as the year had any bad climates he would live any hungry days.
- He could just enjoy a abundant life wWhen the harve mest was good, yhear, bcoutld enjoy as life ongf asbundance. But if the year had any badpoor climhatrvest, he would livsuffer many hungry days.
- 我改变了这个句子的结构：If A, then B. But if C, then D. 这种句子更对称。 遇到（一个人）的翻译是“met (a person)"。遇到（一个情况）的翻译是“met with (a situation)"
Aug 16, 2014 14:43Aug 16, 2014 14:43
protograph
- "What a terrific thing!" the farmer was so happy and brought it home for a nice dinner.
- "What a terrific thing!" thought the farmer. He was so happy, and brought it home for a nice dinner.
- 用引号表示一个人说或者想的事，需要一个说或者想的动词。
Aug 16, 2014 14:39Aug 16, 2014 14:39
Tessa (テッサ)
- Todya, we pay tribute to the strong,powerful,brave ,and most of all, the loveliest man.
- Today, we pay tribute to the strong, powerful, brave, and most of all, the loveliest most loved type of man.
Aug 10, 2014 15:42Aug 10, 2014 15:42
Sofantastic
- When the other people can taste your delicious food, seeing their beautiful smile, I am absolutely content with what I did, and what we have today.
- Seeing the beautiful smiles of others when they taste my delicious food makes me absolutely content with what I did, and with the experiences that we have shared together.*
- * I wasn't sure what you meant by "what we have today", so this is how I tried to interpret it.
Aug 9, 2014 20:28Aug 9, 2014 20:28
- I don't know at all, but as far as my traditional conceptss, parents should spent a lot of time on children's growth.
- I don't know at all, but as far as my traditional concepts go, parents should spend a lot of time on their children's growth development.
- Growth literally means becoming bigger or taller in this situation. Development is a better word because it carries with it the meaning of being healthy, happy, and stable.
Aug 9, 2014 19:21Aug 9, 2014 19:21
- I am willing to keep the idea that I can earn money as well as marry a good girl who deeply love me but not the money.
- I am willing to hold on to the idea that I can earn money as well as marry a nice girl who loves me me deeply for who I am.
Jan 15, 2011 22:46
Views of Money
- I had made some friends who always openly share with me since I had entered this website,there is nothing but being deeply grateful.
- I have made some friends who have shared with me honestly and continually since I had entered this website, and I am profoundly grateful (for their help / corrections).
adv
Dec 5, 2010 23:47
Letter of thanks
limji's Tags
..
Continue reading "U.S. high speed rail initiative slows to a halt" »The McDonald’s Cocaine Spoon Fiasco Withdrawn in 1979 - identified as 'cocaine paraphernalia'
The McDonald’s Cocaine Spoon Fiasco Withdrawn in 1979 - identified as 'cocaine paraphernalia'
Australia: Kevin Anderson – Conservative MP is unlikely cannabis crusader via @smh Supporting medical marijuana
South Africa: Medical cannabis legalisation calls receive new boost via @ewnupdates
Drug War Debate Divides Latin America, U.S. at OAS Summit - Bloomberg
Ombudsman Condemns the Closure of Needle Exchange in Budapest - Drugreporter
MT @DruglawPhd: Drug testing young people: "If your teens are not doing these things then they have nothing to fear."
Senator Rand Paul: Police militarization, war on drugs is 'out of control' via @q13fox
Washington, D.C., Voters Strongly Support Marijuana Legalization (HuffPo)
MT @TonyNewmanDPA: How Kofi Annan, Richard Branson and 7 Former Presidents Changed the Worldwide Debate on Drugs
Bolivia rejects U.S. allegations of anti-drug war failure via @globalpost
A mother talks about what it's like to see her son receive a 10-year mandatory minimum for drugs:
.@TerryBarnes72 @Kervanderv See for example alcohol: unauthorised licensable activities:
Interesting WIRED piece - The Dark Web Gets Darker With Rise of the ‘Evolution’ Drug Market
Uruguay didn't want to legalize #marijuana but did it anyway! via @insightcrime
ICYMI 'Health First - an evidence-based alcohol strategy for the UK' Alcohol Health Alliance UK
There's an open public session as part of the ACMD full council meeting next week, details here:
Medical Marijuana Legalisation in Australia Gains Support of PM Tony Abbott - International Business Times
'Brazil Militias Developing Ties with Drug Gangs' via @insightcrime Gangs bribing poorly paid militias
Mother of dead girl says Mexican troops executed 22 drug-gang suspects?Grade Range: 9-12Resource Type(s): Web LinkDate Posted: 9/11/2008.
To control the form of war messages, the government created the U.S. Office of War Information in...
primary, military, Johnson,, historical, century, religious, United, Immigration, culture, presidency, law, states, American, history, rights, folk, civil, moving, Lyndon, government
Support for Smithsonian's History Explorer is provided by the Verizon FoundationIndia’s Telecommunications Minister Kapil Sibal said the government expects to resolve its security concerns on third-generation video services soon..
India’s cabinet decided to invoke a constitutional provision under which President Pratibha Devisingh Patil can ask the Supreme Court to clarify some parts of its Feb. 2 order canceling 122 mobile-phone licenses.
India’s telecommunications commission approved increases in available wireless spectrum, sharing and trading of airwaves and steps to make it easier for mobile phone companies to buy rivals.
Vodafone Group Plc and Bharti Airtel Ltd. face an auction to keep using wireless spectrum in India that are set to expire in a year, a sale through which the government seeks to raise 400 billion rupees ($6.4 billion).
India lowered the amount it expects to collect from a levy on mobile-phone operators by as much as 110 billion rupees ($2 billion), a government official said after prices in the next spectrum auction were reduced.
India plans to make more spectrum available to mobile-phone operators, permit sharing and trading of airwaves and aid mergers as it aims to provide handsets to every villager in the world’s second-largest wireless market.
India’s Supreme Court canceled 122 mobile-phone permits whose sale in 2008 sparked the nation’s biggest corruption investigation and led to the jailing of a former minister.
Indian mobile-phone operators will have to pay more than 140 billion rupees ($2.5 billion) to buy wireless spectrum in an auction this year.
"I do not know exactly where the problem is."
- Kapil Sibal on Jun 09, 2013)
Double Room, 2 Double Beds, Refrigerator & MicrowaveMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Standard Room, 2 Queen BedsMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Motel motel. Free continental breakfast, free WiFi in public areas, and free self parking are also provided. Other amenities include free breakfast.
Room Amenities
All 50 rooms offer free WiFi, coffee makers, and cable TV.
- Total number of rooms - 50
- Express check-out
- Free WiFi
- Number of floors - 2
- Free self parking
- Free breakfast
- Spa tub
- Outdoor pool
Family Friendly Amenities
- Outdoor pool
- Free Wi-Fi
- Rollaway/extra beds available
Internet
Available in all rooms: Free WiFi
Available in some public areas: Free WiFi
Parking
Free self parking
Room Amenities
- Free WiFi
- Rollaway/extra beds available
- Connecting/adjoining rooms available
- Cable TV service
-).The big news coming out of baseball Thursday night was that Detroit Tigers slugger Miguel Cabrera had been re-signed to a 10-year, $292 million contract extension, the most expensive deal in the history of the sport. On the surface, the pact seems like lunacy on the part of the team’s general manager, Dave Dombrowski.
Cabrera has been the best hitter in baseball over the past nine years. Over the last four seasons, he won two American League Most Valuable Player Awards and three AL batting titles. But his gaudy offensive statistics overstate his value: He is a below-average fielder and baserunner. More important, Cabrera will turn 31 in April, meaning the Tigers will be paying him through age 40. Players are typically in decline by the time they hit their early 30s.
Baseball Prospectus’ PECOTA projection system expects Cabrera to generate about 35 more wins above replacement over the remainder of the contract (after rescaling BP’s value metric to the lower replacement level used more commonly by Baseball-Reference and Fangraphs). If the market rate for a single WAR was $6.5 million in 2014 (I split difference between this estimate and this estimate), and we add 5 percent in annual inflation to the cost of a win, Cabrera’s next 10 years will be worth about $275 million. By this rough math, the Tigers appear to have overpaid by something like $15 million to $20 million.
It’s also worth noting that Detroit already had Cabrera locked up through 2015 under his existing contract. The $234 million it’s paying him beyond that season will deliver just $204 million in value, according to PECOTA.
However, Dombrowski probably isn’t worried about the high likelihood that Cabrera will be overpaid (and vastly so) throughout the back half of this contract. Instead, he presumably put a premium on locking up the remaining prime seasons of one of the best hitters in baseball history. The Tigers were two wins away from a World Series berth last season with one of the AL’s oldest lineups, so the case can be made that the Tigers are discounting the long-term burdens of Cabrera’s huge contract in exchange for elite performance in the short-to-intermediate term.
Indeed, before we lump this deal in with other onerous contracts, such as the ones handed to Alex Rodriguez and Albert Pujols, I’d like to look into modeling those deals against the players’ expected WAR. But for now, it appears the Tigers paid a huge premium for the tail end of Cabrera’s prime, banking on him remaining an MVP-caliber player into his mid-30s.The Real McCoy's Frogskin Camo Army Hat
Image
—01. Made in Japan.
Words
The USMC frogskin herringbone camouflage is one of my favorite patterns out there. The feel of the fabric, the way it washes and the mix of tones is just about perfect. The Real McCoy's have re-made a classic army hat with this beautiful fabric.
—Available at Inventory Stockroom
Reader Comments (5)
you had mentioned before there are still people making canvas in the u.s i researched this for 6 months and found nothing. only chinese or india at best and dyed in the u.s please i want to be wrong!!! please let me know of one u.s made canvas. it seems like the us traditional companies you speak of are using chinese or indian made canvas unless they are using japanese canvas (which in japan i am sure is possible)
please help me figure this out as i am a fan of canvas and really a fan of us made canvas and don't want to buy some fake u.s. heritage crap
thanks
but overpriced..
how come all the amerian heritage stuffs are OVERHYPED, and OVERPRICED...
please just sell it as reasonable price which they were used to be back in the day..Ted Berrigan
Buddha On The Bounty - Poem by Ted Berrigan
Of this pilgrimage toward clarities
Of great mud intelligence & feeling.
'The Elephant is the wisest of all animals
The only one who remembers his former lives
& he remains motionless for long periods of time
Meditating thereon.' I'm not here, now,
& it is good, absence.
Read this poem in other languages
This poem has not been translated into any other language yet.
I would like to translate this poem »
Ted Ber- Photo courtesy University of Alabama Athletics
- Crimson Tide running back Trent Richardson ranks first in the SEC for rushing yards and rushing touchdowns.
When the Louisiana State University Tigers and the University of Alabama Crimson Tide faced off in early November, it was billed as the "Game of the Century" — the first time a No. 1-ranked team went up against a No. 2-ranked team during the regular season. Everyone expected fireworks and a knock-down, drag-out kind of game they would be talking about for years.
In reality, the game was a letdown. Football purists and fans of defense can point out plenty of highlights from LSU's 9-6 overtime win over Alabama in Tuscaloosa — four interceptions, four missed field goals, no touchdowns — but it wasn't the Game of the Century.
Now, in a Bowl Championship Series (BCS) first — and much to the chagrin of critics of college football's current structure — LSU and Alabama will once again face off, this time on Jan. 9 in the Mercedes-Benz Superdome for the BCS National Championship game. The matchup gives Alabama a second shot at LSU for the national title, and the Crimson Tide may be the only team in the country that can give LSU a run for its money.
The list of accolades for both teams is long. LSU and Alabama combined have 11 players named All-Americans this year, and LSU coach Les Miles was also awarded with his first AP Coach of the Year Award. The two teams also combined for seven post-season NCAA awards, and each team had a player named as a finalist for the Heisman Trophy. All of this is a long way of saying there will be an abundance of talent on the field with some of the best college coaching on the sidelines.
With all that in mind, we've compiled a list of what you should look out for in the biggest game of the year.
Tyrann Mathieu taking what he wants — If you haven't heard of Mathieu by now, you need to get to a computer immediately. The LSU cornerback has become a cult sensation among LSU and college football fans for his explosive playmaking ability and his nickname, "the Honey Badger," which was inspired by a viral video of the same name (choice quote: "Honey Badger don't give a shit, it just takes what it wants.") and has, in turn, inspired a slew of bootleg LSU merchandise featuring the aggressive animal.
- Photo by Steve Franz/LSU
- LSU cornerback Tyrann Mathieu returns a punt for a touchdown during a regular-season game against Arkansas.
Mathieu, a New Orleans native who graduated from St. Augustine High School, was a Heisman Trophy finalist and won the Chuck Bednarik Award for being the nation's top defensive player, but it's his ability to return punts for touchdowns seemingly at will that has made him a sensation among Purple and Gold faithful. After all, it was Mathieu's punt returns for touchdowns that effectively won games for LSU against Arkansas and Georgia.
In LSU's first meeting against Alabama, Mathieu wasn't able to stand out on special teams like he had in past games, but that shouldn't be an indication of what's to come. Alabama will try its best to kick away from the Honey Badger, but if any punt comes near him, expect Mathieu to take what he wants — which usually is a touchdown.
Trent Richardson running like a battering ram — As mentioned earlier, the first matchup between LSU and Alabama was anything but an offensive shootout, but Alabama's Richardson was still able to make his mark on an otherwise sloppy performance by the offense from both teams.
Richardson, who rushed for 89 yards on 23 carries in the team's first game, will have to run the ball much more effectively to give the Crimson Tide a shot at winning. He increased his rushing total in each of his last three games after the loss to the Tigers, topping out with a 203-yard performance against Auburn.
LSU's defense is second only to Alabama's in Division I-A football, allowing an average of just 252 yards per game; the Crimson Tide had to fight for every yard against the Tigers in their first matchup. At 5-feet, 11-inches and 224 pounds, Richardson gives Alabama a powerful force running the ball and, with interior lineman-of-the-year Barrett Jones opening holes ahead of him, the LSU defense will have its hands full trying to shut down the Tides' running game.
- Photo courtesy University of Alabama Athletics
- Alabama defensive back Mark Barron leads the Crimson Tide's secondary and ranks eighth in Alabama history for career interceptions with 12.
Les Miles eating grass — No, don't expect Miles to pull up artificial turf from the Superdome field and eat that during the game — he's smarter than that. As Miles revealed earlier this year, he carries a bit of the real stuff pulled from Tiger Field in his pocket for just such an occasion. What else can we expect from the irreverent "Mad Hatter"? If the past is any indication, it will be something seriously unexpected.
Miles won his first AP Coach of the Year award after a season that seemed, by his standards, positively normal. Unlike that crazy 2007 season in which Miles had not one but two memorable fake field goals against Florida and South Carolina, LSU hasn't had its fortunes turned by a memorable trick play this year. More than anything, this is a testament to LSU's dominance this season.
It also speaks to Miles' staff's coaching abilities. It's no coincidence that, as Miles was honored as the country's top college coach, defensive coordinator John Chavis was honored as the nation's top assistant coach. For Miles' eccentricities, the reason the Tigers have been so successful this season is they've been well-prepared and well-coached. Trickery may be exciting and, as Miles proved, can lead to a championship season. This year, though, sound fundamentals have led LSU to being one win away from the national championship title.
The fate of the game changing on a turnover — In the two teams' first matchup in Tuscaloosa, four interceptions were thrown, two of which changed the course of the game. The first game-changer was thrown by Jarrett Lee in the third quarter with the game tied 3-3. Alabama converted that into a crucial field goal in a game starved for points. The second game-changing interception occurred when LSU safety Eric Reid wrestled a pass away from Alabama's Michael Williams on the goal line, securing an interception for LSU and preventing what could have been a game-winning touchdown.
- Photo by Steve Franz/LSU
- Running back Michael Ford (42) leads the LSU Tigers in rushing with 755 yards — and he's only a sophomore.
Of course, there's no guarantee the defenses will be able to nab another pair of interceptions each, but in a game between two rival teams boasting the top two defenses in the country, you can bet a turnover from either team will be a deciding factor. Look for Mathieu, Reid and Jim Thorpe Award winner Morris Claiborne to get their hands on a pick for LSU. Alabama, which relies less on star players and more on coach Nick Saban's defensive schemes, will try to counter by forcing mistakes from LSU's Lee and Jordan Jefferson, who finished a combined 9-of-17 for 91 yards and two interceptions.
Whose fans will be the loudest?
With both schools within driving distance of New Orleans, LSU will not have the luxury of playing in an ad hoc home field like they did when they beat Ohio State University in the Superdome for the 2007 title. That being said, it will be interesting to see how many Alabama fans show up, as a recent article in the Tuscaloosa Times said the demand for travel packages was higher in 2009 when Alabama won the national title in Pasadena, Calif. thousands of miles away.
All things considered, you can expect to see a fair number of people dressed in crimson and white, but the real question is whether it will be visible in what is sure to be a sea of purple and gold. After all, LSU is just an hour away and it's a commute many students, teachers, coaches and alumni already make frequently. Add to that the considerable number of LSU fans who live in New Orleans year round and there's a good chance New Orleans will become Tiger Town 2.0. In a game that could be decided by one play, whichever team has the advantage in crowd noise could very well ride their fans' support to victory.TwitterEmail Close-quarters combat just got a little more deadly with the introduction of this gas-injection knife. It allows you to inject compressed gasses into whatever you stab, effectively blowing it...
Zig Ziglar
Related Articles
The Jewish State in a Morally Sick World
FacebookTwitterEmail Let’s drop the names “Hamas” and “Israel” and make a list of the characteristics of two imaginary warring entities.
You Want More Equality? Support More Capitalism
FacebookTwitterEmail A person can’t go but a few clicks on the Internet these days without tripping over some shocking item
The Immorality of Leaving Iraq and Afghanistan
FacebookTwitterEmail On every level and from every perspective — from pure national interest to the purely moral — the decisionConsumer Health Digest #05-49
Your Weekly Update of News and Reviews
December.
Heimlich severely criticized. Henry Heimlich, M.D., who is best known for the "Heimlich maneuver" for rescuing people who are choking, has been criticized by several recent reports. Questions have been raised about (a) whether Heinlich actually originated the maneuver that bears his name, (b) whether he helped another doctor fake credentials on a licensure application, and (c) the extent to which he was involved in unethical experiments in which people with AIDS and Lyme disease were infected with malaria as a form of treatment. [Francis F. Dr. Henry Heimlich's latest maneuver—a controversial AIDS "cure"—has many medical ethicists gagging. RADAR Online, Nov 10, 2005] Heimlich's claim that his maneuver can help save drowning victims has also been challenged. In a recent position statement, the American Heart Association stated: ." [AHA Guidelines 2005 for Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation and Emergency Cardiovascular Repair. Part III: Drowning. Circulation. 112:IV-133-135, 2005]. Heimlich's son Peter maintains a Web site with additional criticisms.
Center of Inquiry headquarters expands. The Center for Inquiry (CFI) – Transnational has completed a research center adjacent to SUNY Buffalo’s Amherst Campus. This phase of its $26.25 million expansion program brings its total building space to 35,000 square feet on 7.5 acres. The CFI -Transnational and its affiliated Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP), Commission for Scientific Medicine and Mental Health, and Council for Secular Humanism have a 65,000-book library and publish 17 magazines and newsletters that support critical thinking and the scientific method. Worldwide, more than 30 Centers of Inquiry exist or are under development. [Message from Paul Kurtz. CFI press release, Nov 29, 2005] At the new building's dedication, CFI chair Paul Kurtz charged that scientific education in the United States has fallen far behind that of many other developed countries and that the resultant scientific illiteracy is a serious threat to the survival of democracy.
Prominent antiquackery activist dies. Ludmil A. Chotkowski, M.D., who practiced medicine in Connecticut for 41 years, died October 6th of complications of a brain tumor. His book, Chiropractic: The Greatest Hoax of the Century?, is one of the few books that debunks chiropractic theory and is the only such book written by a medical doctor within the past half century. The Hartford Courant has published a detailed account of his life and public works. [Hamilton AM. 'Doc' Chotkowski was pioneer in public health, parks. Hartford Courant, Nov 13, 2005] Copies of his book, which he donated to Quackwatch when his condition was terminal, are available for $10 postpaid from Quackwatch, P.O. Box 1717, Allentown, PA 18105.
FTC expresses optimism about spam control. The FTC has concluded that spammers are far more likely to harvest e-mail addresses from Web sites than from chat rooms, message boards, USENET groups, and blogs. In a recent experiment, masking these addresses was fairly effective in defeating automated harvesting software. The study also found that filters used by ISPs block about 90% on incoming spam. [FTC study shows technology gaining in the battle against spam. FTC news release, Nov 28, 2005]
This page was posted on November 10, 2005.Valentine's Day from the archives
12 February
The Archive Awareness Campaign uncovers some of the Valentine's treasures held in our local archives.
A crime of love at Huntingdonshire Archives
Valentine's cards first appeared in Britain at the beginning of the 19th century. By the 1870s, many Valentine's cards had become ornate and valuable items, printed on expensive paper and decorated with satin or lace.
Records show that on 6 February 1875, William Coles, a labourer from Leighton Bromswold in Huntingdonshire, Cambridgeshire, was convicted of 'stealing a Valentine'.
Coles ended up spending Valentine's Day languishing in prison, as he was sentenced to three calendar months hard labour in Huntingdon County Gaol.
Alan Akeroyd, Archives and Local Studies Manager at Cambridgeshire Archives, said: 'This is exactly the kind of archive document which brings history to life.'
The diary of a Valentine at Devon Record Office
The diary of a 19th century bachelor, held at Devon Record Office, reveals that Valentine's Day was just as celebrated by our Victorian ancestors as it is today.
On 14 February 1852, Peter Orlando Hutchinson notes: 'Received five Valentines! Sent thirteen!! Bless the girls! Why don't they put their names to them?'
Nearly two weeks later, Hutchinson is still the object of desire. His diary entry for 26 February reads: 'Three more Valentines! The lady in one of them asks me to kiss her!'
'It's an amusing read and an example of how human life really exists amongst records,' said Katherine Weston, Heritage Outreach Officer at Devon Record Office.
The language of love at East Riding of Yorkshire Archives
The notebook of Margaret Elizabeth Whiteing, held at East Riding of Yorkshire Archives, reveals a number of love poems and sketches which were lost for nearly 100 years.
Margaret, known as Madge, was born in 1887 and grew up in Woodlands, Beverley. She eventually moved to Hengate, where she concealed the notebook in a wall and plastered over it. The notebook was rediscovered in 1986, but the reasons for the concealment remain a mystery.
One of her poems, The Gift of Love, reads:
'It is in the loving not in being loved
The heart is blest
It is in the giving, not in seeking gifts
We find our quests.
Assurance that my strain hath cheered
One soul if only one
And shed on the dark path if feared
A passing glimps[e] of sun.'
Highlighting the fascinating material to be found in local archives, Angela Owusu, Archive Awareness Campaign Officer, said: 'If people are stuck for words to write to loved ones this Valentine's, they should visit their local archive; they may well find poetry to inspire them!' She added that 'archives across the UK are opening their doors to the public so that people can search for fascinating stories such as these.'Discover your
family's story.
Enter a grandparent's name to get started.
Cove, Union County, Oregon
Cove (Special) – Roswell LeRoy Lay, 76, retired contractor and builder and resident of the county for 30 years, died Saturday at Walla Walla after a long illness.
Born in Illinois Aug. 7, 1875, he is survived by two brothers, Reuben Daniel, Springfield; Alfred Daniel, Long Beach, Calif.; two sisters, Mrs. Ivy Feldman, Portland, and Mrs. Bertha Proctor, Cove.
Funeral services will be held Wednesday in the Daniels Funeral home with Rev. Clarence Kopp officiating. Burial will be in Cove cemetery.
Observer
La Grande, Oregon
Monday, July 14, 1952
Page 7
Contributed by: Tom ChildersMariners | No timetable for Hisashi Iwakuma
Thu, 21 May 2015 16:43:39 -0700
Seattle Mariners SP Hisashi Iwakuma (back) doesn't have a date to resume throwing, and he's been on the disabled list since April 25.
Fantasy Tip: Iwakuma may struggle to make it back to the rotation before the All-Star break at this rate. Continue stashing him in traditional formats, though. Roenis Elias ($4,000, 8.0% of cap) has taken advantage of his rotation spot to post a 2.76 ERA and 1.26 WHIP in five starts (32 2/3 frames). Elias is only fanning 6.9 hitters per nine innings, but he could continue serving as a decent sleeper pick at FantasyScore in the right matchups.
Mariners | Justin Ruggiano clubs homer
Wed, 20 May 2015 19.
Mariners | Roenis Elias earns first win
Wed, 20 May 2015 18:54:24 -0700
Seattle Mariners SP Roenis Elias earned his first win of the season Wednesday, May 20, against the Baltimore Orioles. Elias allowed one run, six hits and zero walks in seven and two-third innings.
Fantasy Tip: Elias ($4,000, 8.0% of cap) struck out a meager four batters, but he finally began to lower his absurd 18.2% home run to fly ball ratio. Elias will make for an occasional FantasyScore option in the right matchups.
Mariners | Austin Jackson has updated timelne.
Comment () | Share: | Source: The Tacoma News Tribune - Bob Dutton
Mariners | Welington Castillo starting Thursday.
Comment () | Share: | Source: The Seattle Times - Ryan Divish
Mariners | Justin Ruggiano draws start.
Mariners | Seth Smith out of lineup Wednesday
Wed, 20 May 2015 12:23:04 -0700
Seattle Mariners OF Seth Smith is not in the lineup Wednesday, May 20, against the Baltimore Orioles.
Fantasy Tip: Smith ($3,100, 6.2% of cap) appears to have a normal night off, as Willie Bloomquist ($1,700, 3.4% of cap) is in the lineup and batting second. Bloomquist carries no fantasy value, so bench Smith for the night and leave Bloomquist there as well.
Mariners | Rickie Weeks draws start
Wed, 20 May 2015 12:19:02 -0700
Seattle Mariners OF Rickie Weeks is at designated hitter and leading off Wednesday, May 20, against the Baltimore Orioles.
Fantasy Tip: Weeks ($2,200, 4.4% of cap) is trying to keep his average from falling below the Mendoza line. He has a .200 average in the last 30 days, but Weeks is hitting just .125 in the last week. Your best bet is to pass and go for a similar-priced outfielder.
Mariners | Nelson Cruz hits well against O's
Wed, 20 May 2015 11:28:00 -0700
Seattle Mariners OF Nelson Cruz has hit .350 (57-for-163) with 12 doubles, a triple, seven home runs and 37 RBI in 41 career games against the Baltimore Orioles.
Fantasy Tip: Cruz ($6,000, 12.0% of cap) continues to be a very strong FantasyScore play and leads all of baseball with 16 home runs. He's especially attractive tonight on the road, where he has a slash line of .394/.444/.985 with 12 of his 16 home runs.
Mariners | Welington Castillo to be activated
Wed, 20 May 2015 08:00:34 -0700
Seattle Mariners C Welington Castillo will be activated to the 40-man roster Wednesday, May 20. Mariners C Jesus Sucre was optioned to Class AAA Tacoma.
Fantasy Tip: It is unclear if Castillo ($1,600, 3.2% of cap) will start Wednesday on the road against the Baltimore Orioles. Fantasy owners should let him settle into his new home before tossing him into lineups, yet there is mild appeal given his basement price point.
Mariners | Nelson Cruz hits another home run
Tue, 19 May 2015 19:33:10 -0700
Seattle Mariners OF Nelson Cruz went 2-for-3 with one home run and three RBI against the Baltimore Orioles Tuesday, May 19. Cruz leads the major leagues with 16 home runs.
Fantasy Tip: Cruz ($6,000, 12.0% of cap) has been one of the top fantasy options this season and is helping owners with his batting average, home runs and RBI. Cruz should be a nightly starting option on FantasyScore if owners are comfortable with his price.
Mariners | Welington Castillo acquired by Seattle.
Mariners | Taijuan Walker having hard-luck start
Mon, 18 May 2015 04:47:05 -0700
Seattle Mariners SP Taijuan Walker has held opponents to three runs or fewer in four of his last five starts.
Fantasy Tip: Walker ($3,900, 7.8% of cap) carries a 1-4 record and 7.22 ERA into his start Monday, May 18, and that record is largely due to a horrific early-season slump. He appears to be stabilizing, although you may want to hold off on starting him until Walker appears to have all the yips out of the way.
Comment () | Share: | Source: The Associated Press - Curtis Crabtree
Mariners | Robinson Cano in slump).
Mariners | James Paxton keeps rolling
Sun, 17 May 2015 18.- Rustic clay cookware
- Terra cotta with white glaze
- For cooking and serving
- Oven to table, keeps food warm
- Food safe, lead free
- Size - 48 oz/6 cups
This delightful cazuela dish is a beautiful and versatile addition to any kitchen. Cazuelas are the go-to cookware for us, whether for simmering chorizo on the stove, roasting garlic chicken in the oven, or serving a big bowl of Marcona almonds to guests.
This rustic terra cotta dish has a cheerful white exterior glaze and is a great example of oven to table cookware. These dishes retain heat and keep food warm after it is served.
Artisans craft these attractive cazuelas in the town of Breda, near the Pyrenees Mountains, as they have since Roman times. The clay from this region contains a fine gravel which creates a sturdy ceramic that has excellent heat retention properties.
The glaze on the cazuela is safe for serving food
- $35.95ca-31Add to cart
- $41.95ca-36Add to cart
- $41.95ca-43Add to cart
- Sale$45.95$35.95es-04Add to cartIt’s hard enough getting ahead in this town. But when you have a husband or wife who commits petty embarrassments and career-bending gaffes, you can forget it. All that painstaking ass-kissing and hard work will get you nowhere if your husband can’t stop ashing on the rug or your wife can’t learn to say, ” Good for you!”
At corporate breakfasts, cocktail receptions, ski outings, squash brunches, museum parties, client weddings, company clambakes and the like, embarrassment can cost you a promotion, i.e., money. Think about it: A faux pas could deprive your children of a college education.
Enter Charles & Associates, a two-man image consulting firm run by Charles Sacarello, 45, of Gibraltar, then Spain, and David Steinberg, 42, of Westchester, N.Y. They recently set up shop in Manhattan to instruct an ill-mannered generation of husbands and wives (and single men looking to get laid) in the finer points of Old World corporate etiquette.
After only a few months on the job, Mr. Sacarello and Mr. Steinberg are aghast at the decay of manners in the city.
“You can’t imagine the number of people at a very high level who have no idea how to behave, and it’s even worse with the spouses,” Mr. Sacarello said, raising his immaculately brushed eyebrows to Mr. Steinberg in the midtown offices of their lawyer. “They’ll be sitting at a table and you’ll realize that they can’t handle cutlery, they can’t taste wine and they don’t have the social graces to be relaxed. While their spouse is doing business on one side of the room, they’re drinking too much and saying things they shouldn’t be saying to the wife of the C.E.O. and ultimately damaging their spouse’s business relationships.”
“The executive and the spouse are part of the same unit,” Mr. Steinberg said. “They represent each other. We get a lot of calls from business executives who want their husbands or wives to be more presentable to their bosses.”
Mr. Sacarello and Mr. Steinberg met in Marbella, Spain, 12 years ago. At the time, Mr. Sacarello was a leisure-industry consultant who also dabbled in personal consulting. Mr. Steinberg was a high-flying residential real estate salesman with a booming business but a loud wardrobe and boorish manners. After months of soul searching, Mr. Steinberg decided to seek help. It arrived in the dapper form of Mr. Sacarello, who though he never finished college, had educated himself in the finer points of etiquette.
“David was quite different from the way he is now,” Mr. Sacarello said with a wink to Mr. Steinberg.
“Yeah, I was loud in voice and communication as well as in dress,” Mr. Steinberg concurred in a softly composed voice, his hands folded neatly on the table. A red-patterned handkerchief peeked out of his jacket pocket. “I used to wear my labels on the outside, instead of on the inside.”
“Jewelry, too,” sighed Mr. Sacarello, “and loud colors.”
“Yeah, loud colors and red shoes,” Mr. Steinberg said.
Mr. Steinberg’s transformation from Westchester lout to international man of manners was so successful that the pair decided to go into business together.
Now, after 12 years of consulting Europeans, the duo decided the United States was ready for a lesson in corporate etiquette. They run the business out of the midtown office of a real estate management company they own.
For a mere $500, during an initial 90-minute consultation over dinner or drinks, Mr. Sacarello and Mr. Steinberg can provide answers to the following kinds of questions.
Should a man stand as a woman leaves from or returns to the table? (Yes, but if other men at the table do not, it is acceptable simply to bow or nod your head.)
Should you shake hands with a religious leader? (Not with a rabbi’s wife, unless she extends her hand first. Otherwise, let the religious guy make the first move.)
Is it acceptable to apply cosmetics at the table? (Lipstick only. No compacts or mirrors, please.)
Mr. Sacarello has found that he is most often called upon to help hostesses throw parties. In such cases, he suggests returning to the basics. Make sure the bathroom has fresh towels, attend to the wallflowers, make sure everyone has a drink, and don’t serve anything that is difficult to eat (no pasta).
Then there’s the corporate husband, that poorly dressed bundle of bitterness and insecurity. Such men are Mr. Sacarello and Mr. Steinberg’s bread and butter, and their greatest challenge. The first thing Mr. Sacarello and Mr. Steinberg usually suggest is: Get thee to a gymnasium. “Most husbands of women executives don’t look as sharp as their spouses. We ask these individuals to take a look at themselves in the mirror,” Mr. Sacarello said.
“It’s all in the details,” Mr. Steinberg added, “in their appearance, in their grooming, in their teeth and the quality of the clothes they get.”
They say No to gold chains, bracelets, loud ties, big rings and white shoes, and Yes to a silver lighter. “I’d advise a handkerchief,” Mr. Steinberg said with pathos. “Most gentlemen don’t carry hankies and then you’re sneezing and coughing.”
“I’ve seen situations where a couple can be out at a social gathering,” Mr. Sacarello said. “They know they’re on parade, and they try to feel they’re one of the gang, as opposed to knowing that they might be getting judged. The spouse will drink too much and talk familiarly about things they should not be talking about, and they may feel like they belong, but they’re making a horrible impression and they don’t even know it.”
“There’s a tendency to bitterness on the part of the man,” Mr. Sacarello went on. “There’s a tendency to drink a little too much, to dress in a way that makes a statement which essentially says, ‘I’m unhappy to be here.’ So we ask the spouse, ‘Where did it go wrong?’ And they’ll say, ‘Well, her appearance changed, her demeanor changed, her personality changed. She became somebody and I was the hanger on.’ The college sweetheart is someone they no longer know. But if a woman can help him feel comfortable and let him know how to behave and let him be the equivalent of a Denis Thatcher to Margaret Thatcher or Prince Philip to the Queen, then there’s not a problem. They haven’t been emasculated; they are still the man of that woman’s life.”Module Name: src Committed By: mbw Date: Sat Nov 15 23:46:04 UTC 2003 Modified Files: src/distrib/notes/hp300: whatis Log Message: Prep for 2.0 release: - MI SCSI - MI com To generate a diff of this commit: cvs rdiff -r1.8 -r1.9 src/distrib/notes/hp300/whatis Please note that diffs are not public domain; they are subject to the copyright notices on the relevant files.Warner Bros has a nice habit of unleashing tidal waves of images right before the release of some of their films and found no exception of their new film “Prisoners” starring Wolverine and the Prince of Persia. I know some of you guys aren’t overwhelmingly interested in this stuff, which is why it’s typically only found on our facebook page now, but I figured a film starring a comic book and videogame character could be an exception to the rule. Check em out:
Kinda interesting, but I’m on the fence. Few movies are motivating me to leave my house in September but maybe…just maybe. I just don’t know how I feel about Jake G. On one hand he’s the Prince of Persia and on the other hand he’s a badass in End of Watch. I’m just not sure which hand this film falls. We’ll see…
Source: Warner Bros.
The "Superior" Anthony
who has written 2632 posts on The Movie Blog
Content Manager | Senior Editor
visit author's website | Contact the Author
THE MOVIE BLOG
CATEGORIES
© 2015 THEMOVIEBLOG.COMAttorney General Opinion
by
Terry Goddard
Monday, March 19, 2007
Opinion No:I07-004 (R06-029)
Re: Insurance Producer License Applicants and 2005 Amendments to A.R.S. § 20-284(A)
To:
The Honorable Robert L. Burns
Arizona State Senate
Question Presented
As amended by 2005 Ariz.Sess.Laws, Ch. 126, Arizona Revised Statute (“A.R.S.”) § 20-284(A) requires insurance producer license applicants to take their license examinations within the 120-day period before filing their applications. You have asked whether this new requirement applies to applicants who took their examinations before the amendment’s effective date but filed their applications after the law became effective.
Summary Answer
Section 20-284, A.R.S., as amended by 2005 Ariz.Sess.Laws, Ch. 126, applies only to examinations administered after the effective date of the Act. Therefore, an applicant who took the examination before the effective date of the Act, August 12, 2005, but filed the application after that date, is not subject to the 120-day requirement of A.R.S. § 20-284(A).
Background
A resident applying for an insurance producer license must pass an examination that tests his or her knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of an insurance producer, the insurance laws of this state, and the lines of authority for which the application is made. See A.R.S. § 20-284(A). Before 2005, the law did not require the applicant to take the insurance producer license examination within any specified time period before filing the application. In 2005, however, the Legislature amended A.R.S. § 20-284(A) to require that applicants pass the examination within 120 days before filing the application. See 2005 Ariz.Sess.Laws, Ch. 126, § 1. The amendment also provides an extension of the 120-day period for an individual called into active military service and limits the number of times an individual can take the license examination within a twelve-month period. See 2005 Ariz.Sess.Laws, Ch. 126, § 1. Finally, 2005 Ariz.Sess.Laws, Ch. 126, § 3 provides: “Section 20-284, Arizona Revised Statutes, as amended by this act, applies only for examinations that are administered from and after the effective date of this act.” (Emphasis added.) The amended law became effective on August 12, 2005.
Analysis
The cardinal rule of statutory construction is to ascertain and give effect to the intent of the Legislature. See Mail Boxes, etc., U.S.A. v. Indus. Comm’n of Ariz., 181 Ariz. 119, 121, 888 P.2d 777, 779 (1995). If the statutory language is clear and unambiguous, it is conclusive unless the Legislature clearly expresses an intent to the contrary or absurd consequences would result. See Bustos v. W.M. Grace Dev., 192 Ariz. 396, 398, 966 P.2d 1000, 1002 (App. 1997).
The language of Section 3 of 2005 Ariz.Sess.Laws, Ch. 126, is unambiguous. It clearly states that the amendments to A.R.S. § 20-284 in that Act apply only to examinations administered from and after the effective date of the Act. This language plainly exempts all examinations taken prior to the effective date from the new regulatory requirements. Thus, the law leaves applicants who passed their examinations before August 12, 2005, in the same position they would have been had the statute never been amended.
The language of Section 3 expressly applies to all amendments to A.R.S. §20-284, including the amendments to subsection A. Section 3 and other portions of Chapter 126 include no language that supports applying the 120-day requirement to examinations administered before the effective date of the legislation. Furthermore, if the Legislature had intended the 120-day period in subsection A to apply to examinations taken before August 12, 2005, Section 3 could have stated that A.R.S. § 20-284 applies to applications filed after the Act’s effective date. As it is, 2005 Ariz.Sess.Laws, Ch. 126, does not evidence an intent to exclude any part of A.R.S. § 20-284 from the provisions of the grandfather clause in Section 3. To the contrary, the Legislature’s use of a separate section to limit the amendment’s scope underscores its intent to apply the language in Section 3 to all provisions of the Act. The Legislation imposes the new regulatory requirements on examinations administered after the effective date of the amended Act.
This analysis is consistent with the statute’s legislative history. The fact sheet on the bill prepared by Senate staff for the Senate Finance Committee states that the bill “[a]pplies the provisions of the bill only to those examinations administered after the general effective date.” Senate Research Staff, Fact Sheet on H.B. 2189, 47th Leg., 1st Reg. Sess., at 2 (March 8, 2005). The wording of this fact sheet, which does not reference any exceptions to the grandfather clause, confirms that Section 3 governs all sections of the amended statute.
According to testimony concerning the Legislation, the 120-day period is intended to ensure that people who obtain licenses have current knowledge of the relevant issues. Hearing on H.B. 2189 Before the H. Comm. on Financial Institutions and Insurance, 47th Leg., 1st Reg. Sess. (January 24, 2005). Arguably, exempting those who took the test before the Act’s effective date from the 120-day requirement does not further that purpose. But that policy argument cannot override the clear language of Section 3. Applying the plain language of the statute does not lead to an absurd result, but simply leaves applicants who took the examination before the effective date of the Act in the same position they would have been had the law not been passed.
Conclusion
The language of 2005 Ariz.Sess.Laws, Ch. 126, is clear and unambiguous. The provisions of A.R.S § 20-284, as amended, apply only to examinations administered after the effective date of the Act. Examinations taken before that date are exempt from the new regulatory requirements imposed by 2005 Ariz.Sess.Laws, Ch. 126, even if the application is filed after August 12, 2005.
Terry Goddard
Attorney GeneralAs with the first "Borderlands", Gearbox continues the tradition of offering a ton of additional content for their popular shoot-n-loot series. With two pretty solid DLCs "Captain Scarlett and Her Pirate's Booty" and "Mr. Torgue's Campaign of Carnage" Gearbox hopes to keep that fire burning for ever better drops and crazier enemy encounters. The third add-on certainly checks off each box on the list before locking and loading, but does it hit the mark? Find out with our review for "Sir Hammerlock's Big Game Hunt."
Beginning the new DLC is as easy as the others. When you boot up your latest save (after downloading the compatability patch, of course) you'll notice a new location on your fast travel kiosk. Just select the new area and simply click OK and you'll soon be whisked to a whole new land full of adventures to have and baddies to kill.
This go around removes your Vault Hunter from the familiar post-apocalyptic deserts and garbage-strewn cities and drops you squarely into a massive swamp with a slew of strange creatures and funny natives. You'll slog through creepy bogs and cruise through damp marshes on the newest vehicle, a speedy airboat with a choice of nasty armament from electric bolts to corrosive volleys. My only gripe (and this goes with the Desert Skif from Pirate's) is that you can't take the new ride into the vanilla game- not a big deal really, but I actually like recklessly drifting about wrecking everything in my sight. Anyway, there's a lot of pretty scenery touched with a lot of what makes "Borderlands" unique. The overall look and feel goes well with the big game theme and the touch of nature is more than reminiscent of the "Zombie Island of Dr. Ned" DLC.
The story is a pretty familiar one as well. Upon entering the wetlands you'll recieve an echo call from everyone's favorite gentleman gamesman and scholar, Sir Hammerlock, who will task you with the hunt of a lifetime... or at least you would be, since a not quite competent evil scientist interrupts your little chat and challenges you mano y mano. This scientist, Dr. Nakayama, has somewhat of a Jack fetish and basically wants to splice his DNA with some of the local fauna to create a murderous foe hell-bent on your demise. There's a lot of tongue in cheek humor carried over from the other DLCs and main game but the quest falls a bit short with only a few of missions to keep me busy until the ultimate confrontation with the bad doctor.
It's unfortunate that the main quest is over before it really begins, I thought Dr. N had a goofy charm and was hoping to face increasingly ridiculous bosses. On the plus side, however, is that there are few extra side quests to occupy your time along with a mega boss on the level of a Terramorphous or Hyperion the Invincible but you'll need plenty of Eridium for the various totems scattered throughout the wetlands; and I would be remiss to mention the new tribal psychos, whose unique elemental powers and tanking abilites present a glimer of hope for more involved firefights down the road. In the end, you'll be justly rewarded with a nice set of weapons but coming into this DLC as a level 50 Commando, I already had a phenomenal arsenal.
This is kind of the problem with late game DLC and maybe a little bit with how "Borderlands 2" works in the long run. After maxing out four or five characters, you'll more or less want to use a combination of a few "go to" weapons and the rare drops won't mean as much. With that said, I recommend a trip after a first game run, as you should be around level 30 or so but as a stand alone add-on, "Big Game Hunt" falls a bit short on content compared to the last two outtings. Weirdly, "Big Game Humt" makes a great case for picking up the season pass, as you could just chalk it up as a somewhat middling quest line along with a bunch of awesome extra content in the form of the previous add-ons. By itself, however, it just misses the sweet spot as a stand alone pack.
"Sir Hammerlock's Big Game Hunt" is available for Xbox 360 for 800 MS points.
[Review code provided by Gearbox and played to completion on the Xbox 360]
Related posts:
'Clash of Clans' Update Introduces Dark Elixir And Hero Characters! (video)
App of the Week: 'Noble Nutlings'
--
Follow @MTVGeek on Twitter and be sure to "like" us on Facebook for the best geek news about comics, toys, gaming and more!On Friday morning, Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo underwent back surgery. By Friday night, he was home.
Peter King of TheMMQB.com told the story of Romo’s injury and eventual surgery on Friday’s edition of Pro Football Talk on NBCSN. Per King, Romo already is home after undergoing surgery to repair a herniated disc.
King explained that Romo had both a bad back and a fever after Sunday’s win over the Redskins. Only three-plus weeks after beating the Raiders with the flu, Romo once again had flu-like symptoms.
Far more importantly, he had a back problem that has ended his season.
Here’s the clip from the show, featuring King’s explanation of the nuts and bolts resulting in Romo’s decision to undergo a surgical procedure only five days after he finished a game with the injury.
In the picture, it looks like he was just waiting for his BFF, Jason Witten, to come up behind him to help straighten him out.
This guy gets toooooo much credit!!!!! What has he done to deserve this much credit??? 1 Freakin playoff win in 10 yrs!!!!! Are u kidding me…
So he’s questionable for Sunday’s game?
Nobody gives him toooooooooooo much credit, you halfwit. His poor performance in big games is well-documented.
You have to acknowledge that he wants to win, and plays hurt, often, to do so.
The guy is tougher than a three dollar steak.
King explained that Romo had both a bad back and a fever after Sunday’s win over the Redskins.
Other injuries to note in Tony’s Finest Hour were a hang-nail, thighs chaffing (he forgot to get his normal Brazilian Waxing before the game) and 2nd & 3rd degree burns from rescuing an old lady and her 58 cats from a burning building on the way to the game.
He was also reported to be a little light headed due to donating 2 gallons of blood the night before and insisting on helping feed the homeless strippers at their shelter that morning.
Tony’s my hero.
When is Tony finally going to be awarded the Civilian Congressional Medal of Honor? It’s obviously long overdue!
but but Jerrah says he may start this week…
Numerology for 5 Super Bowls we keep hearing about: Years: 42, 36, 21, 20, 18. Days: 6570. Hours: 157,680, Minutes: 9,460,800, Seconds: 567,648,000.
Likely to be another 500 Million Seconds before another Super Bowl is won. Enjoy.
One playoff win doesn’t impress me. Tebow has one of those.!
Romo has always been great at the heroics. Not so much as the steady, game managing part of the game.
That being said, to play in that excruciating pain against the (namecannotbementioned)skins was worthy of high praise.
Get well soon, the NFL does need characters (in thenicest possible sense) like you.!
That is common for this type of procedure. What is the big deal, he is a grown man and is getting better care than you and I. Wish him luck, he’ll be alright, it happens everyday.
For Romo to have SPINE surgery 5 days after the injury and a coupke of days before the most important game of his teams season, I have got to think that the doctors thought it was serious.
As in quality of LIFE serious.
The dude had a hard time walking in the 4th quarter.
He can play on my team anytime
and I am NOT a Dallas fan.
Would have been nice to end his season on our terms but it will be just as satisfying see Jerry Jones botoxed face cry all the way home after the EAGLES blow the doors of off the Cowboys …..Philly allll day 43-10
The rest of the team will be home Sunday night after the game is over also!!
Too much credit?? Really? for what? he gets too much blame if anything! The Cowboys wouldn’t even be sniffing the playoffs or a division title if it wasn’t for Romo. If that Defense was even a middle of the pack defense, the Cowboys would have at lest 3-4 more wins. but they can’t make a stop to save their lives!! Oh and real funny jerkwad about that whole “bending over” comment was stupid and juvenile!
A mircodiscectomy is an outpatient procedure; so why is Romo returning home newsworthy?
I think the Cowboys were premature putting Romo on season ending IR. If wakes up Sunday morning feeling better he should give it a go.
ESPN Headline on Monday: “once again romo doesn’t show up in a big game.”
In reality, he’s a top 10 qb. And that should be enough to win a super bowl. However, Dallas is a circus with terrible coaches and jerrah. At least jerrah will be able to tee off soon. And Garrett is like a robot, will u show some emotion or attitude? I hope jerrah keeps Garrett there for a long time.
Great performance last week Romo! You gave the Cowboys a chance to win the NFC East despite of how horrible the defense has played, hopefully the Cowboys will win.
He’s already back at home, he’ll be starting Sunday night!
“By Friday night, he was home.”
Looks like he’ll get to go home a week earlier than his teammates will around this time every year.
It’s a good thing the operating surgeon didn’t choke like Tony does in the big moments. Get well soon. The NFL just isn’t the same without your season-ending interceptions.
When he gets a super bowl he wil have done as much as peyton so whats your point cuz numbers mean nothing. So what’s he done played and won a game with a puntured lung and fractured ribs and he finish the season did not miss a game. Played the raiders game with the flu and just got done beating the redskin with a herniated disk in his back.
And also what credit are you even talking about only time he gets talked about is if he make a mistake they talk about for a month when he does something good it a one day story this freaking team would not even be play for anything evey season and especially this season if it was not for romo.
Jerruh sez he’ll be ready for the pro bowl !
Not surprising he is home already. Back surgeries, like many other surgeries have become same day procedures in out patient surgery centers. Just because he plays for the Cowboys doesn’t change this. No news here.
lil steveie jones sez “my daddy was in the office day after botox, tony will be ready, too”
Jerry will get him on the field Sunday night!!!
I knew a women who gave birth and met clients 2 hours later. Why is Tony a God? They have a better chance without him.
He wouldve been back home after week 17 anyhow. Just starting his offseason a week early.
Eli on injured reserve Your comment is hateful towards gays. If you had a hit TV Show on A&E yu would be suspended. Jaja
According to Jerry Jones Romo will be back at practice this afternoon and Garrett expects him to start tommorrow.
Probable for Sunday night…
Alright already, that’s enough. Like the intro song says; waited all week for Sunday night, well ” nuff said, play ball”
The Cowboys still list him as ‘probable’ for Sunday. Jerreh Jones is pushing Romo to suck it up and play, after all his ego and money is at stake, and that’s the important thing here.
Poor Jerry. Another year he may not be able to host a playoff game at Jerry’s World
HOW ‘BOUT THEM COWBOY’S
Orton > Romo
Probably has a tee time on Monday.
I think the cowboys may have just gotten the jolt they needed to wake up. I see this team going fairly deep into the playoffs with Jon Kitna at the helm.
Rest up Romo,Cowboys gonna need ya next year buddy
So if you decided Thursday night you needed back surgery how likely would you be to have it done Friday morning?
Totally agree. He has done nothing. As has the team. Bottom dwellers again
Dallas is built around Romo and a couple of star playmakers. GM JJ forgets that the game is won in the trenches on both sides of the ball. Dallas stinks in the trenches. They say you build a team from the inside out but Jerry does it the opposite way over paying his so called stars and leaving little money to pay the grunts.
This quick a return home indicates what sort of procedure was done and what prognosis for his future condition ? Very poor reporting on this aspect.
Quincy Carter > Romo (& Carter sucked, remember)
If Dallas Cowboys had a sense of humor they would now list Romo as “questionable” for Sunday’s game.
You can’t help but wonder how successful Romo would have been if he’d had a coach like Belichick, Dungy, Arians, or Reid.
Instead, he’s been stuck with perhaps one of the most incompetent head coach/GM combos in the league.
Having had a wife who was a Neuro RN for 25 years at Mayo, I knew they get you up the next day and force you to walk, but going home the same day?
Wow.
We thought we heard he had a less invasive procedure using a lazer. That too is impressive.
I just wonder down the road if he can play again. That will be the test considering his job is all about twisting the spine as you throw.
Wish him the best.
He is a hell of a qb,tough as nails,with one of the quickest releases ive ever seen,there are dozens of guys in this league who fall way short of Romos talent and toughness starting at qb ,who don’t catch half the flack this guy does…and im a die hard Eagle fan
IF he had a diskectomey, where they remove the part of a herniated disk, like I just had, he would be able to go home the same day.
I stayed one night, and I was able to walk within a few hours. I needed a morphine drip once I woke up in the recovery room, but I was really surprised how little pain there was. I needed Percodan for the surgical site for about a week. I just had my staples removed on Thursday.
If it was a ‘simple’ disckectomy (no fusion hardware or cutting of bone), TR probably has a 3″ incision and at least 15 staples (not stitches) in his back, and should have minimal pain. He’ll be able to walk normally, but any kind of normal physical effort will be taboo for at least 8 weeks. I would imagine that football is probably forgettaboutit.
I think TR is one of the better QB’s in the league, and it’s too bad that he’s been stuck on these lousy Cowboys teams. The GM is a fool, and he’s really handicapped that team. For sake of argument, if TR were playing for the Pats, Broncos or Packers, we’d all have a much different take on his career.
Good luck on your recovery, Tony!
(Giants Fan)
People, who think Romo is playing this Sunday, are completely delusional and have zero clue how the human body works.
I can only imagine the amount of force that is transmitted through the lumbar discs, when Romo gets driven to the ground by a 270 lbs defensive end; but I can imagine a reherniation is almost an absolute certainty.I wanted to wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year and to share a few Christmas scenes from my house, taken today. Featured below is our little angel Sophie, who’s going to turn 2 in just a few short months.
More photos from Rockville
hope that it will be of good use to you!
A few photos from Rockville, MD
!
A hike through the hills of Atel (Hetzeldorf)
Atel .
I’ve visited is that its historic buildings are so varied in their architecture and decorations, unlike other towns where most of the architecture sticks to common themes. Complicated reliefs and daring color schemes adorn these buildings and most of them are remarkably well preserved over time.
Here’s a collection of photographs I think you’ll like. I took them in 2007 and 2009. I snuck in a couple of modern sights which sadly detract from the beauty of the city. Do what I do, try to ignore them…
Should you be interested in licensing any of these photos (or any of my other photos), you might want to read through my terms.- Cooking
- Frying
- Cutting
- Prepare
- Cooking at the table.-
Since 1899, cookware is manufactured in the production site of KUHN RIKON. The Swiss brand manufacturer inspires the world of cooking with innovative products to prepare, serve and enjoy special moments around the table. The Swiss family firm with its headquarters in Rikon has subsidiary companies in Great Britain, Spain and the USA.
Kuhn Rikon products can be obtained worldwide in more than 40 countries via a global partner network.
More than 200 committed employees develop, produce and sell high quality cookware and functional accessories (kitchen aids) for healthy and efficient cooking..
An unmistakable swissness also characterises the outstanding design of Kuhn Rikon products. The firm has been running its own design department since 2004. In recent years quite a few of the innovative and superbly functional products have won countless design awards. Even MoMa (the Museum of Modern Art) sells Kuhn Rikon products in its own shop.
As well as selling high quality Kuhn Rikon products through its own factory shops, brand stores or affiliated shops, the firm also runs its own successful and attractive webshop.Italian Sausage Puttanesca
Photo by Becky Luigart-Stayner
Ingredients
- 1 teaspoon anchovy paste
- 2 tablespoons tomato paste
- 1 cup chopped green bell pepper
- 1 cup chopped onion
- 8 ounces hot turkey Italian sausage
- 8 ounces uncooked penne pasta
- 2 (14.5-ounce) cans no salt-added whole tomatoes, undrained and chopped
- + 5 more ingredients
- ½ cup halved pitted kalamata olives
- 3 garlic cloves, minced
- 1 tablespoon capers, drained
- ½ cup (2 ounces) finely shredded Parmesan cheese
- Cooking spray Soup Recipe
Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Italian Sausage and Breadcrumbs Recipe
Rigatoni with Cheese and Italian Sausage Recipe
Italian Sausage & Peppers Salad Recipe
Whole Grain and Italian Sausage-Stuffed Cabbage Recipe
Risotto with Italian Sausage, Caramelized Onions, and Bitter Greens Recipe
Italian Sausage and Bread Stuffing Recipe
Italian Sausage with Giant White Beans and RadicchioOn Fri, Oct 14, 2005 at 11:30:20AM -0700, we recorded a bogon-computron collision of the <rbeyer at arc.nasa.gov> flavor, containing: > Tom, > > On Thursday 13 October 2005 04:06 pm, Tom Russo wrote: > > > Hmmm. Sounds like there's something fishy in the Mesa that comes with > > x.org 6.8.2, then (and also with the old XFree86-4.3.0), or at least with > > how NVIZ is using them. The NVIDIA driver set replaces all the GL > > libraries, and when I use those instead NVIZ works fine (I last built from > > CVS about a week ago, and NVIZ has no problem on my > > NVIDIA-card/NVIDIA-driver system. When I say "NVIDIA driver" I mean the > > one from NVIDIA that requires separate installation, not the "nv" driver > > that comes with x.org. These drivers are available for linux and FreeBSD > > (on BSD they're /usr/ports/x11/nvidia-driver/). > > Thanks for all of the info. > > My FreeBSD 5.4 system with X.org 6.8.2 has an ATI video card, so > the NVIDIA drivers aren't really a solution for me. Nor is it a solution for me on my laptop with its ATI video. I had been hoping that my problem there was the old BSD OS and older XFree86 install. Your experience is dashing that hope, since you're running what I'd be upgrading to. You might try installing DRI and enabling it. I am not entirely certain that I ever did it correctly on the laptop (only tried once, probably two years ago, and now can't try it on the laptop because the current DRI port requires xorg, which I won't have until I update the machine). See /usr/ports/graphics/dri, and check out the FreeBSD specific stuff on It may well be that using the direct rendering module will get around this issue. Or you could find that even if you do it right that it still doesn't help. But that's the only thing I can think of suggesting since it's quite obvious it's a GL issue, and adding DRI is about the only thing shy of replacing Mesa with the combination of an NVIDIA card and the NVIDIA-provided driver (which I'm not suggesting). > Do you think that this is something the GRASS developers will address > (do they visit this list)? Or should I go and get myself an NVIDIA > card? The developers certainly visit this list. Whether any of them have a system that exhibits this problem is a much more relevant question --- and why I never really piped up until now (assumed that it was my problem, and that if it was widespread I'd have heard it here by now). --Possible Answer
Will My Ex Boyfriend Miss Me? You may or may not wish for reconciliation, but simply knowing that you are missed at some level can be a liberating guilty pleasure. - read more
I have been with my boyfriend “Allen” for over a year and a half now and were good friends for a few years before we began dating. We have a pretty content ... - read more
Please vote if the answer you were given helped you or not, thats the best way to improve our algorithm. You can also submit an answer or search documents about my boyfriend hasnt called me in 5 day.Island Life: Abusage
191 Responses
First ←Older Page 1 … 4 5 6 7 8 Newer→ Last
do you give someone a reality check, or do you write them a reality cheque
I guess that depends on whether they're waiting on line or standing in a queue.
I'd love to know who coined the phrase "to coin a phrase".
People also often desire to colour and emphasise their language - saying "absolutely"
I agree. I do it myself. My objection is to its use when it's plain from the context that the speaker is simply confirming or agreeing, and no emphasis or intensifier is intended.
>If a price list has big leaps between different levels, then
>the word "quantum" is very appropriate to convey that.
>Quantity doesn't mean the same thing.
But Rich, 'quantum' doesn't actually mean a big leap between levels. This is how the Merriam Webster online dictionary defines it:
n 1: how much there is of something that you can measure [syn: measure,
quantity, amount]
2: (physics) the smallest quantity of some physical property
that a system can possess (according to quantum theory)
In the example I used (Jane Clifton's column), she is using a pretentious alternative to 'amount'.
Commentator from the US (of course) on Morning Report last week talking about the California bush fires.
“This current one is the most impactful of the lot” Dreadful.
I also think it’s a real tragedy how the word tragedy is overused. Giving 110% is another of my pet hates.
But not quite as much as when people go on about something called the All Black brand
So many absolutely heinous linguistical crimes, recorded for prosterity, what a quantum effort by yous all!
If I was American, I'd call it a "bunch"!
Oh no, my brain might explode!
Alas, the worse crime of all has not been noted.
One to which I am radioactively exposed daily in my dangerous line of work.
"Going forward, ..."
My brain just exploded, and I ran out of explanation marks. Not points. Period. Fullstop. End of story.
(p.s. when did NZers start saying "pissed" when they mean "pissed off"? Surely this marks the beginning of a nucular winter? Or peak oil? Answers on the back of a postcard to...)
Speaking of americanisations, I have to say that I detest using the word "store" to denote shop. Hate it. Or vacation, which is slowly creeping in.
At the end of the day we need to move on, make the appropriate response and ensure it never happens again.
Ban these words and see what our politicians have left to say.
Somewhere back in the comments someone mentioned "impact".
There's a religious advertisement on TV some mornings where they proclaim that "Jesus will impact your life". I used to laugh and say "Jesus will impact your teeth!"
They need an "on"
Heh and at [__Hadyn's place of work__] we use "matrix" or "framework" instead of "table" and "graph" instead of "chart" (though that's pretty common)
"Going forward" has gone away, but now we are "future focused".
We are also warned to look out for "weasel words"
describing hospital passes as "average
I think average rugby is like the trend in coffee naming. Heaven forbid that anyone sold anyone something "small" so the smallest sizes are instead called "tall" or "regular".
Many an AB ballsup (or any of our professional rugby teams for that matter) have shocking handling errors, kicks or performances in general described in harsh terms like "average", "didn't have a great game", "will be disappointed with", or they simply won't even describe it at all.
You've missed the John Drake special, inevitably delivered after a player has completely lost composure and cost his team points or a penalty, or dropped the ball, or missed a tackle:
"He's better than that."
Well clearly, he isn't.
Speaking of which, I'm going to punch on the side of the head the next person that, asked by me if they feel like a hot drink, replies "I'll have a coffee, but only if you're making one."
See they're actually just complimenting your coffee-making skills. They won't drink anyone else's rubbish.
I'm totally all over this thread.
I don't read the Listener, but maybe when Jane Clifton said "the quantum of the new road charge is an issue" she meant "the sudden large jump in the new road charge is an issue", then maybe "quantum" is a reasonable term. It's a reasonable analogy with its scientific meaning, where it refers to a sub-atomic particle moving from one energy state to another.
The phrase "the amount of the new road charge is an issue" doesn't mean the same.
People also often desire to colour and emphasise their language - saying "absolutely" (or "you bet", "sure can", "does it rain in Melbourne", "are the bears Catholic" or "does the Pope shit in the woods") achieves this.
Rich, I thought it was "If the Pope shat in a funny hat in the woods with nobody around to hear it would he make a sound?"
To the bears, he would.
BTW, did you know that the word "petard" derives from the verb "péter", meaning to fart? As in "The farty little bomb of team NZ was hoist on the harbour bridge".
On the coffee front, what's wrong with indicating that a visitors desire for coffee is enough to consume one, should it be freely furnished, but not enough to inconvenience the other party to make one solely for the visitors benefit?
Ohrwurm alert.
Absolutely an album by Madness. Contains a track Embarrassment which includes the lyrical gem “__I’m feeling twice as oldah, I’m feeling twice as oldah__”. Coincidentally released on the Stiff label. (Cue Saxaphone solo).
Bart:
Oh and while I love the spell checker is there a way to make it stop suggesting that colour is spelt incorrectly?
You can set your operating system language to English (New Zealand) to fix this. I believe most word processors allow you to set the dictionary too, so switching it to UK or New Zealand English should help.
That Eggcorn site hurts my brain...though I admit wreckless driving is a good one.
Also, I heart this thread.
>I don't read the Listener, but maybe when Jane Clifton
>said "the quantum of the new road charge is an issue" she
>meant "the sudden large jump in the new road charge is
>an issue", then maybe "quantum" is a reasonable term.
Sorry, Rich, I know this is getting tedious, but ... I don't think this (above) is what Jane Clifton meant.
My point is that because she used the silly, pretentious and ill-defined word 'quantum' it's not at all clear what she did mean. Why didn't she just use standard English? I love your alternative wording! It is so .. forceful!
OK, if we're getting in touch with our inner pedant could someone please taser the next journalist who can't tell (or just doesn't care about) the difference between "refute" and "deny"? I expect professional communicators to be a little more accurate and precise in their langauge than Winston Peters. It's hardly an onerous bar to clear, after all. :)
I expect professional communicators to be a little more accurate and precise in their langauge than Winston Peters
And proof read their copy better than I do. :) L-A-N-G-U-A-G-E.
First ←Older Page 1 … 4 5 6 7 8 Newer→ Last
Post your response…
You may also create an account or retrieve your password."During my very first walk into the forest at Batchian, I had seen sitting on a leaf out of reach, an immense butterfly..."
- Alfred Russel Wallace, The Malay Archipelago
At The Natural History Museum, London
- for George Beccaloni, entomologist
Pinned on the tray,
his wings outspread,
still and dry:
Ornithoptera croesus croesus.
'This may be the actual one'
you tell me, angling the glass -
the sooty texture
of immense wings
dazzles by its darkness.
Somewhere on the body
forensic signs, maybe,
of Wallace's careful fingers
as he drew this butterfly, living,
from the net? And his own heart
sent blood rushing,
so that "I felt
much more like fainting
than I have done
when in apprehension
of immediate death" -
all day afterwards
ah, how his head ached!
To that Mussaenda shrub
with its white bracts and long
yellow orange-eyed blooms,
lured by scent and sight,
croesus will come for nectar.
Closed up, he makes just a patch
of leaf-thrown shadow,
or an oblong black-veined leaf,
yellow-green in sunlight.
Open, the bright petals
on his outspread wings -
orange sprays, yellow dots,
amid yellow and white and orange -
hold his body safe
in a bill-distracting corolla.
As I catch a trace
of Wallace's fine-tipped quill
on the tiny round of the label
and the dull glint of the pin
through that wizened thorax,
I think of a mind's movement
stilled between pages,
as dead, as rich -
ready in another mind
to fly, and settle.
Ornithoptera croesus croesus collected by Wallace in 1859. This is probably the first male he caught: The one which gave him such a headache! Copyright: The Natural History Museum, London.
From Anne Cluysenaar's beautiful book of Wallace-related poetry, Batu-Angas (2008).Curio: David Lynch at Spoke Art
Alexa here. I couldn't let the week pass without posting about a show that runs through this week at Spoke Art Gallery in San Fransicso: In Dreams, an art show tribute to David Lynch. Following past tribute shows to Wes Andserson and Martin Scorsese, Spoke is now featuring the works of more than 50 artist fans of the coffee-loving cult icon. Reckoning with Lynch's work must have caused a collective plumbing of subconscious depths because the show features some of the most hypnotic tribute art I've seen in awhile. All works are available for viewing, and purchase, here.
What follows are a few of my favorites...
Sam Gilbey. This is the Girl. Fine art giclee, edition of 30.
Jason D'Aquino. The Packard Saw Mill. Graphite on found matchbook.
Akira Beard. Elephant Man Headpiece. Watercolor on yupo paper.
David Moscati. Dune. Color screen print with copper metallic ink.
Guillaume Morellec. Blue Velvet. Fine art giclee, edition of 40.
Kate Zambrano. We Met Before, Haven't We? Oil on panel.
Peter Adamyan. A Case For Eugenics. Oil on wood relief.
Joel Daniel Phillips. David's Lunch. Charcoal and graphite on paper.
Reader Comments (2)
The Mulholland Drive piece is great. The potrait of Lynch looks nothing like him though!
john -- oh i think it does. the hair is great at any rate. the eyes...maybe the nose is too wide? hmmm
the elephant man one freaks me outYou went into a hole when INCY was rising...Maddy called you out and you stayed in your hole. Now this shaking of the weak and here you are spouting off. Whether we are LONG or SHORT your appearance on this board is rather hilarious and somewhat contrived. Stay the course whether RED or GREEN or hit the road. At least Maddy is here whether up or down and doesn't laundry list posts trying to blast you. Maddy wants honest discussion about INCY and tried to look at the positives. If you and your crew want to just blast blast blast...have your boler room boys pay you for other boards.
Appears the "smart" money is coming back in. Maddy may be wrong...but at least Maddy isn't a SHILL.
You're worthless in your predictions. 20 by friday -- what fricken friday? I bought more JACKOFF INCY today as now my average is finally down to $16.82 -- basically where we closed today. But i am worried on the quantity of shares I own such that i will cause a drop when i need to sell. Most INCY trading sessions barely have 50,000 shares trade in15 min. hen I go to sell INCY will need to contact BB and see if they can mitigate the wild stock fluctuation
Sentiment: Buy
Thanks TJ,
As you can see he has no reply!!!!
Sentiment: Strong Buy
maddison, is nothing more than a paid pumper, and has been wrong all along, holy crap man wake up......look at what he said about a buyout today.......20s that surely wasn't his tune of even yesterday,,,,,,he even predicted 20by friday.......look he made fun of me when i talked about incyte having 12 cc's meeting at ASH, and i silpped and said when the abstracts come out.....and he said they already are ...well why would he pumping.... when all the data is available to the institutional investors already and the stock moves from 1720 to 18 big deal........maddi is worthless and making lots of money sucking in others with his hype?????he has been here since before 2q and has been spouting 30's or buyout ever since and what has the stock done in this time????
why are there no insiders purchasing shares??????
you are a clueless, spineless, wimp to follow anything maddi has to said and what has he ever stated that is worthy of good conversation on this boardFeel like home at Audiko, where you can use epic ringtones for your smart phone. Today we have a ringtone of “tran” by tran as well as 30 other ringtones by tran. You can listen to all 4 tran – “tran” ringtone variations available here and download it for free to your hard drive. You can also look at other 3 albums produced by tran for all time. “tr<<
tran tran Ringtone
Browse Genres
Albums by tran
Top ringtones by trNo dumb questions right.... When installing a single handle shower/tub valve how is the valve secured to the framing. The valve does not have "ears" on it. Do the pipes secure the valve? Also, if the pipes (copper) hold the valve the straps are copper....are steel nails used? I know the straps must be copper to avoid the dissimular metals problems but what about the nails or screws that hold the straps. No dumb questions right? Thanks in advance! MichaelImage Unavailable
Color:
- Sorry, this item is not available in
- Image not available
- To view this video download Flash Player
I watch Matlock every day. This is the best box set I've ever purchased. It has parts of the show that I've never seen on TV. Excellent quality, delivered fast in the mail. Read morePublished 2 months ago by Lori L. Robson
This keeps my mother-in-law, 87 with alziemer's very happy, and Matlock is a hoot!Published 3 months ago by Mary Ann Otto
i cancelled my cable and am watching dvd's instead. matlock was always one of my favorites so i'm not surprised i love this set. great value too. yeah i love it. Read morePublished 3 months ago by Valerie Provines
The whole season of matlock was good. Season 1 was excellent. I could not wait for season 2. Season 3 was good and season 4 was good but there were some very boring episodes when... Read morePublished 3 months ago by Tamara Armour
Another good series I enjoy. Watch on days there is nothing interesting on TV.Published 3 months ago by CleocatraWhat does DMND stand for?
What does DMND mean? This page is about the various possible meanings of the acronym, abbreviation, shorthand or slang term: DMND.
We've found a total of 1 definition for DMND:
Filter by: Sort by:PopularityAlphabeticallyCategory
Still can't find the acronym definition you were looking for? Use our Power Search technology to look for more unique definitions from across the web!
"DMND." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.Vada's Turn
Vada died peacefully at age 80. She was remembered as a great friend, and as a successful published author of many best-selling novels, most of them of romance, and poetry. She was guided by her drive, which was born of Thomas J's love and passion for life in general, combined with her grade school teacher's Mr. Bixler's encouragement, and discovering her step mother Shelly's passion for romantic books.
Vada's funeral was held in Madison, Pennsylvania, in fact (according to her request) in the same funeral home run by her father, where Thomas J's funeral was held so many years earlier. Her son, Thomas J Sultenfuss (Vada kept her maiden name when she married) gave the eulogy of his mother, his grandfather Harry, and grandmother Shelly. Her childhood friend Judy also shared memories of her as a childhood playmate, and how in a way, Thomas J had united them all in school and in town with his death, along with Vada's few surviving friends from elementary school, middle-school, high school and college, and her friends who were also successful authors. According to her will, she wished to be buried next to Thomas J Sennett, her best friend from childhood.
Still holding a beauty about her even at age 80, and a gentleness and wisdom in her eyes, Judy stood proud. She was a retired teacher. "Vada was a terrific writer and friend," she said. "There are many authors sitting in the crowd to remember her, as you all can see. Since we were 11 years old, we were friends, from riding our bikes together in the summer, and having girls night out, all through high school. She was a wonderful mother, grandmother, great grandmother, and she was more like family to my own family, than a friend."
Next, Vada's friends Megan and Lisa spoke, speaking highly of what a wonderful friend Vada was, and how she had been more like an aunt than a family friend to their children and grandchildren. At first, as children, they'd been kind of snobby, hanging with Judy only because her father owned the movie theatre. They had become close with Vada after Thomas J's death. In fact, Thomas J's death ultimately united them as friends. After them came Vada's half-brother (the child that Shelly, Vada's step mother, had had with her dad), to give his eulogy of Vada as a wonderful sister and his best friend.
Next came a few of Vada's author colleagues to speak highly of her, along with a few more friends from grade school, middle, and high school. According to Vada's request, the funeral was a happy event, rather than a sad, somber one. The song, "Wedding Bell Blues" was played, according to Vada's request for her funeral. As the service concluded, the funeral proceeded to the cemetery where Thomas J's final resting place was, along with her parents, Gramoo, and Uncle Phil.
Vada woke up on the grass beside a familiar weeping willow tree at a familiar lake. Startled, she recognized it as the dock and tree that she and her childhood friend Thomas J had fished at and played on many years ago, beside this lake. She stood slowly…looked around.
She saw…Harry and Shelly, Uncle Phil, and Gramoo just as she remembered them, when she was in her preteen years, smiling at her, arms extended. Gramoo had her mind again, and looked younger and beautiful. Also standing near was including, but not limited to, Mr. Bixler, Thomas J's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Sennett, the friends she had made in the adult poetry class she had taken when she was eleven years old. "Welcome, Vada," Harry said. "You've made it. You're with us now." "Dad, Shelly, Uncle Phil, Gramoo!" she said, in their arms. She hugged Mr. Bixler, the Sennetts, Dr. Welty, her friends from the poetry class, and the many kids she had known in her young years, as the smiling crowd applauded and looked on.
"A couple of people want to see you also," they said to Vada, smiling as a woman stepped from the crowd, smiling. "Mom!" Vada recognized her mother from the videos and pictures she had seen of her in life. They embraced. "Welcome, Vada" she said in her charming accent. "Now," Vada's mother said, "Here is someone who is waiting for you." She stepped aside, as did the whole crowd, still smiling, to reveal…Thomas J standing there, smiling at her. Exactly as she remembered him at eleven years old. There were no bee stings or any harm to him at all now. His glasses were gone, revealing gorgeous blue eyes. As a child, he'd been frail and suffered asthma, not to mention severe allergic reaction to countless things. Now, he was absolutely healthy and strong, in perfect shape, like the acrobat he had aspired to be as a child. "Vada," Thomas J said, his arms open. "I've been waiting for you. Now you're here." "Thomas J!!" Vada exclaimed. Vada leaned over the dock to see her reflection in the water. She was eleven again, just like in the summer of 1972. She turned back to Thomas , and with a giggle of joy, ran into his arms instantly. She remembered her feeling of denial when her father told her of Thomas J's death by allergic reaction to bee stings, and her denial surrendering to agonizing acceptance of his death, once she saw him lying so still in his casket, his face covered with painful bee stings. Now he was even healthier than he had ever been on Earth. The crowd left, to leave the two of them alone to each other.
After the funeral, Judy stood beside Vada's grave, her friend since she was eleven, to say goodbye to her friend. "Well, Vada," she said. "I know I'll join you soon enough. You're finally where and when you want to be. The happiest time of your life. I know he's happy to see you." She touched each headstone of Vada and Thomas J. "You play all you want now, kids," she said lovingly, glancing skyward.
Vada and Thomas J sat on the ground under the willow tree, as they did in their childhood. Holding hands, they looked at the sky with beautiful clouds. "Vada, you've done well with your life. I'm so proud of you," Thomas J said.
"My one regret is I wasn't as nice to you as you always were to me, and I never told you that you were my best friend," Vada said.
Thomas J shook his head, smiling. "Not necessary. I knew your feelings, Vada. You were expressing your way. You were pure always. And you are." He squeezed her hand as the crowd and angels smiled.This product is no longer available.
You can try these similar gifts instead.
Gemstone Wrap Bracelet
Make a bold and beautiful fashion statement with this unique overlap wrap bracelet that is crafted from German silver and features bold gemstones on each end. Choose from 9 different gemstones for the color you like best.Nat 26, 2012
1. Stop the Wedding! by Stephanie Bond: “a man and a woman determined to stop their parents from marrying fall in love themselves.”.”
4..”
8. The Secret of Ella and Micha by Jessica Sorensen: “Ella and Micha have been best friends since they were kids. But one tragic night shatters their friendship and their lives forever.”
9. Come Away With Me (With Me In Seattle).”.”
Barnes & Noble Self-Published eBook Bestsellers for the Week of Monday, November 26, 2012
1. His Every Word by Kelly Favor
2. The Secret of Ella and Micha by Jessica Sorensen
3. All In by Raine Miller
4. Beloved by Antoinette Stockenberg
5. LOSING IT by Cora Carmack
6. Tidewater by Antoinette Stockenberg
7. Wilde For Him by Janelle Denison
8. Keepsake by Antoinette Stockenberg
9. For His Pleasure by Kelly Favor
10. Malice In Wonderland by H.P. Mallory
Smashwords eBook Bestsellers for the Week of Monday, November 26, 2012
1. man and the oracle by Felis Yemi
2. Spinward Fringe Broadcast 7: Framework by Randolph Lalonde
3. With Everything I Am by Kristen Ashley
4. Something in the Wine by Jae
5. Space Eldritch by Nathan Shumate
6. Into the Hollow by Karina Halle
7. Kiss of Love by Jillian Holmes
8. Stones’ Quest: The Battles Begin by LaRene Ellis
9. Something Like Winter by Jay Bell
10. Wisdom by Amanda Hocking
These three eBook lists were recorded on Monday, November)By Jueseppi B..
First Lady Michelle Obama Challenges Chicago Leaders to Create Opportunity for all Children
First Lady Michelle Obama delivers remarks on youth empowerment at a “Joint Luncheon Meeting: Working Together to Address Youth Violence in Chicago,” hosted by Mayor Rahm Emanuel in Chicago, Ill., April 10, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)
Tina Tchen is the Chief of Staff for First Lady Michelle Obama
How many more rounds are we going to let this go on for?
Published on Apr 10, 2013
“How Many More Rounds?”
Moms Demand Action has launched a?” along with a phone number to the Congress switchboard..
Rubio On Background Checks
Published on Apr 10, 2013
Mayors Against Illegal Guns has released new advertising in Florida. Watch and share the ad, and Demand Action to end gun violence.
Categories: Art & Poetry, Black Genocide Movement, Black History, Business, Causes, Celebrity, Congress, Court Room/Legal, Crime, Daily White House Schedule, Event, Food Art Poetry, GOPukes/RepubliCANTS, Gun Control, Gun Violence, Guns Guns Guns, Happy Happy, Health, Information & Links, Keep Hope Alive, Michelle Obama, Missing Children, News, NRA, Obituary, Photographs, Photography & Images, Politics, Speech, The ObamaCares Files, Thoughts Opinions & Ideas, Vice President Joseph Biden, White House Blog
[…] First Lady Michelle LaVaughn Obama Goes Home To Talk Guns […]
[…] First Lady Michelle LaVaughn Obama Goes Home To Talk Guns (theobamacrat.com) […]It might still be a bit early to talk about it, since we haven't even reached December yet, but the Consumer Electronics Show of 2013, scheduled for early January, already has companies preparing.
Kingston will reportedly show off a wide variety of devices, wider than the usual selection of storage and random access memory products.
In addition to normal RAM and SSDs (SSDNow and HyperX included), the company will reveal a number of wirelessly connected storage units.
The Wi-Drive wireless SSD series will grow particularly quickly afterwards, though it is doubtful that Wireless storage devices will become more than a niche market in the near future.
Given how much emphasis on gaming hardware is normally placed at CES, we fully expect some 8-module RAM kits to be on display as well.Birds Of A Feather Are Gathering Together With A Free Birdwatching Class May 9
_4<<
Summer Time Programs For Your Kids In Cheyenne That Won’t Cost A Whole Lot
Cheyenne Day of Giving: May 7-8, 2015.
The Cheyenne Day Of Giving Goes To Help Wyoming Coalition For The Homeless
Free Performance by Marine Corps Band New Orleans at Cheyenne’s East High May 10
The History Of ‘Women In Aviation’ Exhibit Going On Through May 31 In Cheyenne
Cheyenne Day of Giving: What Can I Donate?
May 22, 2015
House Speaker Billy McCoy says the plan would fully fund public education and state employees' health insurance.
The plan includes fee increases of $17.6 million, including a $5.00 increase on specialty car tags, an increase in fees the state auditor charges local governments and higher fees for environmental permits.
Before the 94 to 28 vote, House Education Chairman Randy "Bubba'' Pierce urged the representatives to support the bill.
Pierce said he had dozens of letters from schoolchildren whose programs could be cut if the Legislature doesn't adopt a plan to make up a $161 million projected shortfall for K through 12.
Gov. Haley Barbour has said he opposes any new state fees, but on Tuesday his spokesman said the governor wanted to study the House budget proposal. The bill.Perhaps Not such a Good Idea
I have found trying to run a blog is very time-consuming, and there are other calls on my time. I think it has been demonstrated that if enough people are unable to self-moderate, the nuggets of interest are swamped by the rubbish. Sadly I agree with Mark Frank's assessment. I had hoped more thread topics would be proposed nothing has been suggested by anyone for a while.
My personal view is that, considering DaveScot's generally perceived blog persona, I have to admit that he hasn't been (on this site) quite the unmitigated disaster predicted. John Davison, on the other hand has conformed perfectly to predictions, which is a shame, but his choice.
I am happy to let things run for a while, but would like to hear from anyone who has a suggestion for a thread topic. Post here or in the suggestions thread
23 comments:
How about an "ID: show me the research" thread?
OK Rich, put some meat on the bones and I'll paste it.
Of course I have. I have no respect for you or your cronies from Psnda's Thumb. What did you expect kudos? What do you want another thread for? No one has even attempted to answer my four challenges yet. You know why? I do. It is because they can't, because everything you and your Darwimpian cronies stand for is a myth, an illusion and a hoax. That's why. You might as well close down this flame pit while you are behind as it isn't going anywhere.
It is hard to believe isn't it?
I love it so!
" "How about an "ID: show me the research" thread? "
Alan Fox said...
OK Rich, put some meat on the bones and I'll paste it. "
Why is there no ID research, even on Dembski's blog?
Why does ID consist solely of an opinion that some parts of human biology are designed?
How would IDers actually prove that some parts of human biology are in fact designed?
Expand a bit on the theme, Wonderpants and I'll start a thread if you like.
"My personal view is that, considering DaveScot's generally perceived blog persona, I have to admit that he hasn't been (on this site) quite the unmitigated disaster predicted. "
At a guess, it's because he can't duck or delete awkward subjects. I note from skimming through the threads though that he's been rather selective as to which ones he posts in, namely the ones that don't pose awkward ID questions. ;-)
Well, we can't torture a confession out of him. As Lenny points out frequently, an absence of an answer is in itself an answer. What about a thread from you, entitled " My awkard questions for DaveScot"?
I'm not sure how much meat can be put on the bones of a non-existent project, but here's my thought:
I would really like to hear about actual research projects that can be / are being done. Without knowing of any that are running currently, I'm not sure if it would be a good thread to start, but maybe you could ask for ideas.
It could be a thread dedicated to lab experiments. If X is designed, we will find Y. Here's how we find Y in the lab. Then we watch for the landslide of X and Y that get suggested and, of course, the methods that actually find these things.
Why would they start posting it now, though, after years of keeping it secret?
JAD: I have no respect for you or your cronies from Psnda's Thumb.
Which raises the obvious question of why you hang around in forums like this. Why not submit your work to a technical journal where real scientists will read it?
Well, unless and until Wonderpants or Blipey want to expand on it, I have framed a thread along the line suggested.
I think a good thread would be "Place A Vote For or Against the Banning of Professor Emeritus John Davison".
I invade the ephemeral meaningless world of cyberdom for amusement on the outside chance that I might find a rational mind once in a while, one like johndarius for example. Mostly I encounter mentally impaired ideologues with IQs in the room temperature range or hostile, rabid, certifiably deranged schizophrenic sociopaths like Spravid Dinger. This particular blog seems to be blessed with both varieties.
Naturally -
I love it so!
I'll try and think of something tomorrow.
Been watching the footie tonight.
Props to France for winning aghainst Spain, Alan.
Ah, the World Cup. Something else Mrs Fox and I disagree on. Yes there would have been a few glum faces at work tomorrow. Now if only France can beat Brazil, and England beat Portugal.
JAD, you didn't answer my second question: Why not submit your work to a technical journal where real scientists will read it?
Why would real scientists want to read the nonsensical ramblings of a pseudoscientist?
Give me a shout if you need some "help."
Naturally -
I love it so!
But JAD won't publish in a scientific journal any longer. According to his second post, we can assume that he visits Nature's website "for amusement on the outside chance that [he] might find a rational mind once in a while, one like a [creationist] for example. Mostly [he] encounters mentally impaired [evolutionary biologists] "
I can't think of a single great scientist who wouldn't describe himself as a creationist, not one. Can anyone?
I love it so!
Democritus, Sagan, Darwin, Edison, Feynman, Curie, just to name a handful.
Of course, they never managed to publish in Rivista... [snicker]
Feynman once described scientific discovery as a religious experience. I agree entirely as I have had the same experience. That anyone could describe Darwin as a scientist is unthinkable. I didn't know that about Curie and tend not to accept it without some documentation.
I love it so!
What a sad little weasel you are. Feynman was an avowed atheist. Curie was raised Catholic but became an atheist on the death of her mother. Darwin was 100 times the scientist you are.
Creationism is all but dead among true scientists; critical inquiry is poison to that superstitious twaddle.1.800.555.8260 We're here to help
As a registered member, you’ll be able to: but I wanted some opinions on their performance... have/had friends using these? Know any "specs"?
I just want to get all of the info and opinions that I can. Then if the comments are positive, I may move forward with an install... if
negative, I guess I'll add them to the collection AND HIDE THEM UNDER MY ORIONS
What are you wanting to know?
Modern Hifonics (Maxxonics) has a great rep, but I'm not sure about their earlier stuff..Catherine Foroughi is the Founder of CYoga and author of “This Is It: Enlightenment With CYoga” and “This Is It II: Enlightenment With CYoga”
Catherine is CYoga – the real Mc Koy with natural grace. Her presence totally transforms from the inside out. She has an immeasurable and powerful effect on so many of those who consider themselves teachers. Even those who have not worked directly with her are effected by those she has. She does not consider herself a teacher which shows her effortless understanding and experience of yoga. Catherine is a complete one off.
Her classes can be strong, dynamic and fluid working strength and flexibility with grace. CYoga can involve; Yoga Ásanas; Breathwork (pránáyáma); Pilates; Energy Work (Qigong); Martial Artistry; Thai Yoga Bodywork; Voice and Dance Work. This allows one all abilities. This is it. There are no boundaries.
CYoga Workshop with Catherine Foroughi
An interactive and playful workshop hosted by one of the leading and most exciting yogi’s. Catie is the author of the Indispensable Yoga Guides – This Is It: Enlightenment With CYoga
The workshop is divided into three main topics. Breath ~ Asana ~ Dance
The three-part CYoga Breath. The breath of 1ove.
- Asanas and movement Strength and flexibility are at the forefront –this part is playful and joyful involving asanas and martial artistry. Both beginners and advanced yogis and yoginis discover in this relaxed, new and challenging space.
- Chance to dance! Let’s dance with CYoga and/ or Let’s Create dancing yoga! Spontaneous and Blissful.
A little more about Catie…
Interview extracts taken from Mind Body Spirit Online Magazine… thank you Wendy Stokes
Wendy: Please tell us something about yourself.
Catherine: I am the Founder of CYoga and I am the ‘Principle of the University of CYoga’. I have created a ‘Magic Moment of Involvement’ with You/ I/ Yoga. CYoga is this Moment ‘in its Glory, its Unity and its Experience’. We have an Understanding That (all) Creation is Here. This is where my inhale is – This is where my exhale is – This is where my Presence is. This is where yoga/CYoga is!It is my Destiny from my ‘First Recollections’ is a ‘Place of Great Space’ and an ‘All Encompassing Vision’. This ‘Vision Creates Beauty, Love and Absolute Joy’. I ‘Delight in the Ability’ of Form. Words and Expressions have sprung from space, without limits. CYoga is an honest, direct and loving ‘Way of Rejoice’, a ‘Delight of Presence’ (and a Presence that allows all to spring from My Form with a result that can be seen as very funny and pure ‘Joy, Bliss, Love’.” CYoga is now one of the leading – and most exciting – yoga schools. It is ‘the University’ of CYoga.
Wendy: What is your speciality and what qualifications do you have?
Catherine: My speciality is the ha’ndstand and/or kicking ass in CYoga martial/capoeira art’/dance – with a smile! CYoga offers a variety of styles and demonstrates the essence of Yoga which is ‘Beyond Style’. CYoga can involve Yoga asanas, breath-work (known as pranayama) and meditation. CYoga also develops an amazing core strength and subtleness by using applied body work, Structural Integration, T’ai Chi Ch’uan, martial artistry – and both voice and dance. It allows one to be all abilities. This is it!
I am qualified as a Yoga Therapist and I am a qualified lawyer too! I use many bodywork styles – and most importantly – as the Creator of CYoga – I feel naturally self-guided in one-to-one sessions, group sessions, master classes, presentations, CYoga holidays, and in writing, filming and photography, and in the ‘Way That Is Beyond’ categorisations, such as Pilates, breath-work and Fascial Release Work…leading to an ‘All Encompassing Experience’ and ‘Vision Actualized’.
Wendy: How do students benefit?
Catherine: By experiencing: ‘Freedom, Love, Joy and Bliss’, ‘Exceptional and Holistic Strength and Flexibility’. CYoga allows ‘Natural Understanding’ to be ‘Transmitted from the ‘Teacher’ Session Host/Guide’, so that relaxation can ‘Manifest in all its Glory’.
Wendy: Would it be correct to say “I am It” and “You are It” and “We are It”. The Time is Right for It! Not just “This is It” but “This is Me and This is You and This is Us – doing It”.
Catherine: Why not?
Wendy: Where is your University based?
Catherine: Chelsea, London, UK and ‘Wherever the Heart Beat Originates’.
Wendy: What does Enlightenment With CYoga involve?
Catherine: Read my books …they explain many things (though CYoga can be expressed in infinite ways!) ‘This Is It II- Enlightenment with CYoga by Catherine Foroughi, published by O-Books.Time for another year of picking winners. Always hard to do in the early season. The following are the games that I think offer the best plays this week (spreads courtesy of BetUs):
Oregon at Boise State (64 total)–I think there is going to be a lot of points scored in this one. Should be your usual entertaining late-night WAC/PAC style game. The total is only 64 so I will take the OVER. The score? How about:
Oregon 42, Boise State 38.
Ohio State (-21.5) vs. Navy–I can see this one being pretty ugly for a couple quarters. In the end, I think Ohio State puts it together and pulls off the cover thanks to big plays from Terrelle Pryor and the defense.
Ohio State 30, Navy 6
Notre Dame (-14.5) vs. Nevada–Picking Nevada here is the trendy thing, but I think it has resulted in a favorable line for the Irish. The Wolfpack are scrappy and they feature a talented offense, but I don’t think they can stop the Irish. In a shootout at Notre Dame Stadium, I like Notre Dame.
Notre Dame 48, Nevada 31
Illinois (-6.5) vs. Missouri–I think the Illini are going to have a bit of a juggernaut on offense. The Tigers will have trouble stopping them and keeping up. Big game for Juice Williams.
Illinois 41, Missouri 24
Stanford (-16.5) at Washington State–The Cardinal are my surprise team in the Pac-10 this year and I think they get off to a good start here behind the passing of Andrew Luck.
Stanford 38, WSU 14
Alabama (-6.5) vs. Virginia Tech–I am a big believer in Alabama this year and I think Greg McElroy is going to be an upgrade at quarterback. I like the Tide to roll here.
Alabama 24, Virginia Tech 10
Maryland (+21.5) at Cal–The Bears are good this year, but this line is too big. Cal wins, but Maryland keeps it respectable.
Cal 35, Maryland 23
San Jose State (+33.5) at USC–I think this is another line that is out of whack. USC is starting a true freshman quarterback and Dick Tomey is sure to find ways to exploit that inexperience. USC couldn’t cover against Idaho two years ago, so I don’t see a cover here.
USC 31, San Jose State 10
Central Michigan (+14) at Arizona–I like CMU’s chances for the outright upset. Dan LeFevour is a great player and Arizona’s offense is going to take a while to get up to speed. Chippewas win in another black eye for the Pac-10.
Central Michigan 28, Arizona 24
LSU (-17) at Washington–The question here is, how many points is Jake Locker worth? A lot, I think, but not enough to prevent a blowout.
LSU 45, Washington 17Powered by Sidelines
HP what about the OU – BYU game? Two top 20 teams going at it on week one and no prediction? Come on HP let’s have it.
Hi all…
I am playing games on pc and i like to more about gaming…
I like this article because it’s about gaming…
Anon, it’s a big game, but I’m not sure that one is a play or not.Think your agency job is stressful? It’s nothing compared to working at the White House. The Washington Post‘s Michael D. Shear digs into the intense demands of working at the highest level of government, including thoughts from Press Secretaries past and present.
From Dana Perino, President George W. Bush’s last Press Secretary:
“There’s the pace. There’s the hours. There’s the intensity. There’s the anxiety. There’s the pressure for results…I used to get up at 4 a.m. every day. It was like being shot out of a cannon.”
From current White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs:
“This is a place, because of the stress, the schedule and the sheer hours, that just chews people up and spits them out.”
“You go down to the mess [the White House cafeteria]. You have your coffee at five in the afternoon, and it just doesn’t do anything…Because you realize you’re so far behind [in sleep] that a jolt — you don’t even feel it.”
Read the full story here.Fishing the Mississippi Gulf Coast for over 20 years we know where the fish hide and the techniques in catching them, We always catch fish.
Mississippi Gulf Coast Charter Boat Fishing with Captain Scott Simpson. Retired USCG, 18 years in business, 25 ft. Stamas Center Console, Available for 1-4 persons, trips ranging from 4 - 6 hours, Feartured on ESPN2, Lifelong Resident of the Mississippi Gulf Coast. Targeting Shark, Redfish, Speckled Trout, Cobia, Flounder and much more.. "See Ya On The Water" Captian Scott Simpson
Capt. Robert L. Brodie of TEAM BRODIE CHARTERS offers one of the finest light tackle barrier islands, inshore, and nearshore guided fishing services in south Mississippi.
With over 45-years of fishing and duck hunting experiences in these waters, Capt. Brodie offers excellent professionally guided fishing and duck trips for the novice to the most experienced anglers and hunters.
At TEAM BRODIE CHARTERS, Capt. Brodie strives to be professional, polite, and productive. Capt. Brodie is a full time, fully licensed, and insure U.S.C.G. licensed captain.
Besides being a professional guide, Brodie is also an accomplished outdoor writer/photographer. Brodie has inked over 500 articles, and his work has appeared in over 30 magazines on the state, regional, and national level.
With an emphasis on family oriented trips, taking you family fishing with Capt. Brodie aboard TEAM BRODIE CHARTERS is a must when visiting south Mississippi.
Fishing the Biloxi back bay amd the Mississippi Sound. Inshore and offshore fisning.
Mississippi Saltwater fishing magazine
Come for the fun stay for the action! Take an offshore trip to catch cobia, snapper,grouper, sharks and many more. Or an inshore trip for flounder, ground mullet,speckle trout,red fish and many more. Everything included but food and drinks. The fun is waiting for you!!!receiving a fax
Discussion in 'Computer Support' started by baglady, Dec 17, 2004.64
- news.tic.ch
- Apr 19, 2006
Cell Phone FAX Using XP FAXSpike, Oct 12, 2004, in forum: Computer Support
- Replies:
- 1
- Views:
- 4,699
- Pennywise
- Oct 13, 2004
Receiving a fax over a SIP trunkSparks, Oct 28, 2005, in forum: UK VOIP
- Replies:
- 57
- Views:
- 13,821
- Sparks
- Nov 1, 2005
free fax service, Fax online, Fax, Email faxgeorge, Dec 26, 2007, in forum: Computer Information
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 688
- george
- Dec 26, 2007
Free internet fax service, Fax online, Fax, Email fax, Jan 2, 2008, in forum: Computer Information
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 706Saudi Arabia to hit back at US in Syria
Tensions between the two countries have grown sharply in recent months
Riyadh: Saudi Arabia’s intelligence chief told European diplomats this weekend that he plans to scale back cooperating with the US to arm and train Syrian rebels in protest against Washington’s policy in the region, participants in the meeting said.
Prince Bandar Bin Sultan Al Saud’s move increases tensions in a growing dispute between the US US, not the UN,” Prince Bandar was quoted by diplomats as specifying of Saudi Arabia’s decision to walk away from the Security Council membership.
Top decisions in Saudi Arabia come from the king, Abdullah Bin Abdul Aziz, and it isn’t known if Prince Bandar’s reported remarks reflected a decision by the monarch, or an effort by Prince Bandar to influence the king. The diplomats said, however, Prince Bandar told them he intends to roll back a partnership with the US in which the Central Intelligence Agency and other nations’ security bodies have covertly helped train Syrian rebels to fight Al Assad, Prince Bandar said, according to the diplomats. Saudi Arabia would work with other allies instead in that effort, including Jordan and France, the prince was quoted as saying.
US officials said they interpreted Prince Bandar’s message to the Western diplomat as an expression of discontent designed to push the US in a different direction. “Obviously he wants us to do more,” said a senior US official.
US Secretary of State John Kerry met in Paris on Monday with Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud Al Faisal. Officials familiar with the meeting said Kerry urged the Saudis to reconsider their UN decision but said Prince Saud didn’t raise Prince Bandar’s concerns. Officials said this may suggest that there are divisions within the monarchy about how to pressure the US to play a more hands-on role.
Cautious approach
The US, fearing arms will wind up in the hands of Al Qaida US and Saudi Arabia have grown sharply in recent months. President Barack Obama authorised the CIA to provide limited quantities of arms to carefully vetted Syrian rebels, but it took months for the programme to commence. In July, the Saudis undercut the US by backing the Egyptian military’s overthrow of that country’s democratically elected president.
Saudi Arabia was particularly angered by Obama’s decision to scrap plans to bomb Syria in response to the alleged chemical-weapons attack in August and, more recently, tentative overtures between Obama and Iran’s new president.
Diplomats and officials familiar with events recounted two previously undisclosed episodes during the buildup to the aborted Western strike on Syria that allegedly further unsettled the Saudi-US relationship.
In the run-up to the expected US strikes, Saudi leaders asked for detailed US plans for posting Navy ships to guard the Saudi oil centre, the Eastern Province, during any strike on Syria, an official familiar with that discussion said. The Saudis were surprised when the Americans told them US ships wouldn’t be able to fully protect the oil region, the official said.
Disappointed, the Saudis told the US that they were open to alternatives to their long-standing defence partnership, emphasising that they would look for good weapons at good prices, whatever the source, the official said.
Eager to be a military partner
In the second episode, one Western diplomat described Saudi Arabia as eager to be a military partner in what was to have been the US-led military strikes on Syria. As part of that, the Saudis asked to be given the list of military targets for the proposed strikes. The Saudis indicated they never got the information, the diplomat said. The Pentagon declined to comment.
 US US lawmakers that they increasingly feel cut out of US decision-making on Syria and Iran. A senior US official described the king as “angry”.
Another senior US official added: “Our interests increasingly don’t align.”
As of Monday in New York, however, UN US and the UN that the renunciation implied.
Diplomats said Prince Bandar conveyed in the weekend session that scheduled meetings in Paris on Monday and Tuesday involving Kerry, Prince Saud and ministers of other nations backing Syria’s armed opposition would be a crucial opportunity for the US to mend relations with Saudi Arabia, the world’s oil power and Washington’s main Arab ally in the Middle East.
In particular, Saudi Arabia wants to see the US or UN come up with a more effective plan of action for helping rebels overthrow Al Assad, and end the Syrian war, one Western diplomat said.
China and Russia, Security Council members and allies of Syria, have helped block any UN action that could support military action against the president.
In the Syria conflict, Iran and Tehran-backed Hezbollah militias are supporting Al Assad’s regime against rebels backed by Saudi Arabia and other Arab nations and private donors, and less actively by some Western nations.
Saudi Arabia regards defeating Al Assad’s regime as essential to its interests because of the involvement of Iran in the Syrian conflict. Saudi officials long have accused Iran of trying to exploit Shiite populations in Arab countries across the region to try to undermine regional governments and their interests.
Saudi officials are suspicious of recent overtures toward the US by Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, fearing that Iran aims only to have international sanctions against it lifted while secretly continuing a nuclear programme that earned the sanctions, diplomats said.FINE LIVING Drinks Drink & Pickup Line Of The Week Back to Top ▲ Drink & Pickup Line Of The Week Drink & Pickup Line Of The Week Trey Stevens Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 0 Show Comments More Like This What's Happening This Month In The Wonderful World Of White Spirits Read More Promoted Around the Web Special Features AskMen Deals Get 15% Off The Garmin Forerunner 15 Read More adA new eating establishment called New Orleans Grill is planned for Georgia Square Mall in the shopping center's food court.
The Athens-Clarke County Planning Department has approved plans for the New Orleans Grill to remodel space in the food service area at the mall's main entrance.
The New Orleans Grill will prepare a variety of spicy food items such as chicken wings, Louisiana-style chicken and barbecue pork, said Alice Chan, who will open the restaurant with her husband, James.
She said the New Orleans Grill likely will begin operating sometime in March.
All about the tan
Brothers Cory and Shawn Lesko in January opened Solar Image Tanning in a 3,000-square-foot space of the Ansonborough development at 1040 Gaines School Road.
Solar Image offers UV-free spray tanning as well as tanning beds that feature TV screens.
This is the fourth business for the Lesko brothers, who live in Gwinnett County. They also operate three Classy Nails and Tan businesses in the Atlanta area.
Cory Lesko said the Solar Image shop employs nine people and is open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Monday through Thursday; from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. Friday; from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday and from noon to 6 p.m. Sunday.
The phone number is (706) 549-0049. More information can be found on the Web at.
Lesko said he and his brother also are planning to open a manicure and pedicure shop next door.
Massaging the senses
Pianist and massage therapist Joey Freeman has teamed up with chef and photographer Stacia Marie Knowles to offer what they have dubbed "A Feast of the Senses, an evening of food, music and massage" that they present in a person's home.
Freeman said the service offers a meal prepared and served by Knowles, a classical piano recital (the home must have a piano) by Freeman, massage for each person attending the event and an aroma therapy session.
Knowles also offers to photographically capture appropriate moments during the evening.
For information about "A Feast of the Senses" contact Freeman at (706) 549-3853 or visit the Web site at.
French bistro focus
Downtown Athens restaurant Mia Madonna will undergo some changes in the near future, according to co-owner Melissa Clegg Frizzelle.
Sometime after Valentine's Day, efforts will begin on some exterior and interior cosmetic changes to present a more cozy atmosphere, Frizzelle said. In addition, the menu will be fine tuned to accentuate a French bistro theme, and a wine bar selection will be added.
The work means the restaurant temporarily will close (probably for a little more than a week), but when it reopens later this month, it will again operate during lunch and dinner hours. Mia Madonna opened in 2004.
Athens, GA ? Athens Banner-Herald © 2015. All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy / About Our Ads | Content Removal PolicyA normal guy would most likely be very freaked out if his gorgeous blond starlet of a girlfriend was making out with Ben Affleck for a movie — but then again, Gossip Girl‘s Penn Badgley isn’t your average guy. He opened up to Just Jared at last night’s exclusive opening of the Renaissance New York Hotel 57 in NYC, revealing how his relationship with the lovely Blake Lively works.
“I’ll say this, because we don’t talk about this much, but in another relationship, I might be,” Penn says of not getting jealous while Blake shoots romantic scenes with Ben for The Town. “But with her, she and I have such an unbelievable trust. So in this situation, no, I’m not remotely. It’s not that I’m an inconceivably jealous person, but in this particular relationship, no.”
In fact, Penn is so secure with Blake, that he doesn’t get clingy — even when they’re in the same city.
“I know what the job entails, so I don’t want to be there distracting her,” he says of being in Boston and not visiting Blake’s set. I like to spend my own time by myself so I give her that respect. In fact, a lot of the time, she wants me to come and I say, “No, I think you should take it.”
Read more at JustJared.com!Sad songs are part of our lives like it or not. These are my ten. What would be yours? Read More »
Poking Fun At Depression – Not A Sane Thing
If depression is something we wish to oppose, we so often go the wrong way about it. Read More »
“Jesus” Crucifies The Red Sox
Johnny Damon may be a traitor, but the Red Sox aren't blameless. They're clueless. Read More »
Slamming the Door Shut on Early Iraq Exit
President Bush spelled it out to quisling Americans: We can not leave Iraq now. Period. Will the antiwar brigade listen? Read More »
Execution Of “Tookie” Williams Was Wrong Thing To Do
Giving Stanley "Tookie" Williams the death penalty may have sent the wrong message about anti-gang efforts Read More »
Christmas: The Pope is right
There isn't much spirit to be had during this season of hyperconsumerism. It's time to bring back a little traditional Christmas festivity to this all-too-secular holiday. Read More »
First France, Now Australia: Trouble In Paradise
Two months after civil unrest in France, anti-Muslim violence erupts in Australia. Is this a case of paradise lost? Read More »
US Health Is Not About Money, It Is About Common Sense
America is far from the world's healthiest country. The good news: It won't take a government agency to improve things. Read More »
English 101 For Native Speakers
If we don't care to be seen as a sloppy civilization, working on our English skills might be in order Read More »
The Time Is Right For U.S. Isolationism
If there's no love lost between the U.S. and most of the rest of the world, why not simply say, "OK, you're on your own"? Read More »Vijay Mallya is the owner and team boss at Force India. (Photo: Getty Images)
Vijay Mallya insists that he’s in no hurry to confirm Force India’s driver lineup for 2014.
Along with Lotus, the team is among the most attractive with seats potentially available, and the likes of Felipe Massa and Nico Hulkenberg have been linked with a drive.
“People have come to me, but I’m notorious for making the decision at the very last minute.” Mallya told FOXSports.com. “The reason is because I think that if one was to announce a change now – if I intend to make a change – I tend to believe it will demotivatequalified .”Adrian Sutil, F1, Felipe Massa, Force India, Formula 1, Formula One, Nico Hulkenberg, Paul di Resta, Vijay MallyaReticulitermes
King and Queen subterranean termites with their first eggs in a laboratory colony at the University of Kentucky.
Reticulitermes subterranean termites. A winged reproductive takes flight.
Davis, California, USA
The
Reticulitermes subterranean termite, soldier.
Illinois, USA
Winged Reticulitermes subterranean termites prepare for a mating flight.
Davis, California, USA
Subterranean termite soldier. Illinois, USA.
A Reticulitermes soldier termite lunges at the camera.
Illinois, USA very loudly in my car and my sister burst out laughing, she could barely get the right words out she was laughing so hard.
Submitted by
Submitted on
1/29/2009 10:03 am
Age it happened
28
Better than original?
Yes
Convinced others you were right?
No
Was partying involved?
No
Have a comment? Log in for free today so you can post it!If middle. This yummy center piece looks great scattered and used individually, and looks even better stacked neatly into a delicious hamburger. Cushions can be purchased with or without stuffing. The price for the hamburger cushions is $220.
As I said when I posted this on Twitter, it’s awesome.
I was just thinking if the lettuce and cheese were slightly over sized, or expandable, they’d make delicious blankets. …Too cheesy?
T.aaron – The blankets idea is very good I have to admit, and to be honest if I would be the designer of this product I would implement it right away.
[…] Leider mal wieder viel zu teuer.
[…]
Nice, I really like T.aaron’s idea too, it would be rad if the cheese were a big fleece blanket
[…] en: Freshome. […]
[…] Etsy’s Via: Freshome […]
[…] Etsy’s Via: Freshome […]
[…] freshome AKPC_IDS += "260,"; Рубрикатор: Для души Мебель и […]
[…] Visto aquí. […]
[…] Freshome 0 people like this post. like Condividi/SalvaTi potrebbero interessare […]
[…] FresHome Tags: Almofadas, Emotional Design, Lúdico Nenhum comentário […]
[…] | Freshome Más información | Etsy En Decoesfera | Aurelie Mathigot: envuelta en […]On Thu, 19 Apr 2007 01:58:39 -0600"Eric W. Biederman" <ebiederm@xmission.com> wrote:> From: Eric W. Biederman <ebiederm@xmission.com>> > This starts the sparc64 powerd using kthread_run> instead of kernel_thread and daemonize. Making the> code slightly simpler and more maintainable.> > In addition the unnecessary flush_signals is removed.Looks OK. This code could perhaps be switched to call_usermodehelper().> + task = kthread_urn(powerd, NULL, "powerd");I'll fix that up before Dave notices ;)-To unsubscribe from this list: send the line "unsubscribe linux-kernel" inthe body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.orgMore majordomo info at read the FAQ atCrowdfunding
Kiwi inventor of USB adapter seeks $15,000 on Kickstarter
Ryo is the latest Kiwi invention to hit Kickstarter
Crowdfunding
Ryo is the latest Kiwi invention to hit Kickstarter
Pitch Circus
We swear it’s not an April Fool’s joke, and promise it’s an event filled with swinging fun, fabulous drinks, and a nerve-wrecking pitching circle – at least for the entrepreneurs! ...
Venture
Invivo’s equity crowdfunding push to launch on Snowball Effect on March 18.
Startups
The latest trials and triumphs at Raglan Coconut Yoghurt
Opinion
The problem with innovators is they search for solutions before they identify the problem
Crowd Funding
New Zealand’s geographical isolation. That’s what makes it so hard for Kiwi innovators to generate funding for their exciting new projects, right?
SME
SMEs are the lifeblood of the NZ economy. But rather than feeling valued by big private and public sector organisations, many SMEs reckon they often fall through the cracks, being ...
Heritage Buildings
The Christchurch earthquakes changed the rules around heritage buildings. Dunedin had to decide to bowl or strengthen. Suzanne Middleton talked to some enlightened enthusiasts in the old warehouse district who ...
Advertorial
Technology
Enterprise rather than consumers will drive the adoption of new information technology, according to one of thirteen Deloitte Technology, Media and Telecommunications predictions for 2015.
Export
China is New Zealand’s single largest export market, with the value of goods sold there exceeding $12 billion in 2014 – twice that of our exports to the United States ...landfill. Carthage Hopes to find Landfill Solution By James Lenz • Apr 25, 2012 Carthage is hopeful a switch of contractors will lead to the end of its responsibility for the old municipal landfill. Indianapolis-based American Environment will take over monitoring the site. The company was the low bidder at $43,000 per year. It will also try to find a way to bring groundwater pollution levels into compliance with federal EPA regulations Mayor Jim Nightingale hopes the firm brings " some new ideas out there that down the road we can present them to the EPA and get us out of the landfill business.”Business park’s widened road elicits concern
- Published: February 11, 2010.
As a first step toward the development of the 27-acre property behind the CBE’s first occupant, Antioch University McGregor, the location and type of entrance to the park has led some villagers to wonder how the new entrance, which includes a widening of the road, will affect Yellow Springs. These citizens also question whether the action supports the long-term goals of the village as a whole.
Decisions about where and how to build roads into the business park have implications for the future of the park and the village, according to villagers Rick Donahoe and Suzanne Patterson. Creating multiple, wide entryways to the commerce park could either presume or attract the types of commercial businesses that bring shoppers and foot traffic to the edge of town, they said in recent interviews. Supporting trade in the CBE both threatens to displace the downtown as the active center of the village and puts economic pressure on the adjacent agricultural properties to sell for more development. In short, it is the cyclic formula for sprawl, Donahoe said.
“This is obviously going to excite activity and inflate the property values there and make it harder to gather together our greenbelt,” he said. “It’s a catalyst for sprawl.”
Adding an intersection will require that Dayton-Yellow Springs Road be widened at a taper on both sides of the road from the current 24 feet to a maximum of 48 feet to accommodate a left–hand turn lane from the eastbound lane and a right turn lane from the westbound lane, with speed reduction signs both east and west of the intersection, Village Assistant Planner Ed Amrhein said. Dayton-Yellow Springs Road was not annexed into the Village with the CBE, therefore the road remains in the county, and approval to alter it rests with the county, Greene County Engineer Bob Geyer said this week.
While the Village originally anticipated annexing the entire strip of Dayton-Yellow Springs Road adjacent to the CBE and installing a much simpler entrance to the park, annexation of the right of way requires the approval of the anonymous property owner to the south of the road, who, according to Amrhein, has expressed opposition to allowing the annexation. The Village still intends to petition for part of the road to be annexed for greater control of the area, but the county standards requiring turn lanes and wider road width for the CBE entrance now seem prudent, Amrhein said last week. The higher standards raised the cost of the project, but the Village will be better off getting it right the first time rather than paying even more to redo the project if improvements are found necessary later, he said.
The Jacobs engineering firm hired by the Village recommended three road configurations that would provide maximum access to the property inside the park within the limited budget of CBE owner, Community Resources President Lisa Abel said last week. All three options use Dayton-Yellow Springs Road as an access road that connects through the park to an access point on East Enon Road, north of the current McGregor driveway. Village Planner Ed Amrhein is managing the development of the park in consultation with Community Resources. The Village has applied for a matching grant through the Department of Public Works to partially fund the new intersection installation, estimated to cost a total of $180,000, according to Amrhein.
The CBE is currently zoned mixed commerce, a district which according to the Village zoning code allows as principally permitted uses research and information technology businesses, administrative, institutional or professional offices, maintenance and storage garages and light manufacturing. But the mixed commerce district prohibits “retail stores, banks or other activities tending to create direct consumer traffic, such as barber or beauty shops, gift shops, grocery, hardware, clothing or drug stores, laundry service, dry cleaning, automobile service stations, garages or sales rooms, theaters, bowling alleys, amusement parks or other equivalent recreational uses, dwelling units, hotels, motels, nursing homes or child care establishments,” the code states.
According to Abel, the group does not anticipate changing the zoning for the CBE, and aims to stick to the types of businesses that are permitted in that district.
But if those are the only types of businesses the CBE will accept, Patterson asks, then why instead of using the McGregor entrance on East Enon Road, does the park need a second entrance directly off of Dayton-Yellow Springs Road? Also, she and Donahoe both fear that because Community Resources has worked so hard for almost eight years to develop the property, that they will be eager to accept any business that agrees to lease space, including those that stretch the conditions of the district.
In addition to his concerns about the potential for sprawl, Donahoe believes that the development of the business park should be part of the village-wide visioning process that is currently taking place. In fact, villagers should first get a chance to define their overall hopes for the future of the village, which would then be used to guide and define the decisions regarding the CBE, he said.
“This CBE area is of deep concern in the visioning process. Are we doing a visioning, or is this a mockery of the visioning process?” he said.
Community Resources purchased the 46-acre business park property in 2004 with an interest-free $300,000 loan from the Village Revolving Loan Fund and a $100,000 grant from Yellow Springs Community Foundation, which was to be repaid after the CBE began operating, likely in 2011. Over $1 million in grants from the Ohio Department of Transportation and the Army Corps of Engineers will fund the installation of roads, water and utility lines within the park, once the layout is approved by the Village. But as a first step, Community Resources board member Jerry Sutton said, the property owners have a right to initiate an access road into the park, which it currently does not have. The current road into McGregor off of East Enon is and will remain a privately owned driveway for the school.
Amrhein agreed that the proposal for the access point is mostly the decision of Community Resources. The county engineer must approve the design of the new entrance from Dayton-Yellow Springs Road using the safety and engineering criteria from the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials, including a study of the kind and volume of traffic to and from the CBE, Geyer asserted.
“Any property owner has a right to request access to a public right of way,” Amrhein said.
The CBE will then proceed with further approval processes as it moves through the development stage. The approval of the CBE as a subdivision of the Village must be approved through public hearing by Village Planning Commission and Village Council, which could occur sometime this spring, Amrhein said. During that stage, the Village would approve the placement of the roadways and infrastructure within the CBE, which would remain a maintenance responsibility of the Village and Miami Township. The proposal to annex part of Dayton-Yellow Springs Road will also get a public review.
Once the Village has installed the main infrastructure at the CBE, Community Resources plans to partner with a developer to gauge the market and determine appropriate lot sizes for its clients, Abel said. The Village will evaluate the appropriateness of the businesses that apply for space based on the zoning restrictions, which Community Resources as property owner may tighten but may not make more flexible than it already is, Amrhein said.
“The discretion available to the Village is limited by the zoning regulations,” he said, referring to approval of the subdivision by its setbacks, drainage and building height and bulk parameters, as well as its tenants’ use of property. If a design meets the requirements of the zoning code, the Village must approve it, he said.
The Yellow Springs News encourages respectful discussion of this article.
You must login to post a comment.
Don't have a login? Register for a free YSNews.com account.The Sigma Beauty performance eyes kit is on the carpet today. I am going to review it but before I go ahead and write the pros and cons. The Performance kit was recently release. They are basically makeup brushes for focus on smaller details or smaller eyes. Usually most Sigma Beauty tend to be too big but performance eyes kit is great for small eyes or details around the eyes. I honestly did not think, based on the pictures that the brushes would be any good. They just looked flimsy to be honest. I got the brushes as PR samples to test and review. Even today just looking at them I am like, they look weak and flimsy. In the newest kit you will get a set of eight eyes brushes at the price of $55.
Sigma Beauty Performance Eyes Kit Cons
Sigma Beauty performance eyes kit Cons are as expected. I wanted to first focus on the kit’s con list then on the pros list. My main concern was that the brushes would be to flimsy. While reviewing the brushes and using them, I was a bit disappointed with one of the Sigma performance eyes kit. The Blending brush is very soft and you have to use a light hand. The brush could have used a bit more bristles. The bristles get to soft and it doesn’t “work” if applying to much pressure. There are brushes that are very similar, the waterline and tightline liner brush and the shader lid & inner corner brush are all similar and the only difference between these performance eyes kit “pairs” are the size.
Sigma Beauty Performance Eyes Kit Pros
Sigma performance eyes kit pros would be a vary of things and this is why I wanted to write about this after I focused on the cons list. The Pros of this kit is that it really is perfect and ideal for small eyes and for precision around the eyes. My favorite brushes would be the eye liner E11 because I never owned a small and perfect eyeliner brush. The Smudge E21 is ideal for the lower lids and of course for smudging. The Sigma Brushes performance eyes kit waterline & tightline liner, I have been looking a small synthetic brush that I could use on my waterline. The Shader inner corner E46 brush is the perfect size for most eyes when it comes to applying a highlighter to the tear duct area. The shader crease brush is also a good brush that is perfect for very small creases that are common on small eyes. I have been looking for a smudge, waterliner and a tear duct brush. The Performance Kit is the missing Sigma Beauty performance eyes kit I needed.
Conclusion of the New Sigma Beauty Performance Eyes Kit
In Conclusion, the performance eyes kit is for me, a must have! The brushes are the missing link that every makeup artist or person with small eyes need. I do recommend that you see if you have or need makeup brushes for small eyes to get this kit. If you get the Sigma Brushes performance eyes kit then please feel free to CLICK and activate a 10% OFF discount + get a FREE GIFT with orders over $30 use our code: click to view at check out. If you need makeup brushes for small eyes or for precision get this brush set. I just wish that the blending brush was stiffer since I wouldn’t then have to worry about how much pressure I am using with my Sigma Beauty performance eyes kit
Buy: sigmabeauty.com
Sigma BeautySimon and Garfunkel were right! (Even though I think that song may be about selling drugs.)
Ken, who brought The Larchmont Bungalow back into my good graces with Sunday’s brunch, is also one of the owner’s of “All About the Bread,” a place I gave a not-so-nice review to just 2 weeks ago. He offered me and Abe a free meal to give them another shot.
Obviously, from the title of this post, I was much happier this time.
Ken himself came to meet us there, and gave recommendations about what to order. He suggested a few yummy sounding options, but I went with the Honey Lime Chicken, without cheese.
For vegetarians like Abe, they just launched a new sandwich:
Ken also explained that they bake their bread fresh (in store) every day – which, of course, I’m a fan of (no preservatives).
In addition to my Chicken sandwich, he brought me out another one to try!!! I ate half of each.
Hot, juicy pastrami (flown in from the east coast – so unfortunately it’s not the most eco-friendly) with pepperoncini, mustard, and pickles. Simple, and really delicious – not greasy or overpiled with meat, but still a generous amount.
The Honey Lime Chicken was super messy, though in a good way (unlike the soggy Turkey Sandwich I got last time). Guacamole was dripping everywhere, yet the crispy/chewy bread held up the entire time. The chicken was tender but could’ve used a little more salt (I think the Pepper Jack cheese would’ve resolved that). Overall, the flavors and textures were interesting and yummy.
Sampled some of Abe’s sandwich, which was so impressive, it’s seriously being considered for the BVSLA list. Soft and creamy mozzarella, with a lot of basil and tomato action (in both fresh and preserved forms). Perfect with their bread.
The service was over-the-top friendly this time, too – Ken had to leave and the guy behind the counter took super good care of us. Not only did he rewrap our sandwich leftovers, he brought us this momma for dessert….
I meant to save some but I couldn’t – it was kinda perfection. Slightly soft, with big chocolate chunks. I ate half the cookie.
Never before have I changed my tune so quickly about a place before! My only lingering issues were with the space – even though it didn’t reek of bleach this time, it still wasn’t the most comfortable place to sit and eat. The white space feels very cold and sterile, and the fluorescent lighting doesn’t help:
Also, I didn’t get a soda because the only non-sugar option was Diet Coke and I didn’t want the caffeine. (Ken, have you thought about adding Zevia to your beverage case?!) Tried a sip of Abe’s, though – you could really taste the maple syrup in there.
I’ve learned a valuable lesson from Ken about how to take criticism constructively. Instead of getting defensive or arguing with me, he addressed the problems and gave me a chance to see a different side of his restaurants – their strengths, rather than rehashing/focusing on the weaknesses. That comes in handy when it comes to any business (ahem, acting) and also yields some useful results – I’ll definitely return to both the Bungalow and All About the Bread for more delicious food, now that I know what to order.
I just put up a page of Los Angeles Restaurant Reviews – maybe I’ll have to revisit some of those other less-than-stellar places again, too….This Class allows you to register and listen to mouse/touch gestures on your device. It also comes with a boundle of premade gestures, a gesture generation tool, and a gesture helper class. For the mouse, the Class uses the right mouse button. NOTE: This class can handle simple gestures, but has trouble identifying more complex ones, such as the letter S NOTE: I don't have a touch device, and so cannot test the usability of this class. If you want to hep me develop this class, pm me on github
For most applications, it's enough to have one Gestures class. Initializing it is simple:
var g = new Gestures([options]);
Possible options are:
In order for the class to be effective, you first need to register getures for it. You can either do it globaly or per Class instance. Each gesture is combined of 2 parts:
The Class recognizes 8 directions, which have a name and an angle: East (0), SouthEast(45), South(90), SouthWest(135), West(180), NorthWest(225), North(270) and NorthEast(315). These can be used either by the angle or useing Gestures.Directions for creating more readable sequences. Each sequence is an array of directions. So, for example, registering the letter Z:
[0,135,0] [Gestures.Directions.East , Gestures.Directions.SouthWest , Gestures.Directions.East]
Since the use might not be as accurate, the Class allows you to register mutiple sequences for the same gesture. The best way to do this is to use the Generator tool that is supplied with this package multiple times (maybe even in different sizes).
Registering global gestures (ones that will be available for all instances) can be done either with the Gesture Class:
var right = new Gesture('right' ,[ [Gestures.Directions.East] , [Gestures.Directions.East , Gestures.Directions.NorthEast] , [Gestures.Directions.East , Gestures.Directions.SouthEast] ]); Gestures.registerGesture(right);
Or by simple supplying it with parameters:
Gestures.registerGesture('right',[ [Gestures.Directions.East] , [Gestures.Directions.East , Gestures.Directions.NorthEast] , [Gestures.Directions.East , Gestures.Directions.SouthEast] ]);
Normaly, you won't have more than one instance per application, but if for example you want to register gestures to different elements in the same page, you can register instance-specific gestures:
//using the above right Gesture var g= new Gestures({target:el}); g.register(right);
So, after we registered some gestures, we can do:
var g = new Gestures(); g.addEvent('z',function(){/* do something */}); g.addEvent('right',function(){/* do something else */}); g.start(); //starts listening to gestures
The Class fires 2 main evens (other than the gesture ones): 1. start: fires when a gesture capture begins. 2. end: fires when a gesture capture ends. Passes the recorded gesture sequence as a parameter.
This is a list of readymade gesture recordings. Usage:
Gestures.registerGesture(Gestures.Readymade.right);
Currently available gestures:Rumour: EA Invite Points to Imminent Battlefield 4 Reveal
Posted by Sammy Barker
Bringing out the big guns
Colours can communicate so much. If we see something red, we tend to think of danger. If we see something green, we tend to think of safety. And if we see something teal and orange, we definitely think of Battlefield. IGN has been invited to a top-secret EA event on 26th March, which seems like it could be for the upcoming Battlefield 4.
As the publication points out, the invite itself boasts a similar colour palette to Battlefield 3’s box art – a scheme that’s become almost iconic for the series over the past year or so. Last month, retailers got their very first glimpse at the sequel, prompting many to speculate that the game would show up during Sony's big PlayStation 4 blowout. It never appeared, with EA insinuating that it would rather hold its own reveal events.
We’re guessing that this is it. Last year, the publisher announced new Battlefield 3 DLC and Medal of Honor: Warfighter at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco. Incidentally, this event is set to take place during this year’s show. Are you excited by the prospect of a new Battlefield game? Let us know in the comments section below.
[via uk.ign.com]
#1
rastamadeus said:
Only had a quick go on Battlefield 3 a few days ago, not enough to judge the whole game, I know, and I would like a proper go but I have to admit I really wasn't impressed. Just seemed to be a soldier FPS by numbers to me. I guess it's good news for fans but it's just like a new COD, isn't it? Causals will buy it, fanboys will have a wank and for the rest of us the world will keep spinning.
#2
NathanUC said:
@rastamadeus
I was really disappointed with the single player content in BF3 compared to BF2. Unfortunately, I'm sure the sp content in BF4 will be even worse. It's a FPS that focuses heavily on multiplayer. Short of MAG and KZ2/3, BF3 is easily next in line for top multiplayer FPS I think. CoD really doesn't compare due to far too many imbalances and poor map design. I look at it this way: You can enjoy code for 30 minutes at a time. You can enjoy BF3 for hours on end.Actually they're not 'my' as in 'mine'... it's just the name of the recipe you can find in the book I was telling you about the other day: 'Delancey' by Molly Wizenberg.
Whomever they are though... they're fab. And super easy to make. And super quick to eat...x8 is suggested... mine was more of a larger rectangle and my brownies were very thin which is how I like them).
Place the dish in the oven and check after 25minutes. They can take longer depending on the oven.
Allow to cool completely even if you're tempted to dive into them sooner. And you will, but they'll be very fragile until cooled.
Eat.
Try leaving some for other people.Ursula Biemann is an artist, theorist and curator who has in recent years produced a considerable body of work on migration, mobility, technology and gender. She studied at Bellas Artes in Mexico and School of Visual Arts in New York, and participated in the Whitney Independent Study Program. In a series of internationally exhibited video projects, as well as in several books, Been there and back to nowhere (2000), Stuff It – The Video Essay in the Digital Age (2003) and her new monograph Mission Reports (2008), she has focused on the gendered dimension of migrant labor from smuggling on the Spanish-Moroccan border to migrant sex workers in the global context. Her experimental video essays connect a theoretical macro level with the micro perspective on political and cultural practices on the ground.PHOTO: AP
Our latest news analysis for EBONY: "Why Did New Jersey Democrats Reject a Black, Gay Man to the Supreme Court?"
."
Read the full article HERE.
It is too easy to call this guy, the obvious cliches for a person who seemingly goes against everything in his own morning mirror each day. He must be looking into his partner's mirror and reflection. Glad the Black and gay communities put an end to his debacle.
Posted by: kirk | 08 June 2012 at 17:14The Prime Minister has called on the FA to make an example of Luis Suárez after the forward was charged with violent conduct for biting Branislav Ivanovic during Liverpool’s 2-2 draw against Chelsea on Sunday.
The fallout from the controversial incident continued unabated yesterday and was lent a political dimension when David Cameron’s spokesman revealed that the Prime Minister wants the FA to take stern action against Suárez.
“It is rightly a matter for the football authorities to consider,” the Prime Minister’s official spokesman said. “As part of their consideration, I think it would be very understandable if they tookEvery once in a while I take a moment out of my incredibly busy day to check out the latest action figures available for decorative purposes. Yeah. Decorative. Anyhoo I check these things out and see what’s what and recently came across this nifty lil Bane figure that’s so painstakingly detailed and eerie that I woulda swore it was a McFarlane toy, but lo and behold it’s actually manufactured by Hot Toys.
That’s is incredibly cool. If you keep his jacket up and cover up his joints you could barely tell the difference between mini-Bane and his live action counterpart Tom Hardy. We’ve seen some really cool figures for the film so far and I love that they’ve pushed the envelope with detail and quality of these figures in recent years. Have any of the figures caught your attention lately, or am I the only grown ass kid on this site?
Via: Live For Films
The "Superior" Anthony
who has written 2632 posts on The Movie Blog
Content Manager | Senior Editor
visit author's website | Contact the Author
Now that’s more like it, Mr.Bane !
THE MOVIE BLOG
CATEGORIES
© 2015 THEMOVIEBLOG.COMReuters reports that, in informal discussions on the debt ceiling, the Treasury Department floated the figure of raising the debt ceiling $2 trillion, to $16.3 trillion, in order to avoid having to deal with the issue again before the 2012 elections. At an estimated 20 months of extension, that would be an annual rate of $1.2 trillion in additional debt. Worse, Reuters estimates that a “mere” $2 trillion in new debt won’t be enough to get the US to 2013.
Going back through the debt archives, the total public debt outstanding was at $5.728 trillion just before President George W. Bush took office and $10.628 trillion when he left. I may be but a public school graduate, but the approximate-$5.8 trillion of debt that would be added in President Barack Obama’s first term if the $2.0 trillion debt-limit increase is just enough to get to January 20, 2013 would be a new record for any President’s reign.
To show what an armchair budget-geek I am, let me tell you why the underlying factual premise of this piece is false.
The debt ceiling is $14.3t. The gross national debt is approaching that figure. The gross naional debt has both real, publicly-held debt, and phony paper “intragovernmental” debt such as the SS trust fund.
Re-write budget accounting rules so that only true debt counts toward the ceiling, and we can rack up another $4t!
There’s a slight problem with your proposal – that intragovernmental debt is already beginning to be converted to publicly-held debt.
I fully understand that, and the payroll tax holiday is speeding up the pace. You illustrate my point perfectly, because even if we hit the debt ceiling we will continue to issue debt as intragovernmental debt is converted. That’s why I think using the gross national debt figure is a sham because we can still issue debt without increasing the national debt (that’s just bizarre by Main Street standards).
Well so what’s another Trillion or two.How Much Sleep Do You Need?
Sleep is something that is absolutely vital for us to be able to restore our bodies and minds. Without proper sleep, problems with concentration, reaction time and awareness can occur very easily, and most of us notice these immediately. Not only that, the Sleep Foundation notes that lack of sleep is also linked to the risk of motor vehicle accidents, increase in body mass index, increased risk of heart problems and an increased risk of psychiatric conditions, including depression and substance abuse. Unfortunately, we still don’t get to bed on time, if at all. So how do you make time to sleep enough? And alternatively, how do you feel better faster if you don’t?
Many college students and young professionals have a difficult time getting as much sleep as is needed, often catalyzed by various responsibilities and time management. Additionally, college tuition is forever on the rise, so more and more students are finding they have to eliminate something to make time for a job, extracurricular activities, and social interactions; generally, that ends up being sleep. However, problems like insomnia or sleep apnea may also disrupt normal sleep cycles.
So how much sleep is enough to keep up with the dichotomy of academic and social lifestyles?
In the past, eight hours seemed to be the magic number, but researchers are finding that it is relatively subjective. The Sleep Foundation has identified two main factors in everyone’s sleep needs: basal sleep (how much a person needs to function) and sleep debt (accumulation of sleep lost). Sleeping too little can directly inhibit your productivity and ability to consolidate information. Though sleeping too much may also negatively affect these functions, sleeping less is significantly worse. Ideally, sleeping in the range of 6.5 to 9 hours is the best (though some Goldilocks-inspired trial and error may be needed to find the best amount).
If there’s no way to get sufficient or quality sleep one night (keep insufficient sleep from being a habit), the best, most effective thing a person can do is to go about their schedule normally & try to go back to their routine as soon as possible. Additionally, coffee is a good idea, but in moderation. It’s important to drink plenty of water as well; excess coffee can dehydrate you and make you feel even more sleep deprived. To avoid this, drink water proportionally to coffee intake.
Most people agree that naps also help relieve some of the stress of sleep deficiency, but they have to be properly used.
Researchers agree that naps more than 30 minutes are actually detrimental, whereas between 20-30 minutes are the most effective and can restore alertness. Keep in mind that coffee takes about half an hour to take effect, so taking a nap and drinking coffee right before might do double duty after a less-than-restful night.
The good news is that it seems that quality, not quantity, is what you should go by. Though, in a perfect world, both would be doable but if one prevails, it’s quality. More than anything, it’s important to create a strong repetitive schedule of sleep (yes, even on the weekends) and get good sleep. That is, no distractions, relaxed and regular bedtime routine, and a sleep-conducive environment. Staying healthy in conscious life is also a benefit. Not abusing caffeine intake, eating earlier in the day, and getting regular exercise can empower your sleep. Most importantly, sleep should be made a priority, so when you can help it, put sleep first.
Mariya Rakutko.
Category: Entrepreneurship
Pingback: How Much Sleep Do You Need? | Daily Clippings |...From airport to community garden in the heart of Berlin
Tempelhof airport, which ceased operations in 2008, has been transformed in a public space used by locals for sports, sunbathing, the occasional bbq or picnic, and kite flying with part of it now dedicated to urban agriculture.
Located in Neukölln, a working class district of Berlin where immigrants, foreign students and artists have settled, in part to escape the rising rent prices, the community garden is a place where locals congregate and socialize while also helping each other out. With a growing waiting list for next year's allotment attribution, nothing has stopped the organizers from carrying on their activities. They are facing two main obstacles. On the one hand, until they know if the 3 year long contract can be extended, only temporary constructions are allowed. On the other side, some feared the soil's quality might have been contaminated by plane fuel or even bombs from World War II. The locals involved in the project have been able to adapt to both of these constraints by planting their seeds in large elevated boxes, re-using old wooden structures from furniture, barrels or tables in which they put soil provided by the Allmende-Kontor, the public garden office.
Amidst the increasing cost of food and current economic crisis, growing its own food while sharing knowledge and gardening tips is a way for the community to create and produce rather than consume and this, as a result, nurtures a spirit of co-operation and collaboration. Along the same lines, the Allmende-Kontor, plan to give something back to the community: they plan to create a resource pool and a seed store. The seeds collected and preserved will in turn supply Berlin's gardens and customers so that another summer can see the city blossom.
Allmende-Kontor, the common place for community gardening and urban agriculture is a Nonprofit organization which relies on the voluntary work of the community. info@allmende-kontor.de /.
Text: Genevieve Lavoie-Mathieualz.org >> Funding & Collaboration >> Grants >> 2007
Text Size
Research Grants 2007
To view an abstract, select an author from the vertical list on the left.
Alison M. Goate, D.Phil.
Washington University
St. Louis, Missouri
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD) is the second most common form of dementia after Alzheimer's in those aged 65 and younger. Many inherited forms of the disease have been traced to mutations in a protein called tau, which forms dense aggregates called neurofibrillary tangles. These tangles are also found in the brains of people with Alzheimer's disease.
There are also other cases of FTLD that are not associated with tau mutations. Recently, researchers have found that some families with FTLD have mutations in the gene that encodes the progranulin protein. Alison Goate, D.Phil., and colleagues plan to study how progranulin mutations lead to neurodegeneration. In one large family, FTLD is caused by the simple swapping of one amino acid for another in the progranulin protein. Goate and colleagues will study this single point mutation to see how it affects the properties of progranulin.
The researchers have three main goals. First, they will determine if the mutation affects the production, distribution or stability of the protein. Second, they will investigate the role of progranulin, which is poorly understood at present. Third, they will try to identify other molecules that progranulin interacts with to determine if they are involved in the disease pathology. The research may lead to a better understanding of progranulin and neurodegeneration inComment: LVM snapshots for iterative backups? (Score 2, Informative) 300 diff of all changes to the original volume, they continue to grow in size as you make changes to the original volume. When the snapshot runs out of space, it simply dies (completely... can't mount it or anything, just have to destroy it).
There are some other possibly valid use-cases (e.g., if you have simple throw-away virtual test machines, you can build a gold image, and snapshot it and then mount & use the snapshot, which allows for a quick restore to the gold state), but keeping iterative backup copies on the local volume for quick restoration isn't really the best idea.This doesn't happen all the time, but sometimes when I'm indoors, the screen flickers between brightness settings. I'm assuming it's the screen trying to adjust to light conditions (cause when I cover the sensor, it stays low), but when I hold the phone completely still, it still tries to adjust, and results in constant flickering. Is this normal? Can I turn this off?Diet - Diseases - Enzymes - Exercise - Health - Herbs - Longevity - Medicine -
Minerals - Natural Health - Nutrition - Stress - Vegan - Vegetarian - Vitamins
[Ed. Note: Real articles in these sections:
Vegan Health and Food Hazards in Animal Flesh and
By-products.]
By Bev Hahler on
This Dish is
Veg
See a live demonstration of IBM’s Aggregate Spend Compliance solution in action! Less than a year remains before aggregate-spend legislation becomes a reality throughout the life sciences industry. Beginning in 2012, pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies will be required to monitor, analyze and report on Health Care Professional (HCP) spending as never before. Legislation like the Physician Payments Sunshine Act means that the value and purpose of even small promotional spending directed at healthcare professionals and institutions must be disclosed, at both the state and federal level. With hundreds of thousands of records affected, manual reporting just isn’t feasible anymore. There’s no time to waste – while reporting isn’t due until 2013, data must be captured throughout 2012 to ensure reporting compliance. Are your systems and compliance processes ready? Are they agile enough to account for differing state and federal rules and reporting requirements? Find out by attending this webcast. Join IBM and FierceHealthcare for a review of the latest developments in aggregate-spend legislation, including a demonstration of IBM’s automated compliance solution in action. Get a behind-the-scenes look at a comprehensive compliance solution that includes:A biology graduate turned race car driver, Leilani began racing stock cars 10 years ago, and now competes in both NASCAR)...
independent internet online publication and is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed
by IndyCar, NASCAR, FIA, Sprint, or any other series sponsor.
This material may not be published, broadcast, or redistributed without
permission.Shiki – 20.5
DON’T drop your flashlight
Overcooled: It’s time for a reunion of all the horror fans, sadists, and overall lovers of great anime who were here lurking or commenting when I blogged about Shiki here. Those just hopping in now are welcome too, of course! This was my absolute favourite series to write about and discuss at length, so it feels good to be back. And this time I’ve brought a friend with me~
Kyokai: So, Shiki special, huh? I still regret the fact that I couldn’t complete it on Sekijitsu. My timetable had just started going on the weird side but this title has been close to my heart for quite some time and I’m glad Cools took it up for Metanorn. Arakawa was quite fun tagging with Cools, so this special had to be covered by the two of us. To make it special of course. Who wants to wait for the next one? No one! Let’s get on with the summary~
Overcooled: Remember that stupid girl no one cared about named Nao? Well this episode is all about how she’s brutally slaughtered, taking place during the human’s counterattack against the Shiki. We get a quick reminder of who Nao is and how happy she was before becoming a Shiki and murdering her entire family. But that was then and this is now. As things are now, she’s another blood-sucking monster trying to escape the humans by hiding in the sewers.
It’s a good thing nothing horrible will happen to me like dying in a sewer hahahahahaha….ha..
The humans aren’t dumb, and they don’t risk leaving the creepy sewer unchecked. A select few villagers go to investigate during the day to kill the shiki in hiding. They come across 3 sleeping shiki and after the momentary feelings of sympathy and guilt pass they get right into pounding stakes into their hearts. The woman don’t so much as bat an eye as they drag the bodies aboveground and transport them to the body dumping grounds.
The humans continue their hunt at night, which means the shiki are at an advantage again. Using the darkness as cover, they try to knock away all the flashlights and headlights while biting as many people as they can. Somehow the humans manage to fight them off, although the encounter is not without a few casualties. Two people are bitten, so our ruthless leader BLONDE DATE MASAMUNE stabs them with a sharp lead pipe. Better safe than sorry?
The shiki who weren’t killed retreat back into the underground tunnels to try to escape. Nao freaks out and starts seeing hallucination of her dead family members floating through the tunnel. She feels like she’s being punished for having such a good life before as well as the whole mass murder thing. The panic is exacerbated once they realize they’re at a dead end and the humans are merrily singing as they slay shiki one by one…
The shiki crawl through a very small pipe in a last ditch effort to escape. Once again, they hit a dead end. They can only wait as they are dragged out one by one by Sadafumi (aka, BLONDE DATE MASAMUNE) and brought to the surface to be killed. As Nao is dragged to her inevitable death, we get a last glimpse at how torturous is must be to never be able to be reunited with her loved ones. She will die as a beast who killed her family and will never be forgiven.
The villagers ran out of stakes, so they proposed the lovely method of tying everyone up and letting the sun do the rest of the work. This is another one of those scenes where I ALMOST cried. Nao’s screams were so pained and seeing everyone squirm as they were slowly burned to death was just…wow. Hasegawa, the guy who used to chat with Nao and never had any of his family killed by shiki went around and put them out of their misery one by one. At the end he collapses in tears, saying that he’ll be alright.
Bonus Screenshots:
SAVE ME, SWEET BABY JESUS
If he had 5 more of those and an eyepatch, we’d be good to go
I’ll just be crying on your butt and clawing at it every now and then, don’t mind me.
Well this is much more humane. Good thinking, guys.
End Thoughts:
Overcooled: Awww yeaahhh it’s the evil humans episode
Kyokai: Srsly. WHAT THE HELL. No main character and still it’s good. I miss Shiki ;3;
Overcooled: lol, did you read the manga?
Kyokai: Nooo, it’s still on the reading list
Overcooled: Oh ok. Well, this episode was an extra manga chapter XD
Kyokai: Aaah. Well I’m not surprised as it’s 20.5. Shit hit the fan in episode 20 so the timeline is pretty relevant with people going on clobbering the vamps. Remember that burly man with a white beard and a large belly? He should be yelling, ‘IT’S CLOBBERIN’ TIME’ at the top of his lungs
Overcooled: Lulz sadly he was off doing other things with Toshio at the time XD
Kyokai: Baaah
Overcooled: But yeah 20.5 was just a little in-between to show, once again, how crazy the humans can get
Kyokai: I missed all the old characters! But the craziness made up for it
Overcooled: Awww, we’ll see them in…22.5 is it? I think.
Kyokai: Yep. The next and last special.
Overcooled: Except the dead ones. HERP DERP.
Kyokai: Muhawhahahaaaa.The best thing about this show is how it portrays the grey area. I mean, yeah vamps are mean bastards who suck your blood but look at humans being more than beasts. Date just killed that dude just because he was bitten. A little nip in the neck don’t make people vampires. At least we are not dealing with zombies. Where was Toshio when you needed him?
Overcooled: That’s what I love about Shiki too. It actually has a story with all that blood unlike a certain Deadman Wonderland… After all that I still side with the humans though. I’d be in there killing everyone too. I wouldn’t risk anything since shiki can control people!
Kyokai: Oh God, don’t get me started on Deadman. I am so disappoint. Yeah, I’m with you on that one: kill the vamps however many tears they shed. Yes, I know they got sad stories but I could never empathize with Sunako and the reason to me Seishin would remain to be weak. But this episode was a good reality check of how people can be mean. The blondie was a good example but at least there was the barman, who had some empathy left in him. The ending scenes were quite touching actually
Overcooled: Haha yes, anti-shiki all the way. Survival, it’s about survival! I still think they got pretty crazy though. Especially when they were singing…oh my gosh. The ending was beautifully tragic
Kyokai: Not that I hate all Shikis. I sympathize with the bishie ones xD
Overcooled: lololol Tohru
Kyokai: NATSUNO TOO. The singing was SO SICK. I was like wtf, why are you singing? Women, what’s wrong with you? It was almost like, they were gardening or something. Such tranquil faces and carrying the shikis in sacks and then tying them up like they were tying up some crop
Overcooled: I know. Just humming hare hare yukai or something and getting rid of the dead bodies. NO BIG DEAL.
Kyokai: It was just so eerie and that is the reason we love shiki so much. It shows the crazy so awesomely and plainly xD
Overcooled: Yes, I love shiki for the depiction of how twisted and crazy people can be while still not being outright evil. I really miss that show now
Kyokai: We need more shows like these! And don’t forget the bgm. OH MAN how much I love the BGM. It’s fitting for every scene
Overcooled: UNF I know, the music is so perfect. Whenever i listen to it on my ipod I immediately remember scenes from the show. In a good way.
Kyokai: Especially the sequence when Nao is going crazy trying to save herself and clawing at the butt of that police guy. NNNGGG. SO GOOD.
Overcooled: Admittedly, I did find it kind of funny that she scratched his butt off
Kyokai: Hahahaaaa she’s such a whiner. And then seeing her kids as ghosts. The face melt was quite awesome and creepy. Ah man, how many times will I say, I miss this show T.T Such quality horror shows should be made more
Overcooled: I never really liked Nao, but seeing her so panicked was somehow incredibly striking. Shiki makes you care about characters you don’t even want to care about, it’s great.
Kyokai: Lol yeah
Overcooled: The horror on their faces is just so realistic. It’ll be a long time until we get something else this good
Kyokai: Who cared about Nao? But now you do. The random characters suddenly flesh out. Same happened with the barman. He literally put many shikis out of their misery. You saw him in the background and then he did that. I agree. Not even sure if this can be repeated if ever. The original material was strong too so it was not all studio’s doing. This just makes me want to watch the second special even more now
Overcooled: I actually read the manga after all the comments saying I should do it XD The manga is just as good, although I prefer the anime for the godly soundtrack and atmosphere
Kyokai: The second special won’t be out till 22nd June, huh? It’s not that far off
Overcooled: Wow, that’s…next week.
Kyokai: I need to read the manga now! I was waiting for the animu to finish. I guess, I can wait another week for that
Overcooled: It’s almost exactly the same, just a few minor changes and an extra side story or two. The anime actually did an awesome job, especially for Kyoko’s surgery scene. Very similar in detail and everything
Kyokai: Oh DAT SCENE. It was brilliant!
Overcooled: I know, my mouth was hanging open the whole time. It’s one of my favourite anime scenes haha
Kyokai: Toshio became a madman instantly
Overcooled: Oh god, I read that as maiden
Kyokai: lollll someone has been reading fanfiction or djs xD
Overcooled: But hey, Natsuno and Tohru were so…sparkly..how could I NOT think that about the show?
Kyokai: I MISS THEM. At least they would come in the next one. Well, at least Natsuno MIGHT show up
Overcooled: Didn’t he blow himself up?
Kyokai: You don’t see him get blown up. But of course, that’s pure speculation. He hated the Shikis so much that he instructed to get himself killed. At least you can give him an A for determination. Anyways let’s just give some final thoughts and wrap this up.
Overcooled: Shiki is on the cusp of being one of my top 10 or even top 5 anime. It knows how to lay on the suspense and create that cliffhangers that have you running up the wall in anticipation. It’s obvious that more Shiki = good, especially when these specials are just as deep and captivating as the anime. They take place in the most exciting part too during the tug of war between the humans and the shiki. Seeing the humans as the evil ones was really…I almost had to second guess my position. Would I kill the Shiki in that situation? Would I show mercy? In the end I’d choose my own survival, but those screams are still quite haunting…
Kyokai: This just reminded me how much of a good show Shiki was. I don’t think any current horror show would touch this as it was extremely well executed. The feeling of helplessness was so strife throughout and you felt empathy for most of the characters, which you never much cared about when the series was airing.Such stark differences is what makes this fun and if you haven’t watched it yet, I’ll say it again, go WATCH IT NOW! You are missing out on some very brilliant horror that can actually creep you out. Till next time, Ja ne~
Once you enter Metanorn, ESCAPE IS FUTILE
POWUH: Occasional (51-75) with 53 comments
So that’s what’s under the enormous Metanorn headquarters building…
POWUH: Meta Team and Ringleader Extraordinaire~ with 6128 comments
Oh shit, the secret is out…
POWUH: Meta Team and The Mad Scientist with 4750 comments
I shouldn’t have revealed anything…. *readies “you know too much” text*
POWUH: Occasional (51-75) with 75 comments
OMG, *Waiting for spanish Sub*
POWUH: Meta Team and Ringleader Extraordinaire~ with 6128 comments
Hopefully, you would enjoy the awesomeness of Shiki special soon! xD
POWUH: and Yaoi Fangirl~ with 2257 comments
Metanorn dungeon eh?
Man, I’m so glad they decide to animate the stuff in the manga that they skip. Although they did make it more humane in this episode. That bartender dude didn’t do shit like that, if I remember correctly. the humans are cruel people in the manga, and so are the shiki
but oh well, I got my blood. GYAHAHAHAHA
POWUH: Meta Team and The Mad Scientist with 4750 comments
I never paid much heed to this chapter in the manga, it seemed pretty superfluous. But in anime form, DAMN, it was amazing.
POWUH: 1100-1199 and Meta's Evil rice-flour Product with 1137 comments
oh jesus, that was so intense :3, oh btw anyone wanna link me to the op/ed singles? i loved the first op
POWUH: Meta Team and Ringleader Extraordinaire~ with 6128 comments
Bow down to my greatness.
OP:
OP2:
ED:
Mini albums:
POWUH: Metanorn Regular with 79 comments
I wouldn’t exactly consider myself a Shiki sympathizer, but Nao’s death and the leadup to it were brutal. Her screams while being tortured and dragged away and those hallucinations she had of her family made things worse, as did that smile she gave at the end before the bartender put her out of her misery. I’ve always thought that this series was best when it was showing the depths that people are willing to sink to in order to survive, and poor Nao was finally on the receiving end this time.
I also noticed that the mob seemed to be breaking away from Ozaki already, since the blonde guy’s response to hearing that bites don’t do anything if the Shiki who delivered them is dead seemed a lot like “Yeah, so?” to me. It’s probably a good thing that Ozaki wasn’t there with the way things went, come to think of it, since he outed the Shiki in part by prominently displaying his own bite marks. Really helps underline just how crazy the mob gets later on.
I missed this series so much.
POWUH: Meta Team and The Mad Scientist with 4750 comments
I would side with the humans just to survive as well, but still…it’s chilling to see how brutal things have to be. Even I was really moved by Nao, a character I never really liked.
The mobs really got out of control. Even the people near Toshio wanted to kill anyone who got bit immediately. Near the end they were practically bloodthirsty.
My God, what are we going to do when the second special is over? *cries*
POWUH: Meta Team and PreCure Mastah with 8096 comments
Ahahah the ass grab and clawing it OUCH!! I died laughing, yes I know I shouldn’t have but something about it just was funny xD
So much damn blood! But good stuff, just shows more of how the humans end up being more evil compared to the vampires.
POWUH: Meta Team and The Mad Scientist with 4750 comments
I’m glad I wasn’t the only one who chuckled at that scene. I just..couldn’t help it!
POWUH: 1000-1099 and Critique with 1024 comments
It was so awesome xDDDD
POWUH: Meta Team and PreCure Mastah with 8096 comments
LOL yes! That poor guy got his ass clawed LOLOL we are so evil.
POWUH: Meta Team and Ringleader Extraordinaire~ with 6128 comments
We are so evil that evilness learns from us… xD
POWUH: Novice (36-50) with 50 comments
I love Shiki and this special proves its awesomeness yet again. The first half was slightly boring to me as the staking felt repetitive, though it was a great build-up for the second part with Nao. I really felt for her and almost wished she would somehow escape. And yeah, the music makes it even more epic and dramatic, and succeeds in making me appreciate the anime even more!
POWUH: Meta Team and The Mad Scientist with 4750 comments
It was a bit repetitive, but I was still enthralled every time they killed someone. It’s still such a shock to the system to see the humans escalate from being timid to murder machines.
The music still haunts me…D:
POWUH: Lovely-pyon~ with 305 comments
This reminded me how much I’ve been missing Shiki! Even without the main characters, this was awesome! I always wondered what happened to Nao since she seemed to have just disappeared, so I’m glad they showed HOW she died (even though I would have loved to see how Natsuno rescued Akira even more.)
POWUH: Meta Team and The Mad Scientist with 4750 comments
I kind of forgot about Nao, but seeing all the side characters was actually a nice change of pace! I’d love to see Natsuno’s rescue too..or anything with Natsuno really. >_<
POWUH: 1000-1099 and Critique with 1024 comments
This special was amazing. It really reminded me of just how GOOD Shiki was. I MUST track down the novel at some point. It’s everything a vampire story should be! I’m so happy! I loved how this episode, despite being just a special extra episode, kept up the strong moral debate that was so present in the series. It’s really what sets Shiki apart, what makes it so well rounded in terms of story. The end scene where all he shiki are frying and Hasegawa takes it upon himself to kill them one by one as an act of mercy, HOT DAMN, that was intense. Amazing.
double rainbow!FUUUUUUU~
On a side note, it’s really quite rare for side characters to be able to carry an episode like this, so major kudos to the studio/mangaka for managing to pull it off.
POWUH: Meta Team and Ringleader Extraordinaire~ with 6128 comments
Totally agree! The awesomely wonderful BGM, the characters keeping your involved till the end and you actually feeling for all the side characters (most of whom, you don’t even remember) just proves to you, how brilliantly this was executed.
Btw, so digging your new DP! XD
POWUH: Metanorn Lover with 199 comments
Shiki…. the horror came back! Even reading the blogging made my stomack twist. Need to watch it. In the evening.
And then have a sleepless night
POWUH: Meta Team and Ringleader Extraordinaire~ with 6128 comments
Remember to watch it with your headphones on and total darkness in your room >> My Ideal Shiki Watch Habit.
Next special to be out soon too; hopefully, we will speedily cover it. xD
POWUH: iLurker with 1 comments
[…] at Sekijitsu, while Overcooled has done the same on Metanorn. We even joined forces for the first Shiki special; don’t worry we’ll do the same for the last one. Coming to the music of this anime, a […]Full TitlePhase I Open Label, Multi-center, Dose-escalation Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Orally Administered CUDC-907, a PI3K and HDAC Inhibitor, in Subjects with Refractory or Relapsed Lymphoma or Multiple Myeloma Back to top
Purpose
The).Back to top
Eligibility
To be eligible for this study, patients must meet several criteria, including but not limited to the following:
- Patients must have lymphoma or multiple myeloma that has returned or continued to grow after at least two prior regimens of therapy.
- At least 3 weeks must have passed since completion of prior therapy and entry into the study.
- Patients must be able to be ambulatory for more than half of their normal waking hours.
- This study is open to patients age 18 and older.
For more information and to inquire about eligibility for this study, please contact Dr. Anas Younes at 212-639-7715 or Amy Copeland, Research Clinical Nurse Specialist, at 212-639-6104.Back to topDrew Curry
Drew Curry returns to Alma College as the Integrative Physiology and Health Science Laboratory Coordinator and Assistant Athletic Trainer. She is a 2008 graduate of Alma College where she earned her Bachelors degree in Athletic Training. She continued her education at East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania where she earned her Masters degree in Athletic Training in 2009.
In addition to her certified and licensed athletic trainer status, Drew is a Certified American Red Cross First Aid and CPR/AED instructor as well as a Professional Rescuer. She also service as a certified athletic training supervisor for the Michigan Athletic Training Student Committee. Her primary course loads include Principles of Athletic Training, and clinical courses within the Athletic Training Program. Furthermore, she also teaches in Human Physiology, Exercise Physiology, Research Methods, and physiology laboratories within the IPHS Department. Her primary sport assignment is the Alma College Women’s Soccer Program, where she also supervises the clinical experiences of the Athletic Training students.
Title
Discipline
Educational Background
B.S in Athletic Training from Alma College, 2008
M.S. in Athletic Training from East Stroudsburg University in PA, 2009Google's Earth Engine to help tropical countries monitor forestsRhett A. Butler, mongabay.com
December.
Speaking at an event organized by Avoided Deforestation Partners, Google's Brian McClendon demonstrated Google.org's "Earth Engine", which leverages technologies developed by Carnegie Institution for Science and IMAZON to rapidly analyze and map forest cover in extremely high resolution in the Amazon. The project has been coordinated and supported," wrote McClendon in a post on the official Google.org blog. ."
McClendon noted that while the Earth Engine prototype applications aren't yet available to the public, Google.org will make them freely available to tropical countries to support their forest monitoring programs when they are ready.
"I believe that this is just the first of many Earth Engine applications that will help enable scientists, policymakers, and the general public to better monitor and understand the Earth's ecosystems," he wrote.
This CLASlite image of the Amazon Basin shows deforested regions in pink and blue, and intact forests in green.
REDD. Therefore a tool that enables countries to measure past deforestation and track forest disturbance and loss shortly after it occurs would be of great value in efforts to fight climate change by cutting greenhouse gas emissions from deforestation..
Related articles
Ethnographic maps built using cutting-edge technology may help Amazon tribes win forest carbon payments
How satellites are used in conservation
Development of Google Earth a watershed moment for the environment
Satellites and Google Earth Prove Potent Conservation Tool
- News Archives >
- Media
Army Reserve senior enlisted Soldier spends Thanksgiving with Reserve Military Police
November 28, 2011
By Sgt. Maj. Troy Falardeau
Photo Credit: Sgt. Maj. Troy Falardeau
Command Sgt. Major Michael Schultz (left), U.S. Army Reserve Command, serves up a slice of freshly carved roast beef to Soldiers at the McGregor Range dining facility on Thanksgiving Day. Schultz traveled from Washington, DC, to the New Mexico training range to visit soon-so-be deploying Army Reserve Soldiers.Posts tagged with: U.S. China Policy
China, U.S. Policy »
I’ve heard many people over the past few weeks question whether we should continue engaging with China as we have–or, even more starkly, whether we should engage with China at all.
The argument goes something like this: Engagement was supposed to produce a different kind of China than we’re seeing today, one that shares U.S. interests. Because the Chinese government is behaving increasingly aggressively against the “status quo” and has been moving backwards on political and economic reforms, engagement has failed and we need another policy.
I understand the frustration underlying this kind of argument; I, too, am deeply troubled by recent trends in China. But we should question the assumptions and reasoning above. Here are a few reasons why:
Read More ».
China »
A New Round of Talks with the Dalai Lama, and U.S. Diplomacy Fails Again?
India »
U.S.-China Tensions Could Leave Room for Indian Leadership
After Copenhagen, many are beginning to rethink their expectations for collaboration between the United States and China. The idea of a “Group of Two” (G2) was always far-fetched and, arguably, misguided. But now that popular perception of a G2 is changing as the world finds it harder to work with China, there could be new opportunities for Asia’s other rising great power: India.
China, Press, U.S. Policy »
Media: Icelandic National Broadcasting Service – Radio 1 “Spegillinn.”
Subjects: President Obama’s trip to Shanghai and Beijing, and the U.S.-China relationship.
Length: 5:42.
China, U.S. Policy »
Obama’s Trip to China
A good reality check today from Steve Dunaway on the true balance of leverage between China and the United States.
The popular narrative in the United States is that President Obama has little leverage in Beijing to push President Hu in areas like its currency peg, Iran and North Korea, or even human rights. But the real story is more complicated, as always.
China, Press, U.S. Policy »
Media: Icelandic National Broadcasting Service – Evening News.
Subjects: President Obama’s trip to China, and the U.S.-China relationship.
Length: 1:45.If you think you’re underpaid, you’re probably right.
If the amount on your paycheck hasn’t budged in years, this should come as no surprise: Companies have been able to hold down wages for the past several years because the economy was crummy and people were happy to have a job, any job.
It’s taken a long time, but that’s starting to change. Although it’s possible your company doesn’t realize it yet, they’re going to figure it out when their talent starts heading for the door. New research shows that American workers are increasingly willing to leave employers that don’t pay enough — and that means the most tight-fisted companies stand to lose their best workers.
In consulting company ManpowerGroup’s most recent Talent Shortage Survey, roughly one in 10 U.S. employers said they were raising starting salaries in response to not being able to find the right workers for their open positions. That’s good news, but a recent CareerBuilder.com survey shows we still have a long way to go. In a recent study, it finds that 35% of employers feel they can pay employees less because there are still more workers than jobs.
But companies unwilling to pay up for good workers are finding that going for the bottom dollar on labor can carry hidden costs. “If you’re paying below what the market dictates for skilled labor, there are implications for employee performance and retention,” says CareerBuilder CEO Matt Ferguson.
“The job market, while competitive, is improving,” Ferguson says. Workers are feeling better about their job prospects.” As a result, he says, “There’s a disconnect happening between what job seekers may expect and what employers are willing or able to provide.”
New research from jobs and salary site Glassdoor.com finds in a new survey that roughly two in five American workers think their pay is unfair. “That’s a big number if you’re trying to attract, retain and motivate employees,” says Glassdoor’s career and workplace expert, Rusty Rueff.
“We still have the hangover from the Great Recession that says, ‘I’m doing the work of two,’” Rueff says. Productivity has risen, and now workers want that what they earn to reflect that a little better.Plus, regular workers are watching CEOs collect huge salary and bonus packages and feeling like they’re entitled to a bigger share of the pie.
And if they don’t get it, they’ll walk — which can be expensive for employers. Glassdoor finds that 62% of survey respondents would consider looking for a new job if they didn’t get a raise in their first year on the job.
CareerBuilder’s survey finds that it costs a company, on average, more than $14,000 for every job position that goes unfilled for three months or more. When the good workers leave, the ones that stay are less skilled and less motivated. Companies surveyed by CareerBuilder that can’t fill positions say they’re experiencing work delays, declines in customer service, lower work quality, higher turnover and lost revenue.
One recent New York Federal Reserve survey finds that New York-area employers rank basics like punctuality and reliability as some of the toughest qualities to find in a worker.
“I think that’s the typical employer complaint when they’re unwilling to pay decent wages,” says Eileen Appelbaum, senior economist at the Center for Economic and Policy Research. “If you want to get better qualified, trained workers… who have a good work history, you have to pay for that.”
6:37 pm
Thu March 21, 2013
Why Fredericksburg Could Be In For a Great Peach Crop This Year
By Luke Quinton.
So until the threat of frost is gone, Roger Crenwelge of Crenwelge Peaches isn’t quite ready to say that this year’s blooms will lead to a “great” year, like 2010.
“The crop right now looks like it’s okay, but until we get through all these hazards, I guess you might say, we’re not exactly sure how big the crop will be,” Crenwelge said.
Cooler weather is in the forecast heading into next week, but so far, not cold enough to damage the peach crop.Since Yuletide is already around the structure, you are already turn to consider of ideas for gifts to your friends and families. If you are intellection around unparalleled but at the duplicate minute important products to elasticity to your friends then this article is perfect for you. Do you see lots of pet owners and you are thinking what could be the human inheritance to cater them? Source, they are sure obsessed and really specific with their pets so one great present purpose to pay them is creation that is utile for their pets. What added is most central in their very progressive manner. Here are the examples of pet foods that you can buy:
1. Hundchen Flocken (Litterateur) Dry Youth Food – this is perfect for your friends who tally puppies age 12 months to 18 months. This is formulated to provide and satisfy the requirements set by the AAFCO dog substance substance profiles for ontogeny puppies. This Innocent Dry Youth Substance has ingredients equal Innocent, Innocent Victuals, ocean seek aliment, brown rice, canola oil, tomato pomace, river oil which is a just shaper of DHA, almond oil, benny oil, also otherwise fruits like cranberries, blueberries, apples, and new solon nutritious ingredients that together gift urinate your puppies fit and tough.
2. Katz-n-Flocken (Litterateur) All Experience Stages Dry Cat Matter – this is a Solid Gilded cat content fluid that is perfect for all types of cats and all ages too. So if your somebody has lots of assorted cats he or she can use this product for all of them without bedevilment that ingredients of this production may not be suited for otherwise types of cats. This is definitely rosy and promotes all the nutrients your cats status. It has ingredients similar litterateur, poulet meal, painter, brownish lyricist, cracked pearled grain, vine protein, canola oil, salmon oil, seek repast and lots of new nutritious and tasteful ingredients. Cats present definitely couple the savor of this set and foremost of all this Katz-n-Flocken (Lamb) All Lifetime Stages Dry Cat Matter testament surely head.
3. Shrub Month All Time Stages Dry Cat Food – this is the last product of Sound Metallic. This is also perfect for any types of cats in antithetical brio stages. This cat nutrient instruction is lyceum in catalyst but low in carbohydrates acceptance and also penetrate inexact to essentially resemble cats’ rude diet. This is a hale quality for cat owners so it is rattling a enthusiastic melody to pay this product as a talent this Noel. Positive, the cats present definitely bask the talent ideas to commit to pet owners and lovers that you bang. You can conclude online keep that trade these products and the cracking things is they jazz integrated dog food transferral so you can essentially course online and meet wait for the products to be delivered in your side door. With this you instrument surely head your friends and of direction their pets paradisiacal.Maya Totman of Florida Keys Wildlife Rescue hopes to keep the oil spill from mixing with garbage because of the deadly impact that could have on the local wildlife."Teaching Resources for Asian and Pacific Islander Heritage Month
May is Asian and Pacific Islander Heritage Month. Below are links to activities, lesson plans, and resources you can use in your classroom from NEA.
Resources for:
May 8
May is Asian and Pacific Islander Heritage Month. Below are links to activities, lesson plans, and resources you can use in your classroom from NEA.
Resources for:
Apr 27
Looking for free resources for your classroom? Below are some great websites compiled by NEA where you can find printables, books, instructional videos for you and your students, lesson plans, and much more.
Apr 13
This Earth Day, April 22, 2015, explore new and review familiar ways to live responsibly. Retired middle school teacher Phil Nast compiled the following resources for NEA.
Resources for:
Mar 24
It’s officially here, and hopefully soon the weather will make it easier to believe it really is spring. NEA offers a variety of lessons, activities, and curriculum resources to help teach students about the new season.
Mar 16
Feb 3
How will you celebrate Black History Month at your school? Here are some lesson plans and resources compiled by Phil Nast for NEA to help you integrate Black History Month into your classroom.
Feb 24
NEA offers a variety of educational resources to support teachers. Below is a selection of websites where you can find printables, books, instructional videos for you and your students, lesson plans, and other free resources for your classroom.
Feb 3
Educators looking to explore the journeys and stories of black Americans today can find a variety of resources online to support their teaching. Below are a few of the lesson plans, activities, resources, and videos available. Read more
Nov 19
Looking for ways to incorporate Thanksgiving into your lessons next week? NEA provides a great list of lessons, quizzes, activities, games, trivia, books, and movies. Thanksgiving Ideas for the Classroom
November is also National American Indian and Alaska Native Heritage Month. See these web pages to learn more:
National Museum of the American Indian
National Trust for Historic Preservation
This website website provides teacher resources, including photographs, geographic location of tribes, and Library of Congress webcasts. You have to dig around, but there is some interesting content on the site.
Es hora de celebrar — Hispanic Heritage Month begins today! This celebration of Hispanic culture and tradition is observed September 15 – October 15 every year. The celebration is timed.
Below are some resources from NEA to help bring Hispanic Heritage Month to your classroom.
NEA Vice President Lily Eskelsen, one of the most influential Hispanic educators in the United States, gave a speech yesterday at a gathering of Hispanic community and political leaders.
“The face of America is changing,” Eskelsen said. .” Read the complete press release and watch video of Eskelsen and other leaders speaking here..
How do you plan to celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month in your classroom? Leave a comment and share your ideas with your colleagues.Chief to promote Territory as education hub
Posted
Promoting the Territory as a hub for international education will be a priority of The Northern Territory Chief Minister on a trip to Vietnam this week.
Adam Giles has travelled to Vietnam with representatives from the cattle, mining, and tourism industries and officials from Charles Darwin University.
Prior to leaving today he said he will be looking at ways to get Vietnamese students to study in regional parts of the Territory.
"We believe that there are substantial opportunities around Darwin, Palmerston and Alice Springs, but we think that could extend into regional areas as well," Mr Giles said.
"So this visit is looking at how we can facilitate that growth and development and we will invite our Vietnamese stakeholders to come to the Territory for a visit."
Mr Giles said he will also be examine Vietnam's animal welfare standards for live buffalo during the trip.
He said he will inspect the first load of buffalo recently shipped from Darwin to Vietnam.
"We'll go over there, inspect the buffalo on their arrival, see how they are being treated and make sure the animal welfare issues are managed properly in Vietnam," Mr Giles said.
"But (we will) also provide a positive response to our Vietnamese stakeholders to make sure that they know we want to continue to support the development of future trade."
Topics: government-and-politics, federal---state-issues, business-economics-and-finance, trade, darwin-0800, vietnamSubmitted by Unregistered User on and last modified on 13 March, 2013 - 13:30
Category:
Description of App:
Apple Watch Support:
Version:
Free or Paid:
Device(s) App Was Tested On:
Accessibility Comments:
Very accessible with a few quirks.
10 Comments
Evaluation of Shredder Chess Lite v1.3.1
Submitted by Bryan Jones on
I also evaluated this App for compatibility with VO and my findings are the same as the original reviewer's.
1. The board is inaccessible to VO and there are no alternate methods to manipulate the pieces or navigate the board.
2. Almost all of the buttons are correctly labeled, and the sliders and on/off switches work properly,
3. The App has many features and options and they are laid out in a manner that seems intuitive.
4. I've emailed the developer (support@skizzix.com) to inquire about making the game accessible to VO.
I love it
Submitted by Tom on
I have used it even before the last update and it was very accessible. It is my favorite chess app. The paid version has many great bells and whistles, but the free app will suit the average player.
Moving on the board
Submitted by Tom on
Just to clarify, it is possible to use the app with VoiceOver.
First find the piece you want to move. Either swiping left and right which may just take forever depending on what you are looking for. Alternatively, you can just browse the board with your finger. Once you found the piece, double tap it. Then find the square you want to move it to the same way. Double tap it and you will have made a move.
I hope this clarifies it, I believe this is a wonderful app and easy to use with VO once you figure it out.
Hi, I agree this app is
Submitted by alex wallis on
Hi,
I agree this app is definitely accessible, one issue I have noticed is in the settings tab.
There is a slider for adjusting the playing strength, I found that when you adjust it with voiceOver the slider appears not to adjust as you get the thump sound from VoiceOver and it repeats the value that the slider was last set to.
But if you flick to the left of the slider the true value of the slider is actually shown.
Also, on the game board there is a button labeled disk, if you tap this this brings up options for saving and loading a game.
These are the only issues I have found so far.
announcements?
Submitted by falcon wings on
Ahoy all.
The question I have is for those of you have downloaded and gave this app a go,are the moves made by the opponent announced by VO?
I guess I could try it myself and see,but there are a few other ches apps around,so I'd rather just download one and stick with it.
a bit OT, does this have sounds? for moves,kills etc. =P. what can I say,the sound for me adds more fun to a chess game.
Hi, yes the app has sounds,
Submitted by alex wallis on
Hi, yes the app has sounds, and yes it does announce the opponents move.
With the light version every time you start the app you get an advert for the pro version and it can be a bit tricky hunting for the button to get rid of it, as the advert doesn't cover the hole screen so you can still navigate the board.
I am going to stick with the light version for the moment though as I am a newbie to chess and just got this app to have a bit of fun with when I am board.
I do understand how the pieces move though etc.
I think the original comments
Submitted by alex wallis on
I think the original comments complaining about app accessibility should be removed as they are simply not true and might put people off from trying the app.
Announcement of Opponent's Move
Submitted by Kelly Sapergia on
I also have this app, but, at least with the 4th Generation iPod Touch, I noticed that the opponent's move announcement gets cut off. The only way I can hear it is by touching the bottom of the screen and flicking left.
Update
Submitted by AnonyMouse on
Alex,
Thanks for letting us know that some of the things have changed since the original poster had submitted this app. So as you may have noticed I've made a few minor changes to this app! Thanks for the heads up.
off to try it now
Submitted by falcon wings on
Thanks Alex and Kelly. I'll go ahead and download it.United States v. 17.83 Acres of Land
Citation: 28 ELR 21132
No. 97-1466, 139 F.3d 897/(4th Cir., 03/18/1998)
The court holds that owners of property atop South Mountain in Washington County, Maryland, were not entitled to an increase in the amount awarded them in a condemnation proceeding. The property owners contend that the district court erred in granting the U.S. government's motion in limine seeking to exclude evidence of a telecommunications tower as the highest and best use of the mountain property. The court first holds that the property owners' failed to show that the highest and most profitable use of their property would be as a telecommunications tower site because they failed to demonstrate that such use was either physically or economically feasible. The property owner's proffered the testimony of three experts regarding the potential value the property had as a site for telecommunications towers. None of the proffered evidence showed how much it would cost to convert the property from its current use as a recreational property to one suitable for a telecommunications tower. Without showing the cost of development, the property owner's contention that a telecommunications tower would be profitable is conclusory. Furthermore, without electrical power, which the property lacked, such use is merely speculative and not reasonably probable.
Counsel for Plaintiff
Ronald M. Spritzer
Environment and Natural Resources Division
U.S. Department of Justice, Washington DC 20530
(202) 514-2000
Counsel for Defendants
Gorman E. Getty III
Law Offices of Gorman E. Getty III
23 Washington St., Cumberland MD 21502
(301) 777-8032
Before Hamilton, Williams, and Butzner, JJ.TUSCALOOSA, Alabama -- Developers and owners are in various stages of planning, but four sites appear to hold potential as Tuscaloosa's next major retail center.
McFarland Mall rests on the corner of McFarland Boulevard (U.S. 82) and Skyland Boulevard in Tuscaloosa. Developer and mall owner Stan Pate wants to bring a $50 million revitalization to the property. (Google Maps)
Proponents of the projects all still need firm commitments from major national retailers, but city Economic Development Director William Snowden told The Tuscaloosa News the ideas under discussion include trying to attract a number of stores not yet in the Tuscaloosa market. They include PetSmart, Bed Bath & Beyond, Dick's Sporting Goods, Ross, Kohl's, and H.H. Gregg.
Two of the sites were in the path of the April 27 tornado, one would be a new center on the site of McFarland Mall, the fourth is a property along Rice Mine Road that was the focus of some residential-retail development discussion four years ago.For anyone working in the public sector, the latest employment figures from the Office of National Statistics make terrifying reading: public sector employment reduced by 67,000 in the third quarter of this year, with private sector employment increasing by only 5,000.
The government's early claims that the private sector would accommodate those forced out of roles in the public sector look increasingly hollow.
Not only are those making the leap to the private sector competing in an ever-shrinking job pool, but they are also finding themselves fighting a new and surprising battle; the misconceptions that many recruiters have of public sector workers.
A recent report by Hays highlighted that employers and recruitment agencies believe that public sector workers are "institutionalised" and used to an "easy life", unable to "hack it" in the private sector.
The reality is, of course, very different. Whilst it is true that the public and private sectors are different and want different things from their staff, public sector managers have an incredible base of transferrable skills, with many having overcome huge professional challenges.
But it is an unfortunate truth that these preconceptions are acting as barriers to many public sector workers trying to find employment in the private sector. I talk to many public sector employees who cannot even get past the first stage of screening that many private sector recruiters put in place. One public sector manager was even told by a recruitment consultant that one employer for which they were recruiting had specifically requested that no public sector CVs be put forward.
How can public sector workers overcome this new prejudice and stand a chance in such a competitive market?
The answer is to "think private". Public managers need to to identify their transferable skills, understand what benefits their experience would bring to a private sector employer and develop an image or personal brand that will get them noticed by the right people.
This is not, of course, easy, particularly if you have not worked in the private sector before and requires careful planning every step of the way, from preparing a CV and writing a cover letter right through to preparing for interviews.
Graham Jenner, a former recruiting manager, is founder of PublicIntoPrivate
Have you made the move from the public sector to a private sector leadership role? To share your lessons with other members of the Public Leaders Network, drop us an email - public.leaders@guardian.co.uk
This article is published by Guardian Professional. Join the Guardian Public Leaders Network free to receive regular emails on the issues at the top of the professional agenda.This archived episode of Scriptnotes is available to Scriptnotes Premium subscribers only. Sign up or Log in at
This:
- Google Translate adds Esperanto
- Esperanto on Wikipedia
- Incubus, the William Shatner movie we couldn’t remember
- Google working on heads-up glasses
- Origin of “thrown under the bus”
- INTRO: A Different World intro
- OUTRO: Call Your Girlfriend as covered by Erato
You can download the episode here: AAC.
UPDATE 2-29-12: The transcript of this episode can be found here.“I got enough support with the avatar/niche work early on, and pushed myself to incorporate more online technology such that I was able to support 45 students in my spring training course – I ﬁgure that this course enabled me to recruit more students than I would have otherwise and thus paid for the course.”
wildopenheart.com
Charlotte Clews
“This is a beautiful and essential course for any woman! I wish every woman in my life would receive the knowledge and experience I gained from this course. I feel so grateful to have been given this opportunity and look forward to continuing to learn and share and support one another on the Facebook group page.”
Tamarind Jordan Stowell, Gray, ME
“This course might help women see the subtle, gentle things a woman can do to help create the best baby body possible. It could open a woman up to the subtle body relationship as well (great meditations). It really, really tuned me into the reality that it is not just Mama to Baby relational flow, but it is really Universe to Mama to Baby. Much, much better way to feel (having had a tough postpartum myself 7 years ago).”
Laura Smith, CAP, LMP Ayurvedic Health Center
“The main reason I LOVE Claudia’s teaching is already in this lesson [lesson 1]. It adds a whole new dimension to Ayurvedic teachings, such as how the practice of dinacharya affects one’s life (the impressions that were made early on). Most other teachers will just teach you to do dinacharya. Also, in the beginning, I was not entirely sure whether I’d like the community aspect of it, but I did enjoy reading the Facebook postings quite a bit.”
Anne Thiel
“I think this course is great, and I have been recommending it and Dr. Claudia’s new book to others. Most of what was helpful for me was getting a more refined vocabulary and external support for what I already was doing most of the time. This gave me a more solid framework to discuss with my partner that I am not being rigid in needing to sleep and eat well and regularly, but that there is a basis in yoga and sister sciences for why that is critical to my emotional and physical health, especially at this time of transition to wise woman.”
Elizabeth Goodman, Washington, DC.
Cate Stillman
“This course was amazing! I truly wish I could convince every woman I know to take it. Dr. Claudia Welch has a gift for communicating important truths about being a woman (or man) navigating life in the 21st century in a very digestible way… one that inspires true change. And Cate Stillman offers welcome insights – don’t miss out on a chance to truly watch your life transform (and yes, if you commit to some simple changes, you’ll begin to see the difference within the 6 week time-frame)! Worth every penny.”
Melody Mischke, Idaho Springs, CO
“This course is amazing in ways never imagined”
Marial Shea
“I am loving the Yoga Health Coaching course. Already it’s helped me synthesize the huge amount of information I received in the Yogahealer.com courses for people who might not want to go so deep into Ayurveda, but just want to feel better. Thank you Cate for helping me teach moms and moms-to-be how to align their whole lives and not just their bodies!” – Jessisa Jennings, ERYT, founder of
Jessisa Jennings
The eat green challenge has been life-changing for me. After 2 weeks on Mega Shift and 1 week on Gentle Shift, I feel fantastic, learned a lot and became more aware of my body’s energies!!! I would sign up for Eat green 2 in a moment. My deep gratitude to Desiree Rumbaugh and Cate Stillman for their guidance, generosity and enthusiasm. Thank you for sharing your knowledge. I am not saying goodbye, I hope the Facebook group will continue to be active. There are more good changes to come, more discoveries to be made.
Natasha Kulikow
I feel like I am making a long term shift to making vaggies and fruit the mainstay of my diet. I’ve never been able to do that with cleansing because I’ve felt deprived, This month, I have focused more on adding rather than deleting. Feels like it will stick.
Alexandra Biondo Strickland
I also want to thank Cate and Desiree immensely. Just back from my Vermont Vacation here where I made green smoothies everyday for myself AND my hosts. Even grandma was drinkin up the green! I felt excellent and full of energy every day of my trip. Connecting with the glorious green nature of VERMONT made the whole experience even more magical. What a fantastic jump start to the rest of my life.
Dee Feleskey Bell
“Hiring a Virtual Assistant to free your time to grow your business.”
Alli Brook
It’s been so great to be part of this community, and even though I couldn’t make the calls live I got so much out of it. Huge thanks to each of you for supporting my own growth and clarity this last year and of course much gratitude to you, Cate, for everything. My own personal health, the health of my family, and the health of my community of yoga students has improved by leaps and bounds, I have learned so much, and I know that it is only just the beginning of even greater knowledge and personal discovery to come.
Natalie Horscroft, Yoga Teacher & Mentor,Living Ayurveda Course 2011-2012
“Minimalist business, savings vs. earnings, retirement calculators, measuring cost + other metrics.”
Caleb Wojcik
Cate’s Living Ayurveda Course is very comprehensive. Not only does it thoroughly cover the basics of Ayurveda, we are also invited to experience Ayurveda “outside the box.” I love having so much information at my disposal at the same time it is going to take time and effort to transform all the knowledge into wisdom.
This course of study is absolutely fascinating and pragmatic. I highly recommend it. Be ready to shift, adapt and evolve!
Jai me Allison,
The Yogahealer Allergy Workshop is a “must have” in any Ayurveda junky’s vault. Whether you suffer from allergies or know someone who does, this information is invaluable! Priced at $25 is so generous because it’s a ton of content including a two hour lecture and work sheets you’ll find yourself going back to again and again. Thank you, Cate!”
Pamela Marshall, Yoga Teacher, New Hampshire
The Living Ayurveda Course has helped me see how choices I make today effect how I will feel tomorrow. It has given me tools and practical tips on how to make better decisions and to live more in sync with nature. From the very first call with Cate I realized this is what I have always known, just simply forgotten. This wisdom is passed on in very practical way and I am so happy to be apart of this journey!
Natasha Krochina, Yoga teacher
“I just wanted to tell you that I so enjoyed the Healthier Kids workshop. I watched via the video from upstate NY and learned SO much great info.”
Amber H., NY, USAIn the sobering aftermath of the Arab Spring, old questions about the pursuit of political freedom have come into fresh focus. Are the risks too great? Is the time too soon?
One after another, arguments that non-Western countries are not “ready” for democracy have been upended by experience.
Recent history in the countries of the former USSR.
Some researchers think “systematic thinking” plays a role.
Rare books tell us much about our cultural history.
In 2003, Rhode Island suffered one of the deadliest nightclub fires in U.S. history. What was the longterm toll on the survivors?
In short, the pivot appears to be a dangerous flop.
Call it the ‘tunnel vision of scarcity.’
Knowing the physical toll the game takes, is it ethical to be a fan?
One thing that made Lincoln unique: his sometimes disorderly leadership style.
Herders uncowed.
Where do India’s billionaires come from?
“Gone are the days of ‘shape up or ship out,’” says one concerned observer.
A look at China’s copycat economy.
The great management debate!
Inside the hidden roots of the financial crisis.
The limits of mentoring.
"Wikipedians are running out of new material to write — and argue — about, and the number of dedicated editors is dwindling."
The way we think about the Enlightenment is not enlightened.
It's not the science, stupid.
The surge goes awry.
Looking at the world through an 'anarchist squint.'
Just because they're guerillas doesn't mean they're primitive.
"The best predictors of adult success and well-being are a childhood in which one feels accepted and nurtured; an empathic coping style at ages 20 through 35; and warm adult relationships."
Love and its costs.Your Skil corded drill is a versatile tool that can be used for many.June 10, 2013:.”
Based on the MFA architecture, the A-class carries an introductory ex-showroom, Mumbai price of Rs 21,93,500 for the diesel (A180 CDI Style) variant and Rs 22,73,500 for the petrol (A180 Sport).
The ‘cheapest’ luxury car in India till the A-class’ arrival was the BMW’s X1 (launched three years ago) which has a retail price tag of Rs 28.3 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai). At the Mumbai launch, Kern said that the A-class is also one of the safest cars available with 11 drive assistance systems and is India’s most fuel efficient luxury car with 1,000km run on a full tank of diesel, having a Cd of 0.27.Friday, May 22, 2015
Filmakademie Names Andreas Hykade Director of Animation Institute
Internationally acclaimed filmmaker Andreas Hykade has taken on the position of Director of the Institute of Animation, Visual Effects and Digital Postproduction at the renowned Filmakademie ... Continue Reading →
FMX 2015 Looks to the Future
The FMX conference on animation, effects, games and transmedia — set for May 5-8 in Stuttgart this year — will be looking at a broad range of topics related to the future ... Continue Reading →
London Animation Fest Kicks Off October 24
The London International Animation Festival (LIAF) will return to the Barbican Centre for its 2014 edition, offering 10 days of forums, workshops and over 200 selections of animated ...
FMX ’13 Programs Take Shape
FMX, Stuttgart’s renowned conference on animation, vfx, games and transmedia is putting the finishing polish on its programming for the 2013 edition, taking place April 23-26 ... Continue Reading →
Meet Mr. Robinson
Longtime Ottawa Animation Festival director Chris Robinson tells us about how he and his team put together a world-class, kick-ass toon event. Anyone who has attended Ottawa’s wonderful ...Boron
Boron is unreactive to most chemical reagents at ordinary temperature. It reacts only with strong oxidizing agents such as fluorine and concentrated nitric acid at room temperature. However, it combines with metals at very high temperatures to form borides, which are generally hard and high melting solids. Some reactions of boron are:
With oxygen
With nitrogen
With halogens
With acids
With alkalies
With metals
With steam
Uses of boron
- As a deoxidizer in the form of its salts such as calcium boride.
- As a moderator in nuclear reactors.
- As an abrasive and a refractory material.
Problem
1. Explain the following a) Boron is trivalent b) the action of boron on mineral acids.
Solution
(i) Boron's atomic number is 5. Its electronic configuration is 1s2 2s2 2p1. Hence it can lose 3 electrons from the second orbit to form bonds, as the new configuration is more stable.(ii) Boron reacts with strong oxidizing acids like concentrated sulphuric or concentrated nitric acid to give boric acid.
But boron shows no action with hydrochloric acid as it is less reactive and needs strong oxidizing atmosphere.
Silicon
Silicon is a very important component of ceramics, glass and cement. Ge is transparent in the infrared region and therefore is used in the making of infrared windows, prisms and lenses.Thorup-Kristensen, Kristian
(2005)
Brug efterafgrøder rigtigt i sædskiftet.
[Optimal use of catch crops in rotations.]
Mark, December 2005 (12), pp. 16-19.
Danish farmers are required to grow around 300.000 hektares of catch crops each year, as part of the Danish regulations of N use and losses from agriculture. The rules set some minimum requirements about how to grow catch crops, but do not attempt to optimize the effects of the catch crops. In the paper it is discussed how farmers can improve the effects of catch crops, both the environmental effects and the effects on nitrogen supply for succeeding agricultural crops. It is shown that it is highly important which plant species are grown, as there are large differences in their root growth and winter hardines. It is also shown that the species choice may have suprising large effects on the N supply for the succeeding crop.
Repository Staff Only: item control page you.
First, Tebow is not the world’s greatest passer, nor is he going to make the world forget Barry Sanders as a runner. However, he is an adequate passer, and he is a better than average runner. To answer the question, however, I have to pose another: What kind of a field situation enhances a runner’s capabilities? Tick tock tick tock. Again I did not hear the correct answer so I will tell you. An open field!
The reason why Tebow was so successful last year was because almost every play he ran started with him fading back to pass. What did this do? Receivers were running down the field; defensive backs spread out trying to cover the receivers, opening the field. Tebow would scramble. One place where Tebow is exceptional is his judgment on when to pass and when to run. Once the passing formation had started to develop he could see the run opportunities. The field was wide open with gaping holes here and there and Tebow could gain substantial amount of yards running. So, in order for Tebow to be effective as an offensive back, the play has to start with him fading back to pass with potential receivers running out, spreading the field.
But how have the Jets used Tebow? Except for two plays this year, it has been entirely as a line-plunging running back in a running formation. His talents have been totally wasted by the Jets, because he has not had a spread field giving him the opportunity to use his judgment about when, where, and how to run. The Jets have totally dissipated his capabilities. And these guys get paid big bucks to make decisions like this.
Now to the issue at hand. The Jets have a quarterback named Mark Sanchez. Sanchez is not a smart quarterback, as he proved Oct. 21 when he took a terrible sack on the last running play of regulation, and fumbled on the final play of the overtime because he couldn’t decide whether to try to throw the ball away or tuck it down and keep it for another play. So he chose the third alternative; he fumbled in a key situation, a Sanchez specialty.
Even worse, if possible, Sanchez leads the league in passes tipped by linemen. While this might be partially the fault of a weak offense in line, it’s mostly the fault of Sanchez. Sanchez can’t even throw a normal screen pass. Several times this year he has had potential large gains squandered because he couldn’t throw the ball over a rushing defender, when all he has to do is lob the ball over the defender’s head. But this simple maneuver is beyond Sanchez’s capability.
Finally, the Jets’ defense. Everyone knows that the best defense against Tom Brady is to pressure him with a big rush. So what did the Jets do today in defending against a Brady two-minute drill and in defending him in the overtime? They relied on a three-man rush with eight defensive backs (akin to the constantly discredited “prevent” defense), which might keep Brady in the pocket but gives him scads of time to pick out a receiver, which makes Brady akin to Superman. And that’s what Brady did twice driving his team down for a tying score and then a winning score. Something has happened to Rex Ryan’s brain because several years ago he did pressure Brady and that’s how the Jets beat New England. Now he seems to have forgotten the word “blitz.” Stupid, stupid, stupid.
To summarize, the Jets are hopeless. Although Sanchez is from USC, which has never produced a Super Bowl playing quarterback, he is not a totally horrible quarterback. But he can’t function without a strong offensive line. The Jets have Tim Tebow, who is capable of functioning without an offensive line, as he showed last year. But they simply do not understand how to use him.
Until they bench Sanchez, give Tebow a shot, and revise their offensive game plan to suit Tebow’s unique talents, it’s R.I.P New York Jets.ROSEMARY SHARLOW SOFTBALL TOURNAMENT UNDERWAY IN ROME
Rome Jr. Spirit’s Sara Casicone slides into home with the winning run. Catlin Reilly tries to make a play.
Jeff Pexton-MHTS/PGI Photo
MHTS Summer Fun Tour
8/2
The 8th Annual Rosemary Sharlow Memorial Softball Tournament is off and running at Kost Field in Rome.
Sixteen teams are competing in the 14 and under age division and six teams are battling it out in the 12 and under age division, on four fields, for tournament title honors.
Mike Riley, Rome Girls Softball Association President, said teams will be competing from all over Upstate New York, in this, the Rome Association’s 25th year of hosting this great event.
The My Hometown Sports Summer Fun Tour made its way to Kost Field #1 this afternoon and caught the 12u game between the CNY Hurricanes and the Rome Junior Spirit.
The Spirit jumped out to a quick 4-0 lead in this one, as the Hurricanes defense couldn’t seem to get in sync in the top half of the first inning.
The first four batters in the Rome Jr. Spirit lineup came around to score in the visitors portion of the first frame.
Kaylee Wood, Matteson Hohen, Tori Spoon and Jamie Weakley, each crossed home plate for the Jr. Spirit, without a single hit being registered.
Trailing 4-0, the CNY Hurricanes settled down, as the defense turned it up a notch after the first inning of play.
Catlin Reilly, the starting Hurricanes pitcher, was unphased by the early snafu’s in the field and went on to pitch three scoreless, hitless innings after the first.
The Hurricanes pulled to within 4-1 in the top half of the third inning, when Danielle Stay reached on an infield error, stole second and came in to score on a MacKenzie Emery RBI single.
After a lengthy thunder, then lightning, then rain, delay of nearly an hour, the teams resumed play and the Lady Hurricanes seemed more intense with the fresh start.
The “Canes bounced back and scored three runs in the top of the sixth inning, to knot the score at 4-4.
Mackenzie Emery, Hannah Horan and Madison Cieslak, all plated runs for the ladies in red, tying the score and rejuvenating the Hurricanes faithful.
The Rome Jr. Spirit showed much of what their nickname implies in the bottom of the sixth however, with a game winning rally.
Sara Criscone reached on a single, stole second and ended up on third, following a passed ball.
With two out and Brianna Kelly at the plate, Criscone scored on a wild pitch, with what would be the winning run in this first round, tournament contest for the 5-4 win.
Congratulations to both clubs on a great ball game and best of luck for a successful run in this great tournament.
Each team will play two more games before the crossover round on Sunday.
The Rosemary Sharlow Memorial Softball Tournament will continue all day Saturday and Sunday at the Kost Memorial Softball Fields in Rome.
If you are looking to see some excellent teams compete for titles in two divisions, do get over there and check this event out!
CNY Hurricanes 5 Rome Junior Spirit 4
1 2 3 4 5 6 R
CNY Hurricanes 0 0 1 0 0 3 4
Rome Spirit 4 0 0 0 0 1 5Nikia C. (Cooper) Bennett (born 1975)
Biography & Family History Add details
Nikia C. (Cooper) Bennett (born 1975) was born in ca. 1975. She was born into the Bennett family.
She married Troy E. Bennett.
Some information about Nikia C. (Cooper) Bennett came from official Texas divorce and marriage records.
This profile of Nikia C. (Cooper) Bennett's life was created by AncientFaces users like you Contribute what you know to reach the people who knew them. Some things we would like to know about Nikia's genealogy:
- Where was Nikia born?
- Where and when did Nikia die?
- What did Nikia look like? Add some photos of their life.
Family Tree & Genealogy
Nikia's family tree can be updated by any AncientFaces member. Simply click the "Add" or "Edit" links to get started.
You can add or remove people from this genealogy by clicking here.
History of Nikia C. (Cooper) Bennett Add details
- Given name
- Nikia
- Surnames
- Bennett family history
- Born
-
- Gender
- Female
- Sources
- Information on this page comes from the following source: Texas Department of State Health Services
Obituary Add details
We don't have info about the obituary records of Nikia. You can add obituary information about Nikia C. (Cooper) Bennett by clicking "Add Details".
Discuss Nikia
Post your memories of Nikia C. (Cooper) Bennett and share them with the family who knew them, by entering your message in the box below. We'll reach out to others who are following Nikia of your post.
All posts you make will be shown below for others to comment on. If you have a story about Nikia you would like to share, consider sharing a storyinstead.
Austin Mahone Teams up with Lil Wayne on Trukfit Fashion Line
The young YouTube discovery will serve has the lines first-ever teen brand ambassador
He’s already caught the eye of Justin Bieber and Taylor Swift, and now 16-year-old Austin Mahone is officially entering Lil Wayne’s orbit. The San Antonio native and YouTube discovery will join Weezy’s Trukit clothing line—Ryan Lochte gets thwarted again, and this time it’s out of the pool—to serve as its first-ever “teen brand ambassador.” Strategically, both artists can benefit from this professional hookup, as Mahone will likely see his star continue to rise and Wayne will carry on expanding both the “Fashion Icon” and “Pop Svengali” portions of his resume. From Trukfit’s official announcement: “We are delighted to welcome teen sensation Austin Mahone to the Trukfit family! We have partnered with Austin to be our first ever teen brand ambassador and are excited to have him rock the Trukfit fashions! Stay tuned for more information on this initiative in the next few weeks…”
Will Austin be allowed to wear some of Weezy’s designs during his opening sets on the upcoming Taylor Swift tour? Sure—as long as they’re red. But don’t let our babbling stop you from check out how excited Mr. Mahone is about it all:
What’s up, Mahomies! A lot of you have been asking me about my Trukfit sweatshirt I’ve been sporting lately… well I’m excited to announce I’ve partnered with Lil Wayne’s awesome Trukfit line for an endorsement deal! More news to come soon, promise
Mahomies, and the casual Weezy fans are curious to see if everything he pushes out is tight and doused in leopard-print.
Photo Credit Getty ImagesThanks for posting the notice and forming this show, Scott! I'm a newcomer to WP and a solid convert. I find it curious that WP was lost as a format, but I'm happy it's being rediscovered.
I hope to have something to contribute by the entry deadline. I'm inspired to make some images.
Peter GomenaIn a NBC Nightly News segment about work-life balance and the challenge of "having it all," Barnard President Debora Spar talks about the need for redefining success. Watch the video clip:
President Spar’s next book, Wonder Women: Sex, Power and the Quest for Perfection, is due to be published this September.Ethel Forsy Forsyth Performer Female Productions ProductionsDate of ProductionsKitty Grey[Musical, Comedy, Original] Performer: Ethel Forsyth [Ethel]Jan 25, 1909 - Mar 06, 1909The Duchess of Dantzic[Musical, Operetta, Romance, Original] Performer: Ethel Forsyth [Therese, Mme. de Beauffremont]Jan 16, 1905 - Apr 15, 1905 Find out where Ethel Forsyth and are credited together © 2001-2015, The Broadway League, All Rights Reserved. (Copyright and Disclaimer)Tuesday, June 30, 2009
Register likes Ricci -- mostly
Monday, June 29, 2009
Obama and Bush not that different
Supremes going too slow on DNA testing
I think I can understand the court's reluctance here, but the argument on the other side is that now that we know how valuable DNA testing can be, it's time to consider such testing part of "due process," which has never been an evolving concept as technology has increased, and the constitution guarantees due process. It wouldn't have been that much of a stretch. The government is rushing to collect DNA from as many people as possible, including in some states people arrested but never charged. It's virtually a standard part of the criminal justice process already. Yet the court shrinks from letting a convict (OK, he was already out on the rape and murder charge and had committed another crime, so he wasn't too sympathetic a character, but the court is supposed abjure sympathy) order and pay for his own test and mandate that the state provide the material with DNA.
This Register editorial, I think, deals with the issue fairly but comes down on the side of as wide a use of DNA as practical in the criminal justice system.
WW II didn't end the depression
How little we know about how much time we have left
Sunday, June 28, 2009
Saturday, June 27, 2009
Arvo Part perfect for writing -- for me
Friday, June 26, 2009
Many police still don't get it
If the police charged with enforcing the law misunderstand it so profoundly, we've got a lot of educating to do. I'll work a bit on my book tonight too. Thought the one I already wrote dealt with all these issues years ago.
Beethoven and Murray Perahia
I suspect I still have, in a cupboard somewhere, the version of this piece I had on vinyl, acquired probably in the mid-60s, with the Budapest String Quartet, but I haven't listened to it in years. (Besides, my favorite was the 9th.) But I did recognize parts of the original in this version. Four instruments make for a much lighter sound (although Beethoven worked the lower register of the cello profitably to enhance sonority in the quartet). This richer version might not be for everybody who knows the original, but I like it. Perahia also plays the Piano Sonata No. 28 (A Major, Op. 101) in a new revision he did. The man knows how to tickle the ivories soulfully!
Thursday, June 25, 2009
Sending out a nestling
Anyway, yesterday we had a little party to wish her well in her next adventure in life. She's been hired by the Wall Street Journal editorial page to be (I'm pretty sure this is right) an assistant OpinionJournal.com editor. So it's off to New York City Sunday for her. We had cake from Zov's and wished her well. I hope she has a great time and takes the place by storm.
Cap and trade a total ripoff
Given our new connection to the WSJ (see next post) I compared and thought our editorial did a much better job than theirs did of explaining the hideousness of the bill. You decide.
Obama Honeymoon ending
Tuesday, June 23, 2009
Iran interventionist morons
Garden Grove loses on medical marijuana
Monday, June 22, 2009
State workers' sense of entitlement
Chapman thinks the upturn is coming
The Southern California Seven.
Sunday, June 21, 2009
Injustice to Iranian-Americans by US government
More marijuana progress
Friday, June 19, 2009
Barney Frank and medical marijuana
What he has introduced is a Medical Marijuana Patients Protection Act, which would change federal law to make it clear that patients in states with medical marijuana laws were also not violating federal law --and move to marijuana to Schedule II, which might be de facto national medicalization. A good proposal but not legalization. I'll pass on what else I learn Monday.
Thursday, June 18, 2009
Legalization option getting serious
Know hope.
Some pushback against giving the Fed more power
But the Obama proposal is fairly typical of government, where nothing succeeds like failure. Has a government agency with a mission made a little progress toward fulfilling it? Give it more money and power as a reward and incentive to finish the job (sometime in the next milennium). Has it failed utterly? Obviously it needs more money and power (see war on drugs). Of the two rationales, failure is the more effective and the more often used.
In a sane world the Fed would be seen as an inherently destabilizing institution with a buiilt-in bias for creating inflation (when I was in high school a candy bar that costs 75 cents now was a nickel) and abolished forthwith. In Washingtonworld is creates a crisis and is rewarded with more power, the true currency in the Imperial City.
They should be blushing
Why does this have to decided by the EU and made a decree, the defiance of which becomes a crime?
I love wine and I think I understand the traditionalists. Proper Rose is made by allowing the grape skins to be in the juice for just a precise, brief moment or two of time, then letting the fermentation process proceed. Blending an acceptable whjite with an acceptable red is cheaper, but it doesn't produce the same clarity, the same delicate color. The EU agricultural poohbahs had been ready to permit it so the cheaper product could be marketed so as to compete with down-market roses from Australia and South Africa.
Since the Europeans have such long traditions about how wines can be named, what would have been wrong with creating a category labeled honestly as something like "blended Rose." But mainly, why does the EU have to make the decision for all of Europe. Couldn't cooperatives or associations have handled the problem. Or is the French disease so advanced that the folks think you can only settle things by having the State, or a Megastate, decide?
Wednesday, June 17, 2009
More White House secrecy
Preoccupied by Iran.
Tuesday, June 16, 2009
Illegal immigratioon: victim of recession
Now we have figures released by the U.S. Customs and Border Control reporting that nabbing of illegals, generally an indicator of the larger phenomenon of illegal immigration, was down 17% in 2008, to the lowest level in 36 years. The attribute it to better technology and more people (hmm, wouldn't that lead to more arrests?), but grudgingly acknowledge the recession as a contributory factor. Trust me,. it's the biggest factor. I'm sure the figure for 2009 will be lower yet.
Is it a revolution yet?.
More care for more people for less money? Sure!
Here's the Register's response to Obama's speech to the AMA on Monday. It points out that the rising cost of health care in the U.S. has proceeded in lockstep with increasing government involvement, beginning with Medicare in the 1960s (when health care accounted for 5% of GDP, not 16-18%).
Politically I don't think it's exactly a slam-dunk for Obama either.
Rethinking Iran
Monday, June 15, 2009
Presaging Iranian unrest
Iranian regime shaken
As I noted in this post over at the Register's Orange Juice blog, the MSM (at least broadcast) were mostly terrible in their coverage over the weekend. The regime in Iran, a country of reasonably serious interest to the U.S., is undergoing what may be an existential crisis and Carrie Prejean gets more airtime. The blogosphere (see links in the post) did a much better job, with special kudos to Andrew Sullivan.
Executive pay and stagnation.
Saturday, June 13, 2009
Looking like election fraud
Iranian election troubles
Mousavi has suggested his battle for an honest election might include taking to the streets. Stratfor.com is concerned enough that it has put out a Red Alert suggesting that serious civil unrest is possible. I have no inside information -- didn't even have a chance to call Iran experts Friday -- but I'll be checking the news pretty often this weekend.
Friday, June 12, 2009
LA dealing with dispensary hardship cases
Have a Facebook user name now
Things that aren't in the Constitution
Wednesday, June 10, 2009
Medical marijuana news: mostly heartening.
Obama on Israel-Palestine: mysterious
Don't show off
The crazies coming out?
Tuesday, June 09, 2009
Health care? Expect more taxes
The notion that deepening government involvement will lead to saving money, as the administration and its lackeys keep trying to make us believe (and maybe to convince themselves) is chimerical. But they seem determined and savvy, and resistanbce is less at this point than in 1993. I think Mike Cannon at Cato is doing some of the best work being done on health care issues, including this paper just released delineating the failures of the Massachusettsmodel, and a steady rain of articles and blog posts. If reasoned argument cold do it more nationalized health care would be dead in the water. I suspect if the administration falters, however, it will be due to divisions in the Democratic party rather than reasoned argument.
How Asians love classical music
Here's a review of the NSO's first concert on the tour, in Macau.
Of course classical music in both countries is a symbol of wealth. If the current recession gets worse -- and considering the hair-of-the-dog approach the administration has taken that seems likely-- it will be interesting to see if classical music suffers seriously or has the resiliency to make it through hard times.
So near and yet . . .
Monday, June 08, 2009
The economics of piracy.
Obama's Cairo speech redux
I'm in Facebook now
Will Asians save classical music?.
Friday, June 05, 2009
Sotomayor more "ethnic" than advertised
The White House has attempted to finesse Sonia Sotormayor’s 32 words about a “wise Latina woman” etc. etc. by saying she would probably have chosen different words if she had a chance at a redo. But the release by the White House of a collection of her speeches and opinions (and her 173-page completed questionnaire) suggests that this wasn’t a case of careless use of words one time, but part of a fairly standard stump speech that she used a number of times between 1994 and 2001 and beyond. John Dickinson at Slate, hardly a right-wing crazy, thinks the White House may have misfired by suggesting that Republicans didn’t complain about a similar phrase (without the “Latina”) in a 1994 speech when she was up for the 2nd Circuit job, so why are they whining now? But the fact that she seems to have had that opinion for many years and expressed it in public may be a bigger problem in the confirmation hearings.
Looking at the speeches also suggests a keen awareness on Judge Sotormayor’s part of her ethnic background and how it sometimes made her feel like a “stranger in a strange land” (beginning at Princeton in the 1980s, which wouldn’t be a surprise) even as she was rising to the top of her profession. “The Latina in me is an ember that will burn forever,” she told Hofstra students in 1996. Her awareness seems coupled with a determination to be a good role model and urge other Hispanics to apply themselves seriously to advancement.
In my view, none of this makes her a “racist” as Rush Limbaugh wants to insist, nor does it disqualify her for confirmation. Her record in discrimination cases also suggests that she wasn’t automatically sympathetic to claims of discrimination. Still, I regret (though I think I understand) the gender/ethnic tribalism in which she chose to participate.
I still think the talk-radio mob — recognizing that the medium thrives on controversy and outrage even if it has to be self-manufactured — made a big mistake by attacking her so relentlessly. She’s going to be confirmed anyway and she won’t affect the balance on the court (she might even be more conservative than Souter on some criminal-justice issues, arising from her experience as a prosecutor). While acquiescing in her inevitability, Senate Republicans could have presented themselves as thoughtful critics of her approach to judging without emphasizing her gender or ethnic background. But it’s probably too late for that now.
Obamaglow starting to fade
To be sure, Obama has taken over entire industries, in ways that do not bode well for a successful return to the private sector, and put in place an immense amount of deficit spending. But I suspect he will prove to be more disappointing thasn advertised to the hard left and less utterly disastrous than feared to the right.
Thursday, June 04, 2009
Obama impressive but . . .
That was almost too easy!
I was impressed from the beginning with the businesslike sense of mission the Lakers showed from the outset. Kobe was the key, of course, and took the game into his own hands in a sterling 3rd quarter. But everybody came to play and to win. I have been impressed with Stan Van Gundy during these playoffs and I think he'll be able to make some adjustments and have his team ready to be competitive Sunday. But tonight it was all Lakers.
Wednesday, June 03, 2009
Let's get these finals started
I think the key will be how well Andrew Bynum can defend Dwight Howard. If he can keep him farther from the paint, make him change shots and the like, I( think the Lakers will come through pretty handily. In six. I think.
Abortion wars returning
Tuesday, June 02, 2009
Empire of adolescent fear
All hail Government Motors
The administration says it just wants to nurture GM back to profitability, but as I also pointed out yesterday, decisions will inevitably be politicized in ways that undermine much hope of profitability. Ah, what wonders there are in this Brave New World.
Medical marijuana: Two steps forward . . .
The court action had asked Iowa to legalize medicinal marijuana because 13 other states had done so. One board member even recalled the old chestnut everybody claims to remember about their teenage years, claiming she asked her father as a teenager about staying out late because all the other kids were allowed to and being asked, "If your friends jumped off a bridge would that mean you had to jump off a bridge?" I'll leave it to you to suss out the kind of mind that would come up with such an inapt analogy, starting with the idea that these bureaucrats view free American adults as adolescents who can be allowed to do only what our in loco parentis types (loco parents?) -- them -- allow us to do.
But the news wasn't all negative. A proposal to legalize medical marijuana squeaked through the Illinois state senate; it gos to the House next. The state senate in New Jersey has passed a medical marijuana bill and it goes before an Assembly committee Thursday, after which presumably the full Assembly can vote on it. It may seem slow but progress is being made.
Monday, June 01, 2009
Torture: not only immoral but ineffective
It is difficult to believe that the use of torture got anything very useful or saved lives. As this Stratfor piece explains, the only real rationale for torture (except perhaps for purposes of humiliation or punishment or sadism) is the ticking-time-bomb hypothesis everybody invokes but has never happened in real life. What the U.S. needed after 9/11 was basic information about al-Qaida, which it was sorely lacking (and the Bushies ignored the people like Michael Shcheuer who did know something), not operational stuff (which changes almost immediately in a reasonably competent organization once they know somebody with certain info has been captured). They got some with conventional interrogation techniques and would undoubtedly have gotten more if they hadn't turned to torture. Not only a moral outrage but a strategic mistake.
The bird is still hanging around
So now it's Government Motors
It isn't just the big three, but the parts-makers that supply them that are hurting, and many are in the Midwest where Obama and other Democrats will want to keep noisy interest groups happy. Some in Congress will see government ownership of GM as a jobs program; others will see it as an opportunity to make sure GM makes the cutest little fuel-sipping (switchgrass of course), green and eco-friendly cars imaginable, imagining it will have an impact on climate change. Neither is the path to profitability unless gas price go through the roof again soon.
Sorry, GM. You brought it on yourself, but it's still sad. Check my prophecy in a couple of years.
Quote of the Day
Administrivia: Inbound Watch
This bit of administrivia is the page where we sign up folks who have volunteered for Inbound Watch, the exercise of monitoring the top ten items on inbound links
to catch newby-style edit issues (natter, first person, wonky indentation, etc.).
Forum topic here
.
The Inbound Watch ChecklistActions to take on a "shift."
- Check through the top ten to make sure they are good examples for newbies. That is, for each:
- Clear out any "this troper" and first person stuff.
- Make sure indentations meets Example Indentation in Trope Lists.
- Clear out any natter.
- Spell check.
- Add them to your watchlist, monitor for changes, and put in fixes as the shift goes on, with good edit reasons.
- Lounge around in the stunningly attractive Watcher uniform inspiring awe and wonder from the bypassers.Challenger Newsletter
How far in advance must I schedule a party? We require a minimum 2 week advance booking of a party so that we may ensure sufficient staffing needs.
Cancellation Policy There is a non-refundable $50 cancellation fee for ALL parties. We can change your party to another date and/or time, depending on availability, at no additional charge.
You'll need to bring additional snacks (if you wish), drinks, and cake/ice cream/cupcakes. We'll do the rest! (If you need extra pizzas, please let us know 2 days prior to your reservation so we can order them for you!
Absolutely. We have found that children younger than 5 may not fully engage in some the activities but Challenger Space Center will do our best to accommodate your guests of any ages!
Still have questions? No problem! Call (623)-322-2007 and we'll do our best to answer all your questions!
© 2013 Challenger Space Center Arizona 21170 N. 83rd Avenue ~ Peoria, AZ 85382
Phone 623.322.2001 ~ Fax 623.322.3716
Visit the Center | Educate | Hold an Event | Media Room | Volunteer/Employment | Donate | About Us | Event CalendarBIM Manager
- Recruiter
- Eden Brown
- Location
- London (Greater)
- Salary
- £45000.00 - £60000.00 per annum
- Posted
- 11 Feb 2014
- Closes
- 11 Mar 2014
- Ref
- 186411EHO
- Edward Howard
- Sector
- Architecture
- Function
- Architect, Architectural Technician...
- Arts & Entertainment
- MediaCowboy Martini
[Photograph: Christine Tsai]
Do cowboys go for mint and lemon in their gin? Maybe not, but this drink from James Stuart of The Trilby is deliciously fresh and puckeringly tart.
Cowboy Martini
About This Recipe
Ingredients
- 7 mint leaves
- Ice
- 2 ounces Bombay Dry Gin
- 1/2 ounce freshly squeezed lemon juice
- 1/2 ounce simple syrup
- Garnish: mint leaf
Procedures
- 1
Place mint leaves in a cocktail shaker and fill with ice. Add gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup. Shake well.
- 2
Strain into a chilled Martini glass. Float a mint leaf on top for garnish and serve immediately.
Thanks for commenting!
Your comment has been accepted and will appear in a moment.
Previewing your comment:Main :: GearBox
by arqe on 2012-04-07 06:13:44
Hi everybody,
I have installed my Gearbox 3.72 on Win XP64 using Toneport UX2. When I hit the option Hardware & Driver settings from the menu help or the button Toneport UX2 Driver setting from menu Edit/Preferences/Hardware nothing at all happens. How do I set the latency, buffer size etc. then? Is there something I am missing? Thanks for reply.
by Line6Don on 2012-05-23 17:39:20
The Line 6 Audio-MIDI driver settings can be found in Windows on the Control Panel, and in MAC OSX on the System Preferences.
If you still have questions, please know that Line 6 is no longer supplying support via the forums. Instead, you can create a direct support ticket at:
The information above may not be current, and you should direct questions to the current forum or review the manual.Jacob's Pillow Celebrates Bill T. Jones With Talks, Awards, And New Exhibit, Alonzo King, Artistic Director of Alonzo King's LINES Ballet, was honored and in 2009 the Award was given to Merce Cunningham, whose company gave its final performances during his lifetime at Jacob's Pillow., photographs, and films.
About AuthorStill no resolution. It’s not time to panic just yet, but we’re almost there.
To those who have been living under a rock, the NHL CBA is set to expire on September 15th and if a new deal isn’t reached before then, there will be a lockout. Also, just a side question, what’s it like living under a rock? Is it renter friendly? I may need a place to stay soon as there are too many reminders of hockey in my apartment.
It’s unfortunately so close I can taste it. And it tastes bloody terrible. After yesterday’s look at the young and awesome Vancouver Giants, and last week’s spotlight on the sport of football, I’ve decided to continue the trend of “looking elsewhere” for your sports entertainment.
Nope, sorry I’m thinking of something a little more obscure. Who among us doesn’t love getting in on the ground floor of the next sports craze? I know I do. So instead of focusing on the NBA, MLB or heaven forbid the LTL (Left Turn League aka NASCAR), I’ve hit the internet in search of a sport awesome enough to temporarily fill the hockey void in my life.
You don’t have to speak the language to love the sport. In four days it’s going to get awfully crappy around here, so here are seven obscure sports I’m going to follow instead.
I’m also going to find a way to get a pool going for each of them. If you want in, let me know.
Day 11 – Alternatives.
Sport # 1 – Hurling
What is it? I was on a date once (yes, it happens!) and the television in the bar was playing a sport which I had never seen before. It was fascinating. The girl in question was quite pretty, but I became incredibly engrossed in what was happening on TV. She didn’t go out with me again (definitely saw the future of me keeping one eye on the TV while conversing with her) but my affinity for the sport of Hurling remained.
Simple Terms: Baseball, soccer and rugby banged and Hurling was their offspring. Their incredible offspring.
Sport # 2 – Sepak Takraw (translation: “GREATEST THING EVER”)
What is it? The most amazing sport involving feet on the planet. Yes that is a direct shot at soccer, kickboxing and extreme foot rub.
Simple terms: “No hands” foot volleyball.
Sport # 3 – Botaoshi (translation: “CRAZY JAPANESE POLE GAME OF DEATH”)
What is it? One of the most intense and brutal sports I’ve ever seen. In a nation filled with crazy sports and athletic deathwishes, the high art of Botaoshi impresses even the most jaded sports fans. One team of 75 protects a pole. One team of 75 needs to tear it down. Yep, those numbers are correct. Holy freaking yes!
Simple terms: Tear down the pole, let none stand in your way.
Sport # 4 – Octopush
What is it? How Sean Connery says “Octopus”
Simple terms: Underwater hockey with snorkels and the constant threat of drowning.
Sport # 5 – Equestrian Vaulting
What is it? Probably the most irresponsible and dangerous sport I discovered while doing my research. On a list that includes Botaoshi, that statement carries some weight. For people who think gymnastics is just too freaking easy, add a real horse to the mix and watch the fun. Pommels are the laziest breed of horses. They just stand there.
Simple terms: Gymnastics on a freaking horse. This is the maximum amount of badass gymnastics can be.
Sport # 6 – Unicycle Hockey
What is it? … hockey… on a unicycle.
Simple terms: You want simpler terms than that? Fine: “hockey for virgins”.
Sport # 7 – R.P.S.
What is it? A game of intense mental focus and concentration. A sport that will push you to your very limits. An incredible athletic contest that will shatter your preconceived notions of what it means to be “athlete”.
Ok, it’s actually just “Rock, Paper, Scissors”. But they have a league with official rules and everything. So maybe watch some of this instead of hockey?
Or don’t. Yeah, probably don’t.
Simple terms: Ultimate Timewasting Championship
Riveting.
Well that about wraps it up. I said I’d share seven new sports with you, and I have. So I suppose that means it’s time to move on and–
NOPE!
I’ve saved the best for last. A sport that I have legitimately been into for a few years now. One of the greatest combinations of physicality and mental acumen I have ever witnessed. A sport so awesome it could only have been born in the shadow of communism. A contest so beautiful no number can dare be attached to it. It belongs on no countdown, it cannot be ranked and it will not get out of your heart.
Ladies and gentleman, I give you your hockey replacement:
CHESS BOXING!
What is it? Boxing, only instead of sitting in your corner during round breaks, they bring out a chess board and you play your opponent. You can either win by knockout or checkmate.
Think about that for a minute.
Say you are playing chess and your opponent takes your queen. As all my fellow chess nerds out there know, that means your ass in most games. So if the chessboxer makes it to the end of the chess round, he has got to beat his opponent in boxing before another round of chess happens. That means haymakers folks!
On the flip side, if you are getting pummeled in the ring, your only hope is to out-chess your opponent before you have to fight him again. That means… well whatever the chess equivalent of a haymaker is.
Watch some highlights and enjoy.
So that’s what I’m doing today, and while I’ll check back in with the NHL tomorrow, that’s what “Day 12″ is for.
Let us all hope a deal is miraculously reached and there is no “Day 13″….
You folks want more Botaoshi, don’t you?
Amazing.
PREVIOUS ENTRIES:
You can follow j.Bowman on twitter (@jBowmancouver). He tried unsuccessfully to be the “bad boy of rock paper scissors”. Apparently using a middle finger every round will get you disqualified and kicked out of the sport. Jerks.Congratulations, you have just entered a pledge!
View and pay for your pledges here
For all Simple Donations, you can pay them now by clicking the link above. All Per Lap donations can be paid after the Fun Run. Per Lap sponsors will receive an email following the Fun Run with instructions for completing payment.> Then I got warnings about the same color for background and foreground, > which I took just because I like it in this way. I can't see the reason, > except to proof the colors, that this is listed and not just "Correct". Hmmm I would avoid the same foreground and background color modern search engine SPAM detection algorithms claim to use it as one of parameters. Even if it is not case today it will be possible pretty soon. Just a hint to avoid possible problems. -- Zoran on Thursday, 5 July 2007 01:05:23 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 21:40:43 UTC734
��STRADIVARI.
��with the old handle : or some acuter person, in order to enhance the value of a better instrument which has suffered this loss, has deprived the cheap Stradivari of its head to grace an instru- ment to which it communicates a greater value. The loss of the head does not affect the tone of the fiddle, but it detracts greatly from its appearance and commercial value. But this loss of the head is not the only cause of cheapness in Stradivaris. It will often be found that they are too thin in the wood, or have been so damaged in the belly or back that the most skilful repairer cannot revive their tone, though he may restore their solidity and appearance. It should be remem- bered that although lateral fractures (in the direction of the grain) do not greatly diminish the tone and value of the instrument, transverse fractures (across the grain) in the belly damage it incurably. Respectable dealers are always cognisant of the condition of the instruments which they sell, and the best advice that can be given to an intending purchaser is (i) to purchase of no one but a dealer of high reputation, and (2) not to purchase a cheap instrument. 1 [E.J.P.]
STRAKOSCH, MAURICE and MAX, brothers well known in the United States for a quarter of a century as entrepreneurs of operatic and concert ventures. Operatic enterprises in America have generally been undertaken by managers who have carried their troupes through the country, making sojourns in the leading cities of from one to four weeks, occasionally longer, ac- cordingly as the patronage warranted.
Maurice Strakosch, the elder of the twain, organised, in 185-;, a concert-troupe, including Mme. Teresa Parodi, Signers Tiberini and Marini, vocalists, and M. Paul Jullien, violinist, with himself as musical director. The vocalists of the troupe afterwards appeared in opera at the Academy of Music, New York. Subsequent enterprises in which Maurice was interested were as follows :
1856, concert-troupe Sigismund Thalberg, Mmes. Parodi, Amalia Strakosch (wife of Mau- rice, nle Patti), Edward Mollenhauer, violinist. Bernhard Ullmann, Thalberg's business manager, was a partner in this enterprise, as well as in that of
1857, Italian opera Mmes. de la Grange, d'Orme, Strakosch, d'Angri, Vestvali, Frezzolini, Sigs. Labocetta, Macaferri, Gassier, Carl Formes. Maurice the.n took Frezzolini to Havana and New Orleans, on an operatic tournte.
1858, Italian opera Mmes. Paradi, di Wil- horst, Strakosch; Sigs. Brignoli, Squires, A modio, Barili being the other members of the company, and Jacob Grau a business partner.
1859, Italian opera Mmes. Colson, Gazza- nigsa, Albertini, Strakosch, Adelina Patti (her first appearance), Natali, Sigs. Brignoli, Bou- varde, Stigelli, Amodio, Ferri, Barili, Junca, Susini. Ullmann was again a partner. Patti's ex- traordinary success saved the season, and she was
i The writer desires to acknowledge the assistance he has derived In preparing the above article, from the members of the firm of W. B. Hill & Sous, aud from Mr. George Hart, both of Wardour Street.
��STRAKOSCH.
taken to Havana in the following year, and sub- sequently to Europe, by Maurice.
On Maurice's departure for Europe, Max, who had, during the previous seasons, acted as busi- ness agent for his brother, became manager. His enterprises and principal artists have been as hereafter set forth, Italian opera being under- stood in each instance, except as otherwise in- dicated namely,
1861 Mmes.Hinkley, d'Angri, Sigs. Brignoli, Susini, Mancusi. Jacob Grau was a partner in this venture.
1862-1863, concerts Gottschalk, pianist ; Car- lotta Patti, Mile. Cordier, Sig. Brignoli, vocalists ; Carlo Patti, violinist. Carlotta and Carlo were sister and brother, respectively, of Adelina.
In 1864 Max went to Europe with Sig. Brig- noli (for whom, with Maurice's assistance, an engagement was procured at Les Italiens, Paris), and returned with Wehli, pianist, and Mile, de Kattow, violoncellist.
1865 Mmes. Ghioni, Cannissa, Strakosch; Sigs. Errani, Macaferri, Mancusi, Morra, Susini, Graff. Sig. Franceso Rosa, director.
1866 Mme. Parepa, Sig. Brignoli.
1867 Mme. de la Grange, Sig. Brignoli.
1868, Italian opera and concerts, in conjunc- tion with Max Maretzek; Miss Clara Louise Kellogg, whom Strakosch had brought back from Europe, being in the troupe.
1869, concerts Carlotta Patti being the lead- ing attraction, and during the season making a brilliant triumph as the Queen of Night in ' The Magic Flute.'
1870, concerts Mile. Christine Nilsson (first appearance in the United States), Miss Annie Louise Gary, Sigs. Brignoli, Verger, M. Vieux- temps, the distinguished violinist.
1871 Miles. Nilsson, Duval, Miss Gary, Sigs. Brignoli, Barre, Capoul, Jamet ; Max Maretzek, director. Thomas's ' Mignon ' was produced with Nilsson in the title-role.
1872, concerts Carlotta Patti, Sig. Mario.
1873 Mile. Nilsson, Torriani, Maresi; Miss Gary ; Sigs. Campanini, Capoul, Maurel, del Puente, Nannetti, Scolara. Sig. Muzio, conductor. The troupe was subsequently strengthened by the addition of Miles. Pauline Lucca and di Murska. Verdi's 'A'ida' was a leading feature in the season's business.
1874 Miles. Albani, Heilbron, Donadio, Ma- resi, Potentini; Miss Cary; Sigs. Carpi, Ben- fratelli, de Bassini, del Puente, Tagliapietra, Fiorini. Sig. Muzio, conductor. Wagner's Lo- hengrin,' Marchetti's ' Ruy Bias,' and Verdi's ' Requiem Mass ' were brought out. The com- pany was strong and the repertory was carefully selected, but the venture entailed heavy losses on the management.
1875, opera and concert Mme.Tietjens.Mme. Arabella Goddard, Miles. Beaumont, Carreno (whose reputation as a pianist was already great, and who now made her debut as a vocalist) ; Sigs. Brignoli, Reina, Orlandini, Tagliapietra, Gott- schalk (brother of the pianist), Mr. Tom Karl. Max Maretzek, Gotthold Carlberg, conductors.
�� �:30 → 01:10
5...Homes sold at foreclosure auctions often go for less than what's owed on them.
When a homeowner can&#039;t or won&#039;t keep up with mortgage payments, his home can end up in foreclosure. What this means is that the lender holding the mortgage will attempt to repossess the house. Often, the lender then tries to sell it off, many times at a special foreclosure auction. Most of the time, the bank is trying to recapture as much of the loan balance as possible, though it often takes less.
Considerations
Foreclosure auctions usually aren't held at the location of the home being sold off at auction. A contract auction company site is an example of a typical auction location. Keep in mind that there are also two different types of foreclosure auctions. There are those related to mortgage foreclosures and those related to tax foreclosures. The second is a civil action brought by a municipal tax body such as a county.
Bidding Procedures
Foreclosure auction bidding procedures vary from state to state. You could be required to show up with the full amount of the money you intend to bid. Alternatively, you might only have to show up with a preset percentage of your winning bid amount. The rest would have to be paid within a certain amount of time after the auction's close. Cash or cashier's checks are the preferred methods of payment.
Auction Procedures
Homes being sold through mortgage foreclosure are usually offered up by an auction company auctioneer. Remember, these auctions tend to attract large numbers of professional investors. Bidding can also be spirited, especially if the home has real potential as an investment or if it's particularly attractive. As with most other auctions, the auctioneer will open bidding with a minimum bid. From there, bidders can decide whether to meet the bid or drop from the auction.
Winning Bids
If you're the winning bidder, you'll usually meet with the auctioneer or his assistants immediately after bidding closes. You'll hand over your cash or cashier's check and you'll get back documents verifying you as the auction's winning bidder. In some states you can take immediate possession. In other states, you may have to wait for a month or more before taking ownership. In those cases, a court will usually have to confirm you as the new owner.
Warning
Many states also allow for a home redemption period. During that time period, the home's old owner is given a chance to redeem her property. She'd have to buy the house back from you for your winning bid amount plus fees. You could also be responsible for evicting the home's tenants. Lastly, most bidders try to get these homes at about 20 percent or more below full market value. Spending more than that isn't usually recommended.
References (4)
Photo Credits
- gavel image by Cora Reed from <a href=''>Fotolia.com</a>- Green Street - -
No suspension for Rondo, Hinrich
Posted By Mike Petraglia On May 1, 2009 @ 8:24 pm In General | No Comments
NBA spokesman Tim Frank announced Friday night that neither Rajon Rondo [1] nor Kirk Hinrich [2] will be suspended for Game 7 on Saturday night at TD Banknorth Garden [3]. [4] bench.
Hinrich shoved Rondo and both head coaches came onto the floor to restore order. Rondo was assessed a flagrant 1 foul while Hinrich was assessed a technical for shoving Rondo.
Both players remained in the game.
Article printed from Green Street:
URL to article:
URLs in this post:
[1] Rajon Rondo:
[2] Kirk Hinrich:
[3] TD Banknorth Garden:
[4] Celtics:
[5] > No suspension for Rondo, Hinrich" data-Tweet:
[6] : #disqus_threadHonne and tatem
Honne and tatemae are Japanese words that describe recognized social phenomena.
DefinitionEdit
Honne (本音?) refers to a person's true feelings and desires. These may be contrary to what is expected by society or what is required according to one's position and circumstances, and they are often kept hidden, except with one's closest friends.
Tatemae (建前?), literally "façade," is the behavior and opinions one displays in public. Tatemae is what is expected by society and required according to one's position and circumstances, and these may or may not match one's honne.
Honne and tatemae are arguably a cultural necessity resulting from a large number of people living in a comparatively small island nation. Even with modern farming techniques, Japan today domestically produces only 39% of the food needed to feed its people so, before the modern era, close-knit co-operation and the avoidance of conflict were of vital importance in everyday life. For this reason, the Japanese tend to go to great lengths to avoid conflict, especially within the context of large groups.
The conflict between honne and giri (social obligations) is one of the main topics of Japanese drama throughout the ages. Stereotypically, the protagonist would have to choose between carrying out his obligations to his family or feudal lord or pursuing a forbidden love affair. In the end, death would be the only way out of the dilemma..Delivery in Charlestown
I just moved to Charlestown and I'm looking for the best places to get delivery. I don't need a ton of choices, just the best of the following catagories.
Sushi
Salad
Pizza
Wings
Thai
I've done dining in and would rather not deal with the wait or price, but I do know that's an option. I'm looking for direct delivery for all of these types of food.
Thanks for your help in advance!
We live in Charlestown too! For Pizza - we usually get Jenny's Pizza since they are a couple of blocks down Medford Street from us. They will also deliver for $1. We usually get the Jenny's Special which is fairly meaty and very yummy. They have a website that is not too helpful since there is nothing on it:
For Thai we usually get Chow Thai Cafe which is great. They have no website, but you should be able to see their menu if you just google. If you order/go there more than once, the owners will get to know you and may even remember your name! I can't remember how much delivery cost was from there, but can't imagine it was much.
Welcome to the neighborhood!
Sushi : Billy Tse in the North End
Salad/Sandwiches : Cafe Padima on Cambridge Street near MGH
Pizza : Paolo's Trattoria on Main Street in Charlestown
Thai : Similans (Brown Sugar Cafe people) on First Street near Galleria
Mexican : Viva Burrito on Staniford near North Station
For Jenny's they also make a good chicken cutlet...get it on the braided roll.
Soon enough - you will start getting fliers for other places too.Question
Twittermail - We couldn't deliver your message
Hi,
I am getting the following error while sending email to twittermail
". (144979476) "
Can anyone help me with this.
Thanks
Add a Comment
Please login in order to leave a comment.Sign in with TwitterHoward Frosland (1916 - 1976)
Biography & Family History Add details
Howard Frosland (1916 - 1976) was born on March 16, 1916. He was born into the Frosland family.
He died in January 1976 at age 59.
This record of Howard Frosland comes from the United States Social Security Death Index. What is the SSDI?
This genealogy of Howard Frosland's history was created by AncientFaces users Share any information you. Just click the "Add" or "Edit" links to make changes.
You can add or remove people from this genealogy by clicking here.
History of Howard Frosland Add details
- Given name
- Howard
- Surnames
- Frosland family history
- Born
-
- Death
-
- Gender
- Male
- Sources
- Information on this page comes from the following source: U.S. Social Security Death Index
Obituary Add details
There is no information about Howard's obituary records. You can add obituary information about Howard Frosland by clicking "Add Details".
Discuss Howard
Post your memories of Howard Frosland and share them with the world, by entering your message in the box below. We'll reach out to anyone else who is connected to Howard of your post.
All messages you post will appear in the comments below for other AncientFaces members to comment on. If you have a favorite story about Howard to share, consider sharing a story.
Maintain this biography
Compared to other Froslands
The average lifespan in our database of 24 Froslands is 72.5 years old. Howard Frosland lived -13.5 years shorter than this.See more Frosland statsThis morning I received a request from a former employee of Fotango to take over the FOTANGO CPAN account. Of course, I can't give it to him. I also can't give him control of his own code that he wrote while at the company to maintain.
This sort of thing is exactly the reason that we strongly try to discourage the creation of "company" CPAN authors. A company is a short-lived entity, and most will die or be shut down or be bought out or merge or otherwise change during the time it exists. Companies also rarely die outright, they liquidate. Their property becomes the property of some other company, endless recycled between various legal entities that might have no idea about the original.
When a company vanishes or gets bought out, any ability to control those modules as a primary author vanish as well.
This CPAN author is now going to have to apply for co-maintainer rights to his own code in order to keep maintaining it, and demonstrate in the usual way that he has attempted to make contact with the original author (the legal remains of Fotango, wherever they exist).
Of course, if someone knows what the ultimate fate of the Fotango corporate entity is, and can arrange for someone representing the current state of that entity to inform me of who I should reissue a password to for the FOTANGO login, I'd prefer to do that.
Anyone?
It is I (Score:2)
To quote Gross Pointe Blank (mainly because I like quoting Gross Pointe Blank, rather than for any real reason)
Martin: Whole grain pancakes and an egg-white omelette, please.
Waitress: W
Re: (Score:1)
My apologies.
I didn't suggest to imply it was some kind of surreptitious takeover
Re: (Score:1)
My apologies.
I didn't suggest to imply it was some kind of surreptitious takeover.
For smaller companies, the way we recommend you set up shared release is to identify one person as a responsible headline/lead developer.
In this scenario we're talking the likes of Matt Sergeant, Brad Fitzpatrick, Jesse Vincent. People with a more public profile, people who won't just vanish, and ideally people that are part owners.
When an employee uploads a package, you transfer all of the primary namespace rights to this hea
Re: (Score:2)
Re: (Score:1)
If we were to start allowing company logins in numbers, I suspect we'd really need to look at some kind of function to say what to do on the death of the company.
In liquidation (Score:1).
Re: (Score:1)
Since PAUSE (and to a lesser extend CPAN) were created and being run by volunteers that provide a free service, I very much doubt that anybody has any legal handle on PAUSE accounts. The reason why us PAUSE admins are treading very carefully is because we're simply trying to "do the right thing" and accommodate everyone. That's not entirely unselfish: It would be a disaster if users (both owners of PAUSE accounts and "ordinary" CPAN users) lost trust in PAUSE and CPAN.
In the end, I believe, it comes down to
Some progress.. (Score:2)
After getting suggestions from people on who to contact, I've sent emails to people in Fotango's parent company. They've responded positively, but said that people needed to make the final decision are on holiday until at least the end of the month.
Given that prompt response it seems the prudent thing to do now is wait for them to get back, thus sidestepping the need for any further debate over the right course of action.
Thanks again for everyone's help in this matter.I suppose that Ron Rosenbaum was trying to be humorous in his portrayal of the life styles of the not-so-rich and infamous of Long Island, but the anti-Italian comments were unnecessary. ("The Devil in Long Island," Aug. 22). No other ethnic group is singled out for ridicule.
After telling us that Amy Fisher is a product of a "Matzoh-Pizza" marriage, Rosenbaum goes on to say: "Amy was fleeing her Jewish side (or at least in flight from her Jewish father) and seeking danger -- a walk on the wilder side of her Italian heritage -- with rough-talking, gangster-moll-manque Italian girlfriends and tough guy car culture." Excuse me? Amy's mother looked rather quiet to me, hardly a woman to walk on the "wild side."
And then there is the anecdote about the housewife who "openly sought a hit man" and asks a county official with an Italian surname: "Are you connected to the mob? . . . I'm looking for someone to kill my husband." Evidently, the wife was dumber than most in more ways than one. But Ron Rosenbaum, I assume, knows better and recognizes a gratuitous slur when he hears one. GERALDINE A. FERRARO New York, N.Y.That’s His Bag: Old-school soul cat Charles Walker and his Dynamites have so much more to do (Love Is Only Everything out April 2 via Gemco Records; playing Friday, 29th at Mercy Lounge)
Shadow of a Doubt: Longtime electronic innovator DJ Shadow and his "too future" futurism (Playing "All Basses Covered" DJ Set Friday, 29th at Cannery Ballroom)
In The Spin: Bad Religion with Polar Bear Club at War Memorial Auditorium, Road to Bonnaroo Round Two at Mercy Lounge
Plus Critics’ Picks on 8 Ball and MJG, Echo Group, David Mayfield Parade, the Ron Davies Tribute, Dr. John, Cheap Time with Fast Girls, The Black Lillies, Papier Tigre, Frank Fairfield and moreFeatured Video
Removal for non-payment for the upcoming Summer 2015 term will occur at 6 p.m. on Thursday, May 21st.
Featured News
subscribe
Theatre Tuscaloosa Announces A Two-Part Fiddler On The Roof Fundraiser
In conjunction with its upcoming production of Fiddler on the Roof, Theatre Tuscaloosa is holding a special two-part fundraiser starting immediately with online donations...
Veterans Organization to Visit Shelton State Community College
Tuscaloosa, Alabama – Shelton State Community College will host Still Serving Veterans on Tuesday, May 19. Organization representatives will be on the Martin Campus from 8:30 a.m. until...
Shelton State Community College Students Honored
Tuscaloosa, Alabama – Together with Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society, two-year college presidents and state community college associations sponsor...
Shelton State Schedules Spring Commencement Events
Tuscaloosa - Shelton State Community College will host commencement events on May 6 and 7, 2015. Wednesday, May 6, 2015 - Nursing Pinning Ceremony, 6:00 p.m. - Gymnasium, Martin Campus......
view all
Events
Summer 2015 Registration (Full Term, 1st Split Term, and 2nd Split Term Classes)
Fri April 3 - Wed May 27
Summer 2015 Financial Aid Bookstore Charge Period- Online Purchasing
Tue May 19 - Tue June 2
Summer 2015 Financial Aid Bookstore Charge Period - On Campus Purchasing
Wed May 20 - Tue June 2
Summer 2015 Payment Due Date
Thu May 21, by 6:00 p.m.
Holiday - College Closed
Mon May 25
View all events >
Emergency Preparedness
eLearning and ELO
myShelton
Veterans Information CenterPhReAkAzOiD187 wrote:for the finalists who were to recieve the tapes of the reactions. i think a full video would be cool, i know i'd love a full tape of everything. that way i'd get to see what all was there, i haven't seen hardly any of the videos that were entered and judged. by the way, how are you sending them out to the finalists? i was under the impression that a tape was actually sent to you. at least that's what koop told me.
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 5 guestsHouse shoots down e-cigarette tax
A measure that would've taxed electronic cigarettes and nicotine candies and made their sale to people under the age of 19 a crime failed Monday in the Utah House.
Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, proposed HB372 and said it was aimed at preventing youth from using the candy-like cigarettes by making it a Class C misdemeanor for a tobacco shop to even permit a 19 year old to enter their store. It also would hike the tax on those products.
E-cigarettes are smokeless cigarettes that release a water vapor containing nicotine and a scent that simulates tobacco. Filters can be purchased to change the flavors from anything to apple and strawberry flavors.
But lawmakers who opposed the measure said higher taxes on the product wouldn't be a deterrent to youth using the product. The measure failed 29-44.
David Montero
See more about comments here..?
Dennis Prager is a SRN radio show host, contributing columnist for Townhall.com and author of his newest book, “The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code.”Click the title of any of the items below to learn more.
Social Networking icons in the Smoothicon style
Craig and Corey are joined this year by Anthony at Apple's World Wide Developer Conference 2009.
Battlestar Galactica rank insignias and folders to commemorate the series finale
Corey Marion updates his Smoothicons universe with the latest Apple MacBooks and rainbow colored iPods.
Social media blogger and Twitter junkie Wayne Sutton interviews Talos, Corey & Ged about all things Twitterrific.
Scary Halloween themed silhouette style icons
Social Networking icons in Smoothicon style
Halloween treats from the Iconfactory staff.
Battlestar Galactica rank insignias and folders
Latest Apple portables and iPod Nanos in all:Girl meets boy and girl likes boy. But girl is also half a foot taller than boy and thus, epic drama ensues!
S T O R Y - I don't read/watch a lot of shoujo, but from the start, I figured it was a pretty basic plot and as a result, probably a pretty generic story. I was right -- it's a lot of what you would typically expect from shoujo: lots of silly romantic drama, lots of hilarious shenanigans, and the your handful of cute, fluffy moments scattered throughout that always feel like an shot of diabetic sweetness straight to your black, black heart. And it was wonderfully done for the most part. As predictable as the overarching story can be, it was still very engaging and fun to watch. The slice of life approach makes the episode-to-episode drama slightly less obvious, and I really loved that time actually moves throughout the series.
I suppose time progression would logically be more common in slice of life and shoujo series, but since I don't dabble into the genre much, it was very refreshing for me to experience. The series begins as the characters start high school and ends neatly as they graduate. Time moves at a pretty fixed pace, so there's no awkwardness in transitions. I was also really happy to see the beginning, creation, and progression of a relationship -- the series doesn't just end when they get together (I refuse to count that as a spoiler; I mean, c'mon. Did you ever have any doubts?), it keeps going and explores some of their problems and potential future. All in all, it's wrapped up pretty nicely. The story, while fairly generic, is solid, well told, and just silly and fun. The pacing is steady, and though things do feel like they're being dragged along occasionally, the feeling never lasts long. It's a good thing to watch after a shitty day. I'm actually really sad it's over for that very reason.
C H A R A C T E R - Risa Koizumi is a very dramatic girl. It's fun at first; after a while it got a little tiring. But then I came to realize that wait. Girls really ARE like this! They ARE overdramatic and hysterical and crazy and thoroughly ridiculous. After realizing that amazing truth, I didn't mind so much anymore. Risa is just a girl. And that's how they are. Honestly, I can't call her unrealistic in good conscience because everything she does, every over-the-top reaction she has, I can imagine someone I know in real life doing the same. Considering that, I think Risa's actually a pretty damn well done character. She's very sympathetic and easy to relate to, even when she's crying for the fifth time in five episodes. And she grows -- her feelings for Otani evolve and mature a lot throughout the series, and through you're constantly reminded of this progression through three-second flashbacks, it is something that's nice to look back on.
Atsushi Otani is an idiot. It's fun at first; after a while, it gets a little frustrating. But then I came to realize that wait! Boys really ARE like this! They're retarded and stupid and dense and miss all the obvious signs and are super awkward when they do finally get it! Amazing. Once again, I found Otani's depiction to be hilariously accurate on many levels. He does tend to be much less dramatic than Risa, but that's not surprising considering the male stereotype and the fact that his point of view isn't focused on as much until the second half of the series. Though both Risa's and Otani's feelings are undoubtedly romanticized greatly, I found the slower development of Otani's feelings a lot more interesting -- you know what's going to happen, but watching everything unfold is still interesting.
The supporting cast of friends do a great job of contrasting their lovey-dovey relationships with the irregular, often immature, and haphazard relationship of our protagonists. This makes them all noticeably idealized to the point where they're more roles than in-depth characters, but I guess that's all they really needed to be. Seiko and Haruka were fun gimmicks as well. Still, Nobuko was a pretty convincing best friend for Risa, likely because she had the most screentime of the supporting cast.
A R T S T Y L E & A N I M A T I O N - The animation and art jump around a lot in this series, so there's a bit of bad and a bit of good. The opening and end themes had a lot of fun variation to them, though all seemed pretty typical of shoujo, especially in the sense that they played around with the characters' fashion and style a lot. In the episodes themselves, the characters jumped back and forth from a pretty lazy and generic style to a really hilarious caricature style to a super, sparkle-filled, shiny, pretty shoujo style. The first of those three was the most common and got annoying sometimes because there would be strange discrepancies in how certain things (people, buildings, objects) look and I noticed some variations in height differences and proportions, especially for Risa whose lanky shape stands out a lot when the proportions change. The second was really amusing, especially since many of the SD faces are uniquely and hilariously grotesque and the characters don't hesitate to point this out themselves. The final style naturally showed up in all the super romanticized and climatic scenes -- its those scenes they saved their animation budget on, I'm sure -- making everything that much sweeter. It's predictable, but hey, it's gorgeous and cute and it works, dammit.
Another thing I'm sure is pretty common in shoujo, but that I appreciated all the same, was the fact that fashions changed from scene to scene, episode to episode. I loved that characters changed their clothes every day and had a lot of seasonal fashions; they would also be scene shopping occasionally and the clothes they buy would show up later, etc. I also loved that Risa's hair was constantly changing -- sometimes it coincided with her mood and emotions; sometimes it coincided with events or the weather; sometimes it was just different. It's not that big a deal, really, but it makes the characters that much more real and easier to relate to.
Overall, Love★Com's animation is just average, but it's good enough and the style definitely suits the series.
M U S I C - The first time I heard the first opening theme, "Kimi + Boku = Love?" by Tegomass, it confirmed all the stereotypical expectations I had for the series. It's upbeat and cheerful-hopeful, the vocalist's voice has an endearing, dorky quality to it, and the even the name of the song is corny as hell. It felt very right. End themes are generally slower, more somber, and more thoughtful compared to opening themes, and the first end theme, also by Tegomass, was no different. It kind of struck me how different the vocalist sounded. It also felt very right, and both songs really grew on me during the first half of the series.
Surprisingly though, the second pair of themes for the series are even better! I absolutely adore how the second opening, "Hey! Say!" by Hey!Say! 7 starts. In conjunction with the colorful animation sequence, it suits the series perfectly. It's the kind of music that I imagine Risa and Otani would listen to in addition to Umibouzu, and the lyrics are adorable. The same can be said for the second end theme, "BON BON," also by Hey!Say! 7 -- it's much more upbeat than the first end theme (though still reasonably thoughtful and kind of reminiscent) and once again, just adorable.
Love★Com also surprised me by having a really nice general soundtrack. The theme that played for all of the more depressing scenes was especially pretty and sweet to listen to. For other series of Love★Com's technical quality, I usually don't notice the soundtracks because they're generic and bland, so it's definitely worth noting that the music in this actually stood out. It's one of those soundtracks I wouldn't mind listening to outside of watching the actual series.
V O I C E A C T I N G - If you actually know Japanese or if you are just a gigantic dork, you might notice that pretty much all of the characters in this series speak in a Kansai dialect, which makes sense since the story takes place in Osaka. I found this pretty awesome because while a lot of series will have one or two characters that speak in the dialect, few have the full cast speaking in it. The last time I heard so many "aho"s instead of "baka" was in BECK. It's really interesting and neat to hear because even if you don't understand the language that well or realize that it's a different dialect, if you've seen a lot of subbed anime, you'll be able to pick up on slight changes in pronunciation and vocabulary (the most obvious things that I caught were "na" instead of "ne" and "chau" instead of "chigau"). For Risa, I also found her pronunciation of "Otani" to be occasionally distracting because she stresses the "o" a lot more than I would normally expect.
Other than fun dialect stuff, the voices themselves were pretty average. Risa's isn't that memorable, but it works well enough for her role. I was more impressed by Otani's voice because I found that he had a wider range of emotions and a much more recognizable tone overall -- his voice has a really unique inflection when he's upset or surprised, but it's also very charming when he's being serious. Other notable roles: Nakao was surprisingly soft-spoken, which goes great with his character, but was still surprising to hear because few people ever speak that quietly. Seiko's voice was obnoxiously high-pitched, which also went great with his/her character, but it also made me really glad s/he wasn't in too many scenes...
O V E R A L L - Lovely Complex was a much more enjoyable series than I thought it would be, but I'm always happy to see cliches work out. It's very true -- there are no original ideas left, so all there is to do is write good stories. They don't need to be original stories, just good stories, solid stories, fun stories. Lovely Complex fullfills all of above, so even though you know they're going to live happily ever after, you can still enjoy watching it for what it is. As I mentioned earlier, I watched episodes of Love★Com at the end of bad days. They're a shot of sugar and laughs, straight to the vein: adorably effective. Now I need to find another drug
There are no comments - leave one to be the first!SEATTLE — Seahawks coach Pete Carroll is wading into the Bucs-Giants kneel-down controversy and taking the side of Tampa Bay coach Greg Schiano.
"I'm glad it was brought up like this because I think it was a competitor competing, and I don't think there is anything wrong with that," Carroll said at his news conference Thursday, supporting Schiano's instruction to his defense to try to force a fumble as quarterback Eli Manning took a kneel-down in the waning seconds of New York's 41-34 win Sunday.
"That's exactly what you should do: try to win the game. And there was a chance to win the game on that play, and I thought Greg did exactly the right thing. And I would do exactly the same thing if in the same situation."
Carroll was in that situation in the Seahawks' opener against the Cardinals but didn't try to force a fumble.
Giants steamroll Panthers 36-7
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Andre Brown rushed for a career-high 113 yards and two touchdowns as the Giants won their second game in five days, 36-7 over the Panthers.
Brown started in place of Ahmad Bradshaw (neck injury).
Ramses Barden caught nine passes for a career-high 138 yards in his first NFL start. Usual starting receivers Hakeem Nicks (foot) and Domenik Hixon (concussion) also were out. Eli Manning was 27-of-35 for 288 yards with one touchdown and no interceptions.
The Giants scored on their first four possessions to take a 20-0 halftime lead and outgained the Panthers 303-125.
Carolina quarterback Cam Newton struggled and was pressured into three interceptions. He was 16-of-30 for 242 yards. The Panthers had five turnovers, including two by returner Joe Adams.
Report: refs, league meet: The NFL and the locked-out referees union had substantial talks Monday and Tuesday, but no progress was made, Fox Sports reported.
Dolphins: The team received a 24-hour extension to sell 85 percent of its nonpremium seats at Sun Life Stadium so Sunday's game against the Jets won't be blacked out. Several thousand tickets needed to be sold, the South Florida Sun Sentinel reported. … Starting linebacker Kevin Burnett didn't practice because of a foot injury.
Jets: Cornerback Darrelle Revis, who missed Sunday's game against the Steelers with a concussion, was cleared for contact and practiced, and said he will play Sunday.
Rams: Players brushed off comments by Redskins rookie quarterback Robert Griffin III that they were "dirty" and "unprofessional" during their victory Sunday. Griffin III said he was hit after plays and in other unnecessary ways. The Rams said Griffin simply faced an aggressive NFL defense.
steelers: Linebacker James Harrison (knee) and safety Troy Polamalu (calf) didn't practice, and neither is expected to play Sunday against the Raiders. … Linebacker Lawrence Timmons said he was fined $21,000 for a helmet-to-helmet hit on Jets QB Mark Sanchez on Sunday.
Titans: Defensive end Kamerion Wimbley said he was fined $15,000 for a hit on Chargers QB Philip Rivers on Sunday.Cleveland Kids Create
I opened up my Facebook last Monday morning, quickly scanning through a sea of status updates and suddenly stopped on this, a refreshing, meaningful photo:
I immediately emailed Loren Naji, contemporary artist and fellow Clevelander, for the full scoop. We sat down a few days later, and I was treated both to the details, and the inspiration, behind this amazing event.
Meet Loren and Brielle
Brielle, 10 year old daughter of Naji, was granted her first art studio at the age of two. Housed in her dad’s gallery, the Loren Naji Studio Gallery, Brielle’s space was a place of play, a blank canvas on which she could create. Brielle’s love for art has continued; she’s particularly fond of painting and clay, techniques she has learned from her father.
Brielle who has had exposure to the monthly gallery shows Naji curates, just recently suggested the concept behind what is now Cleveland Kids Create. She remembers, “I said, Dad, we should have a kids art show!”
Naji was struck by the idea, noting, “I thought this would be a really meaningful show because it gives kids the opportunity to show in a professional gallery. Then, I thought there could be an even deeper meaning to this if these kids were able to both contribute to great cause and sell their work, giving them a great deal of pride as a result.”
The two then decided that proceeds from the show would go to Bear Necessities Pediatric Cancer Foundation, an organization that helps kids with cancer.
So far, the pair are expecting to see over a hundred pieces of art submitted.
What does Brielle hope to see as her excellent idea comes to fruition? She smiles, her desire is simple: “for a lot of money to go to the kids at the Cancer Foundation.”
To Take Part:
Children between the ages of 5 and 13 years are encouraged to submit art, of any kind, to the Loren Naji Studio Gallery at 2138 W. 25th Street, Cleveland, Ohio 44113, on either Monday, December 2nd between noon and 7:00 p.m. or Tuesday, December 3rd, between 9:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m. Mailed art will not be accepted.
“Anything goes,” the Naji’s share. “We invite kids to think out of the box. Art could be on the floor, on a pedestal, on the wall, hung from the ceiling, etc.”
All art will be for sale and priced at $20.00. Some proceeds will go to the artists and some to Bear Necessities Pediatric Cancer Foundation.
The Cleveland Kids Create‘s opening reception will take place at Naji’s gallery on Friday, December 6th from 6 p.m. to Midnight. Kids hors d’oeuvres will be served and music will add to make the event into a big party!
For more information, call Loren at 216.621.6444.
A little about Loren: Loren Naji is an American conceptual painter and sculptor from Brooklyn, New York, now based out of Cleveland. He attended Kent State University to study graphic design and graduated with a B.F.A. in painting from The Cleveland Institute of Art. He has shown his work in The Cleveland Museum of Art and is the owner of the Loren Naji Studios in Ohio City.
Loren Naji Studio Gallery
Loren on Facebook | Loren Naji Gallery on FacebookYour Score （click star to vote）
Mankind’s only hope for survival lies in the benevolent Leoguards dedicated to Inter-World Defense. Join these Guardians of the Galaxy in the Space Adventure as you battle alienoid species and unearth exclusive treasures!
No guides yet! Submit an article?
No reference links yet! Share yours?
Leoguards CommentSign up and get your own profile to measure your fan growth + for awesome momentum reports to see who's blowing up. To claim this profile, email: hello [at] gigsby [dot] comClose
Armando Tweet
- artist
Armando Gallop (sometimes written as Armando Gallup) (February 12, 1970, Chicago–December 17, 1996), who released material under his first name only, was an American house-music producer and DJ who (More...)
Current Standing:
- ▲ 1.2% 1 month change
- Influential status
- Going Steady momentum
Gig Stats
- 0 upcoming gigs
- 4 past gigs
Social Stats
Please choose a body region on the right for you to pin point the problem area of your body.
Shop by Condition
Shop by Brand
For Medical Professional
by Noah Lam, Chief Operating Officer of CWI Medical
If you ever thought about writing an autobiography, consider starting with your medical history. In fact, it was started even before you were born, and your history is now being penned by your current healthcare practitioner with the cost of a co-pay. It's fascinating to review your past health experiences which make you who you are today. So the healthier you are, the thinner your medical biography would be.
You walk up to receptionist and tell her your name, appointment time and your doctor's name. She hands you several sheets of white copier paper with ink lines and words requesting that you tell them an update of your condition and how you are going to pay for this visit.
Finally, you finish your scribbling and hand the clipboard with the answers you remotely can recall back to the receptionist. As you pass the new updates back, you notice a room behind the receptionist's desk tucked behind the door on the left. Along the back wall awaits an army of biographies lined up like soldiers waiting to spring into action when called upon. Some are wiry and others are portly and thick. You rotate and walk towards your seat to sit down. You also notice everyone else scribbling on the same paperwork.
The clock hands sweep around as you try to read the lips of the news anchor on the television, and then the door swings open. All eyes turn to the nurse as everyone anxiously seeks to hear their name. She looks down at the folder and calls out a name load enough as not to repeat it. Bingo! Off you go, ahead of the coughing person and the one who is constantly scratching their back.
Before you sit down on the exam table and start wrinkling the smooth table exam paper that was neatly rolled out in preparation for your visit, the nurse asks how you are feeling and why did you come and visit. The nurse takes your measurements and vitals, than your weight. You quickly remove the 5 pound jacket and toss the 5 pound shoes on the floor, so that they are not included in the weighing. Then the nurse sticks a thermometer under your tongue for your temperature and takes your pulse. Finally the nurse might take your blood pressure reading. You witness and hear that unique separation of Velcro, and then your eyes follow the mercury rise as the cuff encapsulates your arm squeezing it tight. The nurse releases the valve leaving a whooshing sound, and then says, "The doctor will be with you shortly." The whole time she's been updating your history in that battered manila colored folder. As she walks out the door, she shuts the folder that is about 3 inches thick!
Can you believe that folder contains your entire medical history inside to what amounts to a 3 ring binder? All those questions that you answered on that seemingly endless questionnaire about your insurance information, surgeries, medicines, diagnosis, and family conditions, culminate to what amounts to be your Healthcare and Medical Biography.
Very few travel around with a file cabinet containing every drug, x-ray, and notes about every doctor's visit. More and more people including healthcare professionals have gone electronic. Some doctors are using a computer tablet to jot down notes for your biography. Emergency Medical Technicians now have laptops in their Rigs to update hospitals as they rush patients for immediate medical care. New technology easily shrinks your Bible sized medical history into a little USB Memory Stick that is small enough to fit around your neck like a necklace or on your key chain, such as the MedicTag.
So will your Medical Biography be on the New York Times Best Sellers List or be listed on Oprah's Book Club? More importantly, if a medical emergency arises and you cannot speak, will your Medical Biography be available for the healthcare professionals? Chances are that the more convenient your Biography is to carry, the more likely you will have it on your person if such an emergencyLet Me Tell You About The Blues: Texas [Vol. 3]
Various Artists
Open iTunes to preview, buy and download music.
Listeners Also Bought
- Heritage of the Blues 1947, Vol. 1
- Various Artists
- View In iTunes
- Great Blues Duets and Legends
- Various Artists
- View In iTunes
View In iTunes
Pet Supplies, Gaithersburg, MD
Bowmans Feed & Pet
107 Englar Rd, Westminster, MD 21157
>
Brentwood Animal Hospital
3900 Rhode Island Ave, Brentwood, MD 20722
>
Unleashed by Petco
18306 Contour Rd, Montgomery Village, MD 20877
>
- Unleashed by Petco
- A lot more than you’d expect from a neighborhood pet store.
- 3134 Olney Sandy Spring Rd, Olney, MD 20832
- View Website
- Unleashed by Petco
- A lot more than you’d expect from a neighborhood pet store.
- 13685 Connecticut Ave #11, Silver Spring, MD 20906
- View Website
House of Tropicals Inc
7389 Baltimore Annapolis Blvd, Glen Burnie, MD 21061
If you're successful, we're successful!
Montgomery Animal Hospital
12200 Rockville Pike,, Rockville, MD 20852
Call today for an appointment
Bennett Creek Animal Hospital
22416 Frederick Rd,, Clarksburg, MD 20871
Call today for an appointment
Ambassador Animal Hospital Inc
811 Sligo Ave, Silver Spring, MD 20910
14.6 Miles
"We have been taking our pets to ambassador for a long time. We are very impressed with profe...">
Best Dawg Rescue
Serving Gaithersburg, MD
.9 Miles
>
Bark Kentlands
235 Kentlands Blvd, Gaithersburg, MD 20878
2.9 Miles
>
Home Creations Pet Condos
19427 Brassie Pl, Montgomery Village, MD 20886
1.6 Miles
>
Pet Valu 5028
14933 Shady Grove Rd, Rockville, MD 20850
3.5 Miles
>
Animal Exchange
605 Hungerford Dr, Rockville, MD 20850
4.7 Miles
>
Whole Pet Central
1306 E Gude Dr, Rockville, MD 20850
5.0 Miles
>
Max & Ruffy's LLC
615 Lofstrand Ln Ste A, Rockville, MD 20850
5.0 Miles
>The cream often rises to the top in Atlanta’s ever-bubbling Hip-Hop scene. With artists like Future, Young Thug, and Rich Homie Quan leading the charge for the city’s new generation, it may be time to make way for Two-9, a motley crew of rappers who recently signed to Interscope Records.
Comprised of Curtis Williams, Retro Sushi (Jace & Ceej), and FatKidsBrotha (Lightskin Mac 11 & Dav.E), the collective received their deal through Mike WiLL Made It’s EarDruma imprint. As their movement brewed in ATL, Two-9 extended their reach elsewhere through their captivating visuals and online presence. But with the assistance of Mike WiLL, they conjured up a pair of hard hitting tracks in “Where The Money At?” and “Everybody” — the latter of which just received a visual treatment.
“There hasn’t been a collective of creative coming out of Atlanta like Two-9 since Outkast,” Mike WiLL said in a press statement of signing the troop.
To date, Two-9 (or its group members) have collaborated with the likes of Wiz Khalifa, Chance The Rapper, and Juicy J. They also co-headlined a tour with New York City’s own Worlds Fair.
Two-9 joins Rae Sremmurd, whose “No Flex Zone” single is 2014 favorite, on the EarDruma Records roster. See a video of them signing on the dotted line below.
—
Photo: EarDrumma RecordsAs Dr. Sanjay Gupta explained in an interview with TVNewser yesterday, he may be a journalist, but he’s a doctor first. Last night, Gupta once again went into medical mode during the 10pm edition of AC360.
Gupta, reporting from a field hospital in Port-au-Prince, watched as the few doctors who were there evacuated amid security concerns. He and his crew stayed with the injured, some who’d just undergone surgery, all night.
Gupta monitored patients’ vital signs, administered painkillers and continued intravenous drips. He stabilized three patients who were in critical condition.
At 3:45 a.m., he posted a message on Twitter: pulling all nighter at haiti field hosp. lots of work, but all patients stable. turned my crew into a crack med team tonight.
Later he sent this message apologizing for not anchoring his 7:30amET weekend show, “Sanjay Gupta, M.D.:” So sorry to not anchor my show today. I was still busy at the field hospital.
And Dr. Gupta is not alone. This morning on “The Early Show”, CBS News medical correspondent Dr. Jennifer Ashton,an OBGYN, gave a compelling description of the medical conditions and relief efforts in Haiti. She described it as “civil war medicine.” And just after landing in Haiti last night she assisted in an amputation on a card table under a tree. Video:Dear Santa,
It’s been a little while since I’ve written to you, but this year I have an extra-special request that only you can fill.
Before I get into the specifics, I would like to take this opportunity to point out that I have been pretty darn good lately. Except for the notorious meatball incident and the suspicious fire with the whootzy-whatzit, I have had a downright stellar year. Between volunteering my time at worthy causes in town and curbing some of my more juvenile habits, you are sure to agree that I have been behaving myself quite well, and thus worthy of a little reward at the end of the year. Furthermore, I have grown up a bit since last we corresponded. No longer do I desire world domination, and you will be happy to know that I have finally abandoned my wish to have a scantily-clad Daniel Craig deliver a brand new Aston-Martin DB9 to my house on Christmas morning.
This year, I just want soup. And lots of it.
Here’s what I’m envisioning: My bathtub full of Soupman’s butternut squash soup. No more, no less. I will even scrub said bathtub in preparation for your visit.
In this soup of all soups, the creamy, sweet froth of squash is perfectly balanced by a touch of orange peel and the pungent tang of curry. A cup of this rich, luscious soup is enough to warm you from the inside out on a cold day. It’s soooo good. Comboed with a half sandwich, banana, bread, fountain soda and a piece of chocolate to round out the meal, Soupman sells a generous brown paper sack of food for under ten bucks. (This particular combo ran me $7.85, so this would be a bargain for you and your reindeer on Christmas Eve.)
Soupman features an extensive assortment of soups, offering a rotating selection of eight flavors each day. There is usually one seafood, one vegetarian, a chili, a broth-based soup, and four other varieties. Sold by the cup, bowl, pint, quart and gallon, you can easily purchase enough to feed your family or a holiday party (or to fill a bathtub). Sandwiches are of the homemade variety, usually on fresh, 7-grain bread.
I know you’re busy, so I’ll let you get back to managing the elves and going over your naughty and nice lists. Might I also point out that you are looking quite well and red is definitely your color. Thanks again for your time, and I look forward to eating butternut squash soup well into January.
Sincerely,
Shelley
The Original Soupman, 612 North 11th Street at Washington Avenue, St. Louis, MO 63101
314/621-OPEN Open Monday through Saturday 10:30-3:00, closed Sunday.!
View our brochure.
Want to Stay in Your Home
Learn more about Avenidas Village at our Village Chats. Call (650) 289-5405 to RSVP & to find out dates for upcoming chats.
Testimonials
"The best thing about Avenidas Village, and what I rave to people about, is the friendliness of the people who work there," member Mary Bulf states. "They give me such a wonderful feeling of support."
"This program gives us the security of knowing someone is there if we need them," explains Ellen Gonella. "It is a great program that gives us and other retired people an opportunity to remain a part of the community we have grown to love," adds Paul Gonella.
"Since we're all aging, we all should be planning for what we need now and in the future," explains Dawn Wilcox. "I found I truly need Avenidas Village as part of my personal care plan."
More member testimonials
- 2010 Lifetimes Honoree Serves on Avenidas Village Advisory Council
- Vetted Village Vendors Simplify Life for Local Couple
- 24/7 Coverage Helps Avenidas Village Member Cope
- Avenidas Village Provides Help and Friendship to Members
- Johanna Schmid - Newcomer to Village Volunteering
- Village Members Enjoy Security & Service
- Avenidas Village Extended A Helping Hand During Crisis
- Bonnie Hagstrum Carves Out Lifestyle She Wants Thanks to Avenidas Village
- To Naomi Seeger, Avenidas Village is Family
- Avenidas Village Helps Los Altos Couple
- Los Altos Couple Loves Living in Their Home
- Independence Paramount to Palo Alto Nurse
- Who You Gonna Call? Avenidas Village Members Know the AnswerIf you would to contact me about anything you read on this blog, or if you have a food and wine pairing question, or even if you just want to say “hey,” please e-mail me at: wineandwalnuts@gmail.com.
I would love to hear from you! I really would! Because I’m goofy like that. : )
Other ways to connect:
Join the fun at the Wine and Walnuts Facebook Fan Page:
Or come follow me on Twitter:
Hi Kimberly, I stumbled on your blog and really thought it was quite good. My friend Andie also has a grat blog called cafe 305. Check it out. Hope all is well. SaraNew England Patriots
Who Is Our New NFL Team?
With surprising Patriots loss, the slot is open
The Nation of Patriots
Today on Tablet
Mathletic Prowess
Football Outsiders statistics guru Aaron Schatz previews the NFL playoffs with Tablet’s resident sports fanatic, Marc Tracy, and offers a strong outlook for pro football’s Jews
Two Down, the Pats To Go All the Way?
How our teams fared yesterday
Let It Snow, Let It Snow, Let It Snow
How our teams fared this weekend
Top of the Pack
How our teams fared this weekend
Food and Football
Today on Tablet
Family Ties
Football, food, and the importance of tradition
Melting Steel
How our teams fared this weekend
Enter Sage, and the Giants
How our teams fared this weekend.
111
From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia.
By regional Pokédex number, 111 may refer to:
- #111 Rhyhorn, in the National and Kanto Pokédex
- #111 Scizor, in the New Pokédex
- #111 Grumpig, in the Hoenn Pokédex
- #111 Garchomp, in the Sinnoh Pokédex
- #111 Scyther, in the Johto Pokédex
- #111 Elgyem, in the Unova Pokédex
- #111 Vullaby, in the New Unova Pokédex
- #111 Nincada, in the Central Kalos Pokédex
- #111 Chingling, in the Coastal Kalos Pokédex
- #111 Cryogonal, in the Mountain Kalos Pokédex
- #111 Grimer, in the New Hoenn Pokédex
By Browser number, 111 may refer to:
- R-111 Seaking, in the Fiore Browser
- R-111 Forretress, in the Almia Browser
- R-111 Magneton, in the Oblivia Browser
In the Pokémon anime series, 111 may refer to:
- Hello, Pummelo!, episode 111 of the original series
- Eight Ain't Enough, episode 111 of the Advanced Generation series
- Saving the World From Ruins!, episode 111 of the Diamond & Pearl series
- There's a New Gym Leader in Town!, episode 111 of the Best Wishes series
In the Pokémon games, 111 may refer to:
In the Pokémon manga, 111 may refer to:
- Tyranitar War, round 111 in the Gold, Silver & Crystal chapter of Pokémon AdventuresUnited States Department of Agriculture
Agricultural Research Service
Technical Abstract: DDT did not cause significant CYP1B induction. Our results suggest that catfish CYP1B is induced by the classic AhR ligands.Firefox for Mobile 10.0 Beta 3
Sponsored Links
Firefox for Mobile 10.0 Beta 3 Ranking & Summary
RankingClick at the star to rank
Ranking Level
User Review: 0 (0 times)
File size: 13 MB
Platform: Windows All
License: Freeware
Price: $0
Downloads: 59
Date added: 2012-01-10
Publisher: Mozilla Foundation
Firefox for Mobile 10.0 Beta 3 description
Firefox for Mobile 10.0 Beta 3. Network & Internet
Firefox for Mobile 10.0 Beta 3 Screenshot
Firefox for Mobile 10.0 Beta 3 Keywords
Bookmark Firefox for Mobile 10.0 Beta 3
Firefox for Mobile 10.0 Beta 3 Copyright
WareSeeker.com do not provide cracks, serial numbers etc for Firefox for Mobile 10.0 Beta 3. Any sharing links from rapidshare.com, yousendit.com or megaupload.com are also prohibited.
Featured Software
Want to place your software product here?
Please contact us for consideration.
Contact WareSeeker.com
Related Software
Seo Scores - Monitor rankings of your Web site search engine Free Download
A Flash MX movie that searches the web. Free Download
Eurora3D Graphical Engine - a real time 3D render for the internet. Free Download
Web CEO is a complete professional software package for search engine promotion, Web site maintenance and traffic analysis. Free education and certification in search engine marketing and conversion i Free Download
Database Viewer for Series 60 Mobile Free Download
This widget is a tiny but powerfull search engine. Free Download
Spider Search - scan websites, and create your own Google style web search engine for your site Free Download
The easiest way to find quality sites on the Web. Site Engine is a downloadable module that sits on your desktop and allows you to find websites related to a broad range of subjects, just by completin Free Download
Latest Software
Popular Software
Favourite Software"Why Are You Bored?": An Examination of Psychological and Social Control Causes of Boredom among Adolescents
Academic journal article
By Caldwell, Linda L.; Darling, Nancy; Payne, Laura L.; Dowdy, Bonnie
Journal of Leisure Research , Vol. 31, No. 2 , Spring 1999
Darling, Nancy
Payne, Laura L.
Dowdy, Bonnie
Article excerpt
Introduction
Research on boredom has spanned decades and has been approached from a variety of philosophical, sociological, and psychological perspectives. During this time, discussion in the literature has addressed causes and consequences of boredom. The only apparent consensus is that boredom is a complex phenomenon. Understanding boredom during adolescence is even more challenging because boredom is compounded by concomitant developmental processes. These developmental issues, such as autonomy development, changing cognitive abilities, evolving relationships with parents, and the liminal quality of behavioral demands, make boredom particularly salient for youth. In addition, the amount of free time available to adolescents and the increasing control they have over this time compared to their childhood years suggests free time may provide a new challenge to adolescents as they take on increasing responsibilities for structuring their own time.
The increasing focus on boredom during adolescence is, in part, due to the fact that boredom has been linked with a number of problem behaviors such as alcohol and drug abuse (Iso-Ahola & Crowley, 1991; Orcutt, 1985), higher rates of dropping out of school (Farrell, Peguero, Lindsey, & White, 1988) and vandalism (Caldwell & Smith, 1995). Clearly, none of these behaviors are developmentally or societally productive. Thus, the general purpose of this study was to better understand the phenomenon of adolescent boredom in free time.
Theories of Boredom
Existing research provides us with an understanding of the associated outcomes of boredom in free time, but the body of knowledge is less clear regarding the causes of boredom. Two major perspectives help us understand the causes of boredom: psychological theories and social control theories. These theories are discussed in the following section, and where appropriate, developmental considerations are addressed.
Psychological explanations suggest that boredom stems from (a) a lack of awareness of stimulating things to do in leisure (Iso-Ahola & Weissinger, 1987); (b) a lack of intrinsic motivation, and in particular self-determination, to act on the desire to alleviate boredom (Iso-Ahola & Weissinger, 1987; Weissinger, Caldwell, & Bandalos, 1992); and (c) a mismatch between one's skill and the challenge at hand (e.g., Csikszentmihalyi, 1990). The latter is also known as the understimulation model of boredom (e.g., Larson & Richards, 1991).
Cognitive psychology suggests that adolescents are maturing in many ways that might influence perceptions of boredom. As adolescents grow older, they mature in their capacity to temper or regulate their interactions with their circumstances (Elliott & Feldman, 1990). At lower maturation levels, once boredom is perceived, adolescents might lack the ability to (a) identify changes that could be made and/or (b) perceive ways in which they could act on the desired change. In addition, the speed, efficiency, and capacity of basic cognitive processes change (Keating, 1990) which might contribute to being understimulated, and thus bored. For example, some tasks may seem to be repetitive as cognitive abilities mature, thus producing feelings of boredom.
Psychologically based theories, however, have been based on adult populations and have not addressed the specific developmental tasks of adolescence. The developmental process of autonomy development (Steinberg, 1990), for example, suggests that boredom may be a response of resistance to external control, such as the influence of parents or other adults (Larson & Richards, 1991). This type of boredom might occur in situations when an adolescent is unable to exercise autonomy and at the same time is unable to physically leave the situation; in this case the adolescent may disengage psychologically through the experience of boredom (Eccles et al., 1993). Social control and resistance theories of boredom imply that boredom becomes a standard means of communication that turns into a routine aspect of the adolescent culture. …Narrow your search.
The new HTC One rustles up an impressive list of hardware features and a slick new software shell. So far, the 'M8' stands strong against its influential rivals.
Now that HTC's flagship has been unveiled, we break down the differences between the One M8 and its original One predecessor.
South Korean electronics company reports $13.6 billion in revenue, a 10 percent increase year over year, on strong sales in its mobile, entertainment, and home appliance units.
Now that we got our hands on the Galaxy S4, we pit its specs against those of its predecessor, the GS3. After all, a little sibling rivalry never hurt.
Big Red has no fewer than three 5-inch devices vying for consumer attention this fall. But which one should be on your holiday shopping list?
South Korean electronics giant says its net profits rose 82 percent in the first quarter on the strength of smartphone sales.
IBM services backlog is flat, hardware is pressured, and emerging markets, analytics, and cloud show growth for the quarter.
Dish CEO Joseph Clayton tells Bloomberg that he is interested in a partnership with T-Mobile USA if the AT&T deal falls through.Download this App! SnipSnap for Extreme Couponers
I am not an extreme couponer but I know a lot of you are. I found this app that is available for free on the iPhone and Android phones.
If you never remember to bring the coupons when you go shopping, SnipSnap is an app that digitizes and organizes them on your smartphone. With SnipSnap, you just open the app and use your camera to scan the coupon. SnipSnap will convert the barcode on the coupon photo into a digital barcode that you can scan at the register. The app also collects and organizes all of the coupons that every other SnipSnap user has added, and lets you download them to your phone. In the settings screen, you can even enable background location awareness so the app can remind you when you’re near a store you have coupons for, or you can just choose to be notified when one is about to expire.
SnipSnap is free for the iPhone and Android phones.« Notable 5th Circuit Booker dodge and criminal history decision | Main | Administering Roper »
March 2, 2005
More Roper thoughts and the development of state constitutional law
Not surprisingly, the blogsphere continues to buzz about the Supreme Court's decision in Roper yesterday (early blog buzz is linked here, my early comments are linked here). Will Baude here at Crestcat Sententia shares some thoughts and also has links to the thoughts of many others. I was particularly intrigued by Orin Kerr's "evolving standards of decency" analysis here and Eugene Volokh's state constitutional law insights here and here over at The Volokh Conspiracy.
I especially want to run with the state constitutional law idea because, in my view, it has been insufficiently discussed and litigated in the arena of criminal sentencing. Interestingly, in the search and seizure context, states have often interpreted state constitutional provisions to provide broader protection to individuals than the Fourth Amendment provides, see generally Marc Miller & Ronald Wright, Criminal Procedures (2d ed 2003), sometimes because the language of the comparable state constitutional provision is broader, see generally Hawaii Const. Art. I, sec. 7 (safeguarding the right to be secure against "invasions of privacy").
But I have not seen too many interpretations of state constitutional provisions which provides a broader reading of, say, Eighth Amendment-type provisions as possible limits on non-capital criminal sentences. Notably, more than a few states (including Texas) have a state constitution prohibition on "cruel OR unusual punishments" even though the federal constitution only bans "cruel AND unusual punishments." But, unfortunately, despite severely long sentences in many states, we have not often seen state courts willing to develop a robust jurisprudence concerning the plausibly distinct protections provided by distinct state constitution prohibitions.
These issues seem especially ripe for development in the wake of Blakely and the mess the Supreme Court is making of the federal constitution's jury trial right. Notably, some state constitutions (including Ohio's) provide that the right to trial by jury "shall be inviolate;" it strikes me that exceptions to the federal jury trial right created by Harris (for mandatory minimum judicial fact-finding) and Almendarez-Torres (for prior conviction judicial fact-finding) might be subject to challenge under such state constitutional provisions.
I have seen brief mention of state constitutional claims in only one or two post-Blakely decisions, and I wonder if lawyers are even thinking to raise such claims on a regular basis as the Blakely fall-out gets litigated in the states. Readers are highly encouraged to leave comments or send me e-mails with any notable past or present developments relating to sentencing and state constitutional law.
UPDATE: Ken Lammers from CrimLaw discussed state constitutional law and litigation realities here, and Jeralyn Merritt from TalkLeft was kind enough to provide this link with all the state constitutions.
March 2, 2005 at 01:35 PM | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry:
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference More Roper thoughts and the development of state constitutional law:
Posted by: | Oct 14, 2008 8:24:37 AMState Rt. 109 reopens south of Liberty Center
LIBERTY CENTER, Ohio — State Rt. 109 has reopened south of this Henry County village after being closed for several months for bridge replacement, the Ohio Department of Transportation announced.
Occasional lane and shoulder closings remain possible between Young Street and U.S. 24 for finish work, officials said. All work is expected to end next month.99 funny and creative pictures
99 funny and creative pictures from all over the world wide web.
You need me
Suggestive nun
Life unexpected catastrophe after another
Skeleton with red dress woman
sonic and princess peaches in bed
Star wars baseball
Wire man
Wheels of life
War words play
Underwater room
Ugly world
Scary wtf
together clips
Time to dance
Wtf
Think inside the box
undressed ad
suggestive heels
Suggestive coctail
Street tetris
Street tease
strange icon
Lips with razor
Tiparillo lab technician
Stormtroopers at beach
Smile graffiti
Lego massacre
shark business
Schizo logo
sand man
Robot in city
Rammstein heart cover
Pirate girl
Pimp pope
paper sheet breasts
Painting breast background
Needles
Monster door
Mickey mouse wolverine
McVodka
Lonely pong
Lips and mouth
lawnmover bike
Know your limitations and ignore them
Joysticks
Joker cover
Jager drops
Its been lovely but I have to scream now
Iron maiden anime
Innovative bike
In love with the machine
Ice
I find your lack of sauce disturbing
How to tell if you have a job
Horse with balloons
Hitchiking snowhite
Hide the trash under the pavement
Heart you are here
Harakiri cover
Guitar running
Guitar playing monk
golf green face
Girl with pandas
Girl with jason mask
Girl with dots
Girl with balloons
Girl balancing on chairs
Frozen snow house
Frozen bike
Forever is bullshit
Fight with eva from wall-e
face behind plastic wall
Exercise with dinosaurs
Everything full price
Dummy couch
Concrete car
Computer says no
Clouds
Chucky portrait
Chewie Jesus
Che logos
cat historic painting
Cardboard surgery
Cardboard monster hands
Car apart
C-3PO wheelchair
Burning liquid
Bunny alien with 3 eyes
break up cake
bottle vs cans
black cat
Black and white hair
birds on wire
Birdcage girl
bike art
Astronaut painting
alien icon
Absolut molotov
you rock, you rule
[…] Foto […]ian
You wouldn’t have been the first person to just walk in off the street
Jordan_M
ian
Jordan_M said
ian saidIt’s happened a few times
You wouldn’t have been the first person to just walk in off the street
Your sash is darker brown than mine, no fair!
pixelnourishsays
wpCanyonThemessays
DDStudios said
It shall happen again someday
I’m rather curious about envato actually.I’m rather curious about envato actually.
You should have walked in, sit on a computer, fix that front page bug in 2 mins and simply walk out of there.
DDStudios said
ParkerAndKent said
Envato (Flashden) LOLLLLLL
yeahhhH!!!!! I actually thought “What the?”Next time I’m there I’ll peel off the FlashDen and write “ThemeForest ownz!” with permanent marker
I’d take one of your fingers off and scratch back Flashden with your bone!
I’m just saying!
DDStudios said
...Half way through the journey there my guts dropped by half and I was more like “Yeah, I’ll go there, pass by the door, take a picture of their logo, hopefully chat with someone and leave to never be remembered.”
When I finally reached the building I had absolutely no balls whatsoever and thought “Yeah, I’ll just take a pic of the lobby, their name on the board and leave.”
haha, reminds me the days of my late teenage job seeking ventures!
pixelnourish.How To Grow Your Business Without Going Broke
This article is a reprint of Wise Bread's contribution to OPEN Forum from American Express -- where small business owners can get advice from experts and share tips with each other.
The most common cause of business failure is “failure to launch” … a business that just never gains traction and doesn’t work out. The second most common is success.
Yes… success!
Growth EATS cash. You must constantly re-invest in the business to support the growth in sales. This takes a good business plan, a well thought out cash flow projection, and a comprehensive financing plan.
It also takes something that I see far too infrequently: fiscal discipline. It’s natural and normal, when a business starts to finally grow, to want to let up on the purse strings a little. Up until this point, most entrepreneurs are very, very careful with their cash. But once the money starts flowing a little faster, it’s easy to start spending it faster, too. However, it’s not time to do that yet.
This is the time to double up on your financial management and fiscal discipline — you’re going to need every penny for the next part of your journey.
In the growth years of your business, the game is all about cash flow and profitability. Here are a few tips on managing both.
Cash Flow:
- Keep your bank accounts at an institution that likes to lend to businesses like yours, and cultivate a relationship with the commercial banker. A locally owned community bank is a great place to get started. Many businesses have been saved by a line of credit to fund inventory or receivables. If you already have a banker who knows you, your chances of getting that money are a lot better.
- If you don’t have a background in finance and accounting, hire someone who does, or make certain that you have an excellent consultant.
- Use a rolling six-month cash flow projection to manage your cash flow and consult it on a daily basis. It’s a lot of work and takes constant adjusting, but it’s well worth the investment of time. You will see clearly what is happening to your cash. For example, if customers are paying you more slowly than you had anticipated, it will show up right away when you compare your cash to your projections. You will also know well in advance when you will require outside cash, whether from a loan or outside investors. You will be able to show your lender or investor exactly where their money will be used, and how soon you’ll be able to pay it back or pay a return on the investment. When you wait until the last minute to go out looking for money to grow your company, it’s very difficult to get it.
- Take advantage of installment payment plans wherever possible on things like insurance. Why tie up your cash by paying for the entire year in advance? This is a fairly cheap source of cash.
Profitability:
- It’s critical to generate as much profit and cash as possible from internal sources. This means that you must proactively manage the profitability of your company.
- Every dollar you save is another dollar you don’t need to borrow or raise. This is where fiscal discipline and financial management comes in.
- Do your best to keep overheads as low as possible. If your business can’t be run out of your house, and is not a retail or location dependent business, choose the least expensive location you can, and continue your frugal “startup” ways with your office expenses.
- Have a budget for overhead, marketing, and other non-product costs, and stick to it. Compare your actual spending to your budget every month and cut back if necessary.
- If sales don’t grow as fast as you anticipated, cut expenses early. Don’t wait!
- As you grow, it’s nice to keep your expenses variable, so that you can ramp up without having to make big increases in spending. For example, instead of setting up your own warehouse, you could use a fulfillment warehouse, who will bill you by the transaction, to do your shipping and receiving until your volumes are big enough to justify the expense of setting up your own warehouse.
- Another way to use this same “variable expense” concept is by hiring part time people instead of full time. When you need a bit more help, they can work extra hours without going to overtime, and you always have trained help available. This is much more profitable than hiring full time people before you have full time jobs for them.
- We may soon start seeing inflation again, and many small business people are not used to this. You’ll want to watch your costs closely, and if necessary, raise prices a small amount at a time, rather than having to go back to your customers for a large price increase after your profitability goes down.
All of these steps require reliable financial information on a timely basis. Don’t skimp on accounting and financial management – you need to know where you are, and how you got there, in order to get through this stage of your business journey. Navigate it wisely and frugally, and you’ll end up with the business you dreamed of.
Disclaimer: The links and mentions on this site may be affiliate links. But they do not affect the actual opinions and recommendations of the authors.Commercial ...
Apr 16 -
Albany - Legal - Legal
We'll be sending text message alerts for your subscription toMidcoast Maine Lighthouse Challenge June 28-29
.jpg)
The arrival of summer brings with it a chance to spend time with family and friends along the Maine coast by participating in the seventh annual Midcoast Maine Lighthouse Challenge.
The Midcoast Maine Lighthouse Challenge is a fun-filled event being held Saturday and Sunday, June 28 and 29 that challenges participants to visit seven lighthouses .
The keeper’s house at Owls Head Light Station and the Maine Lighthouse Museum in Rockland are also participating as a bonus sites for lighthouse challenge participants. The keeper’s house is home to the American Lighthouse Foundation’s interpretive center and gift store, and the museum features a gorgeous display of Fresnel lenses, as well as other lighthouse beacons and artifacts that the whole family is sure to enjoy.
In addition, cruises to view Curtis Island Lighthouse in Camden and Indian Island Lighthouse in Rockport (bonus sites as well) with Camden Harbor Cruises are also being offered. There is a charge for the cruises.
The Midcoast Maine Lighthouse Challenge is sponsored by the Friends of Rockland Harbor Lights, and its parent organization, the American Lighthouse Foundation. For more information, call the American Lighthouse Foundation at 594-4174 or visit lighthousefoundation.org.Deals Nutonian nabs $4M to stuff smart machines with data and see what pops out October 23, 2013 3:48 PM Eric Blattberg 0 VB Insight team is studying marketing and personalization... Chime in here, and we’ll share the results.DDoS Attack Trends Highlight Increasing Sophistication, Larger Size
DDoS Attack Trends Highlight Increasing Sophistication, Larger Size
The cybercriminals behind distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks are outsmarting application logic, and now have the power to administrate more targeted attacks. Bandwidth sizes are also steadily increasing, causing server overload and poor connectivity.
Are the two issues even correlated? Read this expert e-guide to find out if these attacks are in fact related to bandwidth sizes, and how DDoS mitigation service providers are responding to this critical problem.Buckskin Gulch is chock full of solitude in early winter and typically dry, although you still need to follow standard precautions for a slot canyon hike. With a good forecast, day hike east five miles from the House Rock Valley Road, first following the Wire Pass drainage and then going deep within the beautiful, flash-flood-carved, walls of Buckskin Gulch. Retrace your steps to the road and scoot south, a little more than a mile, to the Arizona border. There, backpack four miles southwest, following the Arizona Trail as it switchbacks up to the Kaibab Plateau. Don’t forget to take in the sweeping views across Buckskin’s slickrock plateau to Navajo Mountain.
Contact Information
Bureau of Land Management: (435) 644-4600,About
You Are At:
AllSands Home
>
History
>
People
> Eleanor Roosevelt biography was the daughter of Anna and Elliott Roosevelt, who was President Teddy Roosevelt's younger brother. She was born in New York City on October 11, 1884. Her mother died when she was eight and her father passed away when she was ten. Her grandmother sent her to boarding school in England, and this turned a shy, awkward girl into a lady with accomplished social graces. She returned to America for her debut and met distant cousin Franklin Roosevelt at a party. They were married in 1903 and during the next eleven years, Eleanor gave birth to six children, one of whom died in infancy.
After serving in the New York State Senate, Franklin Roosevelt became Assistant Secretary of the Navy in 1913. During this time, Eleanor learned what Washington expected of political wives at that time. In 1918 Roosevelt developed pneumonia, and Eleanor, while assisting with his mail, discovered letters revealing an affair between her husband and her personal secretary. Franklin Roosevelt was offered a divorce by his wife, but he realized the effects to their children, his mistress, and his political future would be devasting, so he initiated a reconciliation. While Eleanor continued to help her husband politically, things were never the same after that. She distanced herself from her domineering mother-in-law and began her own agenda. This was the beginning of her devotion to causes benefitting victims of poverty, prejudice, and war.
In 1921 Franklin had been playing with his children at his newly remodeled New York home, Hyde Park. That night he went to bed with a fever; no one knew right away that he had polio. Franklin Roosevelt would never walk again without the aid of heavy leg braces, crutches, or a cane. Because the main means of mass communication was radio, and because the press looked the other way, Americans were not aware of the extent of his illness.
When she became First Lady in 1933, Eleanor Roosevelt understood social conditions and needs better than any of her predecessors. She became the first President's wife to hold press conferences on her own, give lectures and radio broadcasts, and she even wrote a daily syndicated newspaper column, "My Way." Historians later regarded her as the most influential First Lady of the 20th century.
Americans got to know Hyde Park well. Its small office on its terrace became the summer White House. Many dignitaries were entertained at dinners here. In 1939 Roosevelt deeded Hude Park to the nation as a National Historic Site. In 1940 the Frankin D. Roosevelt Library adjacent to the house was dedicated. The Roosevelts began using the new office in the library, and frequently brought items from their home to be included in the library's archives.
President Franklin Roosevelt died on April 12, 1945, after serving as president longer than anyone else. Eleanor returned to a cottage at Hyde Park. At the request of President Truman, she began her service as an American spokesman at the newly formed United Nations. She resigned in 1953 when Eisenhower became president, and traveled the world giving speeches on behalf of the American Association for the United Nations until her health worsened. Eleanor Roosevelt died November 7, 1962, and is buried next to her husband at Hyde Park.
disclaimerDATE: 14.03.2012
AUTHOR: muedbinvie
18andabused blog pass
Download full version software, new serial numbers, best software cracks, keygen, activation code or unlock code, generator, patch, activator.
18andabused pass - Ablog.ro - Gazduire bloguri, jurnale personale.
working username and passwords for 18andabused. increase traffic is a blog discussing methods to vamp. View it, download it, pass it to your friends, they'll.
18andabused Com User Pass | Free Serial Crack Keygen Blog.
working username and passwords for 18andabused
Crack Keygen Serial (only) Downloads: Status: Crack_18andabused com login and password: 7899: Keygen_18andabused com login and password: 3444: Serial_18andabused com.
Information about 18andabused.com traffic, social media. Blog Rank. GET YOUR PASS; LOGIN; Click here for records required.
18andabused.com is run and operated by videosz.com, to which I have a membership. sadly. View All Blogs
Find detailed information about 18AndAbused.Videosz.com - like contact info, an SEO. Blog; About; Help/FAQ; Contact AboutUs.org; Careers; Online marketing articles. SEO
View account logins and passwords for 18andabused.com here. Stop faking your details- bypass the mandatory registration wall of 18andabused.com instantly.
18andabused-free-username-pass
18andabused Com Login And Password | Blog for Real Warez Fans
18AndAbused.Videosz.com - AboutUs Wiki Page
18andabused pass 2011 Free megaupload free full download, 18andabused pass 2011 Free. Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of.
18andabused blog pass 18andabused-free-username-pass
Can i take valtrex with ambien Arhiva PREMIUM ACCOUNTS [new]: Premium Accounts - ADULT PASSES, Filesonic. 18andabused-free-username-pass 18 and abused.com - Large Penis Support Group - LPSG.ORG 18andabused com premium accounts daily updates - Download 18andabused.com password .Pure Pout
Of equal importance to the pigments that pretty your pout is the formula that graces your lips. And since there are few things we love more than an all natural standout, we’re shining a spotlight on our newest chemical-free favorite, ILIA Organic Lipstick.
With a vibrant range of hues and an exceptionally conditioning formula, ILIA’s line keeps your kisser colorfully soft, sans the toxins. Made from 85% certified organic botanicals—think: moisture-rich essentials like jojoba oil, cocoa butter and vitamin E—and packaged in a recycled aluminum tube, these eco-chic lacquers are impossible to resist. This spring, keep your pucker pure with one of ILIA’s stylish shades!
Availability: Ilia Lipstick ($24 each). For additional information, visit iliabeauty.com.
Boots No 7
Poppy King Lipstick
$10
BB Cream
Eyelash Curler
Dramatic Mascara
You might think that my dark circles are due to my kids, or work, or simply insomnia, but they’re not. I’ve only got Threes! to blame. The cool new Threes! app for iOS has got me absolutely obsessed.
Slide numbered tiles around a board, and combine tiles to form larger numbers; either 1+2=3, or two tiles of the same value to double them (3+3=6, 6+6=12, and so forth). It may sound complicated, but it’s not. Which is why I can’t put it down.
Every time you make a move, another new tile appears on the board. So here’s a tip: it’s best to make combination moves that help eliminate multiple tiles. This gets really important as you accumulate tiles with higher values, like 96 and 192 and 368, because you’ll have to combine a bunch of other tiles to get a second 96 (or 192 or 368) to combine with the first one. All while more tiles keep appearing every time you make a move.
Why yes, that’s my high score so far. Not bad, huh?
Reading this back, it really does sound complicated, doesn’t it? Again, I promise it’s not. But it is ridiculously compelling, so don’t download it and start playing right before bedtime unless you’ve got nowhere to be until noon the next day. I speak from experience.
Get the Threes! app for $1.99 at the App Store; iOS 6 or later? Click the button below to see if you guessed correctly and to see more pictures of country stars as adorable little kids!>> not Emo.... I have stress issues....
May 21st
spammers come into troll category....
May 20th
You like to put that Troll in your comics, eh...
May 20th
true...but you forgot spammers...
May 20th
True, true
May 19th
the hacker had been stoped by me
May 19th
noob im a noob
May 19th
May 19th
a-Who's are one of the most common at youtube, chatbars...we have many of them on bitstrips too.
May 19th
what manel said
May 19th
The nice people are 'citizens' which keep internet running, and idiotically optimistic people are called 'noobs'....
May 19th
You know, not everyone falls into one of these catagories. There are just some gennuinly nice people out there. Hey, do you have a place for idiotically optimistic peopl on there?
May 19th
OMG at the A-Who category...
May 19th
lol
May 19thThe 2012 Mets season is so yesterday, literally — that’s when the season ended. Now the hard part comes of figuring out how to go shopping to make this team better in 2013. I’ll add my two cents into the mix.
Those of you betting on Mets GM Sandy Alderson to actually do something might be disappointed — we were hoping for something last year, and all he did was build a flawed bullpen.
We could expect more of the same this winter, based on what Alderson told reporters, “I’m not prepared to blow up the team and start over again. I don’t think we need to do that.”
Alderson said his first order of business would be to re-sign David Wright and R.A. Dickey. I agree about locking up Wright, but I am not so sure about Dickey.
I know Dickey is a knuckleballer and they can allegedly throw forever, but he is still 37 years old. I would be wary of signing anyone over 35, let alone give a multi-year deal to a someone older. Alderson should absolutely pick up Dickey’s bargain $5 million option and then see what kind of trade offers he gets for him. If nothing is to his liking, fine; let Dickey start the season on a one-year deal. If he picks up where he left off, then make a deal during the season. But nothing more than two or three years.
I would definitely not trade Ike Davis and I would trade Lucas Duda. Let’s stop pretending Duda is an outfielder. He was awful out there and he only got worse as the season progressed. Duda is also the sensitive type that lets things get to him and effect his hitting. The Mets don’t need someone like that. Duda definitely has 30+home run potential, but only as a first baseman or a DH. The Mets just don’t have room for him.
As much as I like him, I would trade Daniel Murphy. He made strides this season, but Murphy is just not a second baseman. He also has value and could bring back a couple of solid players. Jordany Valdespin can slide right into second.
I wouldn’t necessarily go shopping him around, but I would listen to offers for Jonthon Niese. I like Niese, but the Mets have a lot of young pitching coming through the system. If dealing Niese can plug a couple of holes in the team, it should be done. However if no good offers are made, I would be very happy to see Niese on the team in 2013.
On the same note, I would trade either Jenrry Mejia or Jeurys Familia if the right offer were made. Again, the Mets can deal from strength.
Then there is Jason Bay. I would just release him and end the misery, but Alderson apparently has no intention of doing that. How about a swap of bad contracts — Bay for Chone Figgins? Figgins said on Thursday that he wants out of Seattle. He has one year at $8 million on his contract. Figgins is as done as a ballplayer, but I would make this deal as long as the Mariners take on all of Bay’s $18 million plus $3 million buyout. Yes, the Mets would be carrying a crummy backup utility player, but they would save $13 million and could put that towards other areas of need. I doubt it would happen, but maybe a change of scenery could help both players.
In addition to an entirely new outfield, the Mets need catching and bullpen help. I think Alderson will go shopping and swing a couple of deals for outfielders, but I have a feeling he will scrape the bottom of the barrel to fill the latter needs, just like he did with the bullpen last year. It didn’t work then, it won’t work now.
I don’t think Sandy Alderson is facing an impossible task rebuilding this team. I would have a lot more confidence in him if he had demonstrated any ability to do such a thing. So far, I am not impressed with his acumen.$9.99Go to Sears.com
$9.99Go to Crutchfield....
Use the 190041 CD/CD-ROM Scratch and Repair Kit from Maxell to repair most scratches and other disc imperfections. With the ability to clean up to 100 discs, you can keep all of your CDs clean and...More
See complete specifications
Find, Compare, Read Reviews & Buy the Maxell CD335 CD/CD-ROM Scratch Repair Kit Online @ Yahoo Shopping Want to see your products in Yahoo Shopping? Advertise with us. Sitemap All Brands
Terms | Privacy | About Our Ads | HelpI.C.(E) Boards
Thank you for clicking on the I.C.(E) Boards section on the Sidewalk Directory; we really appreciate it.
I.C.(E) Boards is a Skateboard clothing brand based in Nottingham, United Kingdom.
I.C.(E) Boards uses the fun, creativity and passionate love that all Skateboarders, Penny Boarders, and Long Boarders express whilst skating to help inspire our designs and make each clothing item original, yet trendy for our customers.
All of I.C.(E) Boards designs have been hand drawn, which is one of our USPs (Unique Selling Points). It brings an artistic feel to the I.C.(E) Boards range.
I.C.(E) Boards wants to make sure each and every customer is happy to wear our products, so pick your favourite design that is best suited to you and I.C.(E) Boards will make sure you are 100% happy when you receive your item of clothing from the I.C.(E) Boards store.
On the I.C.(E) Boards store we also have a photo gallery which features Skate Boarders, Penny Boarders and Long Boarders from across the road and around the globe.
You can email I.C.(E) Boards the picture you would like to have featured in the photo gallery.
Please enjoy visiting the I.C.(E) Boards online store and feel free to email us if you have any questions.
Details
Location
- NottinghamCheck out some available loans that are similar to this one!
Toni
Most of the marketing is done through word of mouth and social media but Toni does send out mailers, post cards, and brochures to different schools in the community. She has hired one staff member as Marketing Manager to help her contact different schools, attend all school events, and market the company's dance classes.
The Elite Dance and Performing Arts Center Inc. is seeking a $10,000 loan to pay three months of rent while they renovate an extra room in the studio to add more dance classes.
Success!! The loan was 100% repaid
A loan of $10,000 helped Toni to pay three months of rent while they renovate an extra room in the studio to add more dance classes.
100% repaid
- Repayment Term
- 27 months (Additional Information)
- Repayment Schedule
- Monthly
- Pre-Disbursed:
- Nov 28, 2012
- Listed
- Dec 15, 2012
- Currency Exchange Loss:
- N/A
- Ended:
- Feb 18, 2015The Leadership Transition Institute
is a nonpartisan think tank dedicated
to improving the economic and human outcomes related to leadership transition
at private, public, and governmental organizations globally.
Founded by CEB in collaboration
with leading academic institutions,
the Institute serves as a platform for
collaboration among elite researchers
and practitioners.
Learn More About the Institute
Background
Leadership transitions occur more
frequently than ever before. And given today's increased pressure for efficiency
and quick wins, these transitions are more risky and complex, with more potential for failures than previously understood.
The cost of these ineffective leadership transitions easily balloons to millions of dollars over extended time horizons.
Despite this, leadership transitions remain
a significantly under-researched area.
Partnership
The Institute engages in a highly
collaborative research process
where our partners actively shape
the agenda. Our partners include
some of the most well-published and
pre-eminent researchers in their
field of study.
The Institute's research partners
collaborate regularly with the goal
of advancing the study of leadership transitions.More Ways to Navigate
Projects and Collaborations
Find projects on which SERC is a leader or collaborator
Earthquake ActivitiesHelp
Show all pages
Resource Type: Activitiesshowing only Activities > Lab Activity
Resource Type: Activities Show all Resource Type: Activities
Activities > Lab Activity60 matches
Results 1 - 10 of 60 ...
Introduction to Earthquake Seismology Methods
Bruce Rueger, Colby College
This lab introduces students of aspects of earthquake seismology methods. These include analysis of p-wave amplitude, location of an earthquake epicenter and determining the time of occurrence of an earthquake. ....Post: ISO: 1 Phil & Friends Ticket @ Cap - ANY NIGHT!
~ Perfect transaction... Seller communicated promptly, was super friendly, and sent ticket very quickly! Thanks for a great sale!10/04/12
Post: *****~SOLD/TRADED~****Have 2 For Each 4/9 And 4/10 Furthur Beacon ISO 4/5 And 4/6 Furthur Boston
~ Super nice guy, just arranged my trade with him. We will meet in a couple of weeks to do the hand-off in person....perfecto!
"nothin' left to do but smile, smile, smile!"3/10/12
CashorTrade 2009 - 2015 Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Powered by SimpleNation.comAlps Hybrid CE 2 Tent
Item # WX2-205079
- Google+
- Details & Specs
Looking for a tent that's easy to set - up and stable enough to weather the storm? You're looking for the Alps Hybrid CE 2.!More:
- 2mm urethane coating
- Floor: 75D, 185T, polyester taffeta, 3,000mm urethane coating
- Walls: 75D, 185T, polyester taffeta
- Mesh: 40D nylon no-see-um mesh
- Base size: 5'3 x 7'7
- Center height: 3'6
- Vestibule depth: 30"
- Tent area: 35 sq. ft.
- Vestibule area: 29 sq. ft.
- Tent and fly weight: 5 lbs. 9 ozs.
- Total weight: 6 lbs. 5 ozs.
- Packed size: 7 x 18 1 / 2 "
- Pole diameter: 8 1/ 2 mm.
10-person 13x12' Chalet TentNon-Members $229.99 Buyer's Club $229.99
ShelterLogic 2-in-1 Canopy & Extended Event TentNon-Members $219.99 Buyer's Club $197.99
Guide Gear Base Camp 10 TentNon-Members $279.99 Buyer's Club $251.99> [...] > > > That worked as such but was meaningless/misleading and is now thrown away. > > We now have (as a matter of test) another possible pair of er > > > > { ?s ?p ?o . ?s a [ owl:restrictionOf ( ?p ?C ) ] } log:implies { ?o a ?C } . > > > > { ?s ?p ?o . ?o a ?C } log:implies { ?s a [ owl:restrictionOf ( ?p ?C ) ] } . > > Well these are a rather strange pair of inference rules. They certainly > are not correct for any of the DAML+OIL constructs, nor for any OWL > construct that I have seen proposed. > > Could you please give me an informal description of what owl:restrictionOf > is supposed to mean? the ?x is shorthand "for all x elements of the domain of discourse" ?s ?p ?o . ?s a [ owl:restrictionOf ( ?p ?C ) ] in the premise is actually ?s ?p ?o . ?s a ?x . ?x owl:restrictionOf ( ?p ?C ) (btw the . is shorthand for logical conjunction) owl:restrictionOf is a rdf:Property whose rdfs:domain is owl:Class and whose rdfs:range is owl:Seq i.e. a sequence of a rdfs:Property followed by an owl:Class also owl:restrictionOf is an owl:UnambiguousProperty so we don't need a Skolem function in the second consequent an example could be something like :Person rdfs:subClassOf [ owl:restrictedBy ( :hasParent :Person ) ] . which is btw also an example of :Person circularity -- JosReceived on Saturday, 27 April 2002 16:10:31 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 21:56:43 UTCA few weeks ago I wrote about how I hired a professional resume writer to help me update my outmoded resume. I wanted a first-rate document to use as I pursue more coaching partnerships and new associations.
Getting the information to the writer that she needed to create a killer resume was not easy for me. You may recall me whining quite a bit about this in my post.
But now that I have my new top-quality resume in hand, I feel somewhat like a proud mother with my newborn baby. Sure, it took some work on my part to get this kid out, but who cares about that now!
There's no way on earth that I could have crafted a resume as effective as my new one. This is crystal clear to me now. I could no more have written this resume than have built my own house or have landed a plane at the airport. This is because good resume writing is a specialized skill that takes training, experience, a particular knowledge of recruiting and marketing, and plain ol' talent to do well.
I can write, and I've seen about one bazillion resumes in my career, neither of which means I can create a top-notch resume. Especially my own top-notch resume.
So before I get to the glowing report on who I hired for the job, here are my top 3 reasons why you should hand over the resume writing to a professional:
1. Your resume is a crucial marketing document that is your ticket into future opportunities. It is not a list of all your past jobs and job duties. It needs to attract the audience you want and highlight what that audience wants to see. It needs to create excitement and differentiate itself from the others in the big pile within seconds. Do you know exactly what this means for you? Is this really your expertise?
2. Writing your own resume can be like cutting your own hair, giving yourself advice, or, yes I know this is a bit extreme, setting your own leg after you've broken it. In other words, having an outside professional's perspective on the job can make all the difference in how well that job is performed.
Many of us suffer from "accomplishment amnesia". We completely forget all the great things we've done very soon after we do them. The negatives compel our focus much more. Also we tend to discount as "no big deal" accomplishments that are in fact noteworthy. A professional resume writer understands what you should be bragging about better than you do and has no hesitation about horn tooting.
3. Remember the last time you wrote your resume and how excruciating (or at the very least tedious) that was? Imagine the feeling you'd have reading your new resume that just "magically" arrived in your in-box. The resume someone else worded perfectly and made look all pretty. I'm telling you it's like coming home after someone else cleaned your house only better, because for one thing you know your resume is not going to be messy again in 15 minutes. It's soooo worth it!
"Sign me up!" you say. "Where can I get all this resume goodness?"
Head on over to Blue Sky Resumes, where co-founder Louise Fletcher and her associates will take very good care of you.
They're professional, they're thorough, they're fairly priced and they're very, very skilled. Louise writes a great blog that you should check out, too.
So ends my (unpaid, really!) ringing endorsement of a professional resume writing service that I was most pleased with!
Technorati Tags:
resume, resume writer, blue sky resumes, louise fletcher
Heather Mundell
Dream Big Coaching Services
heather@dreambigcoaching.comReturn of a Purple Heart Medal delayed in Summerville
WCBD-TV: News, Weather, and Sports for Charleston, SC
From our News Partners at WCBD-TV:
In Myrtle Beach today the organization Purple Heart Reunited gave the family of a WWII vet a Purple Heart lost for years. Then they were supposed to head to Summerville for a ceremony Wednesday evening, but due to a personal issue, founder Zachariah Fike, had to rush back to Vermont.
The niece of the late veteran was set to receive the medal in the exchange which has been in the works for 18-months.
Joan Bilsback said it has been a while since she has seen her uncle who died 1985 at the age of 66.
“There is actually nobody alive now who remembers him except me and my cousin. He was very sweet very kind with me but he was quiet.”
Her uncle was Army Private Robert Lamar Swinson, who fought in Asia during WWII. Bilsback believed her uncle suffered from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. It was a condition in a time when there was less understanding but Bilsback and her family could tell there was something different.
“The big thing that everyone always said was how much he had changed- He was very quiet.”
Swinson received the Purple Heart from his time in action-- His sister had the medal in Georgia but since her death it had slipped though the family's fingers, that is until it was mailed care of the Fulton County Police Department to Zachariah Fike and Purple Heart Reunited.
From the name engraving on the back Fike tracked some of Swinson’s surviving family.
A year and a half later a proper exchange to his niece is planned in Summerville and while it didn't happen as scheduled-- Bilsback says she is not worried about the delay saying for her it may be less about her uncle’s medal but more about what it represents.
“My uncle was a good man he did what he had to do; came back and lived a very quiet life and you wonder how many people are out there like him, who slipped between the cracks. I think I have been thinking about that more than anything.”
Purple Heart Reunited has not yet released a firm date on when they can return to deliver the medal.
Photo Credit: larry1235 Shutterstock.If this sounds uncomfortably familiar to you, it may be time to own up to the realities of your schedule and consider a different approach.This “Short & Sweet” process developed in collaboration with one of my time coaching clients shows you how to invest the often-overlooked bits of time into your day in meaningful progress on creative projects.
Here’s how it works:
- Write down all possible next steps involved in completing the project without worrying about whether the list is complete or in order. You don’t have to “think of everything” or make the “ideal plan.”
- Schedule in just 15-30 minutes to move forward on the project. The point is to set aside a short enough block of time that you can commit to it without feelings of anxiety or hesitation about your ability to follow through. (Think baby steps.)
- During that designated time, take action toward your goal by choosing to make progress on one or more of the steps you brainstormed. Don’t aim too high. Just tackle a small amount of work that you know you can actually complete in that time window.
- At the end of the time, write down any new steps you discovered on your master list and schedule the next specific day and time when you will move forward on the project.
- Repeat as needed, which may mean for the entire project or may just mean for the very initial messy stages when making a comprehensive plan or setting aside huge amounts of time to move forward is impossible or fills you with dread.
Now, some of you may be wondering: “Will I really get results when I work in these tiny chunks of time? Is it possible to really ‘get in the zone’?”
The short answer is: Any action is almost always better than none. But there are a number of reasons why working in small chunks might not only be practical, but also preferable for you:
- Reduces build-up energy. If you haven’t made progress on a project for weeks, months or even years, even five minutes of forward movement is an improvement. You can choose to spend longer periods of time on a project, but the Short & Sweet method makes it excruciatingly easy both emotionally and mentally to break through the inertia.
- Makes you like yourself & your project again. When you won’t work on a project until the “ideal” moment, you begin to feel a massive weight of guilt and shame that makes you not even want to think about the project that once brought you great joy. Taking small steps forward will help you to feel successful and renew your positive associations with the entire process.
- Gives you time to get help. One of the scary parts of beginning a creative endeavor, especially with a new technology or a new client, is that you aren’t quite sure of the total scope of the work. By starting early and starting often, you have time to ask for help, get feedback, make edits or even request a timeline extension before it’s too late for you to do so without embarrassment.
- Allows you to unleash your brilliance. As Fred Wilson so beautifully describes in his.
–
Over to You…
Do you tend to do nothing unless you can get everything done at once? How have you learned to use short bits of time effectively?BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (WIAT) – Martin Luther King Jr. begins marching from Selma to Montgomery, and Alcatraz Prison is closed down for good. Plus, a classic television cliffhanger had viewers asking “who shot J.R.?” find out more in today’s, “This Day in History”.
On this day in 1965, Martin Luther King Jr. began a historic march from Selma, to Alabama’s capitol city, Montgomery. The march, for African-American voting rights, had 3,200 civil rights demonstrators, marching with MLK. Twice before, Alabama state police, at Selma’s Edmund Pettus Bridge, turned back the marchers; this time, National Guardsmen and FBI agents were on hand to provide safe passage for the march. In August of 1965, President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act, guaranteeing African-Americans the right to vote.
On this day in 1980, J.R. Ewing, popular prime-time drama Dallas, was shot in one of TV’s most famous cliffhangers. For the next 8 months viewers were left wondering “who shot J.R?” The culprit was revealed at the beginning of the show’s third season. The shooter ended up being Kristin Shepard, J.R.’s mistress.
On this day in 1868, the first US professional women’s club, Sorosis, formed in New York City.
This year’s NCAA Tournament is still in its early stages, but this day has marked the “one shining moment” for a few teams.
- 1959: California defeated West Virginia (71-70)
- 1964: UCLA defeated Duke (98-83)
- 1970: UCLA defeated Jacksonville (80-69)
On this day in 1963, Alcatraz Prison in San Francisco Bay closed down. Known as “The Rock, or “”America’s Devil Island”, the prison held more than 200 inmates, during its prime. Alcatraz is remembered for its harsh conditions and record for being inescapable. Now it’s mainly used as a popular tourist attraction.El Conclusión: San Antonio Spurs 99, Portland Trail Blazers 83
Five Things We Saw
- It’s a lot easier to defend when you’re not chasing your own turnovers down the other end of the court. The Spurs turned it over 10 times in the first quarter, helping the Blazers shoot 64.7 percent. They finished shooting 40 percent and never scored more than 18 in any of the final three quarters.
- Leave it the Spurs to find the only player in NBA history to show less emotion than Tim Duncan. Hit a three-pointer, made an impressive pass off a spin move to Blair, and was an all around fourth quarter terror without so much as a blink. Maybe Tim can teach him how to make his eyes bigger.
- Danny Green is a pretty good shot blocker for a guard. He excels at chasing the ball handler over the pick, staying attached to his hip without fouling, and catching blocks from behind.
- Kawhi Leonard has a little Manu Ginobili to go with his Bruce Bowen comparisons–he has a knack for coming off his man to help just as the ball handler turns his back, gambling for steals without actually taking any risks.
- Lineups with Leonard, Green, and Splitter are promising as the Spurs look to improve their defense this season. Should be special when Manu Ginobili returns.Tyron Woodley Steps Up For UFC Co-Main Event In Dallas
(Photo HENNING KAISER/AFP/Getty Images)
DALLAS, Texas (105.3 THE FAN) – Tyron Woodley is Dana White’s kind of fighter.
The UFC welterweight contender who takes on Carlos Condit in the co main event at UFC 171 Saturday night at The American Airlines Center has quickly earned the respect of the organization’s president. The reason? Dana White likes guys like Tyron Woodley because they are down to fight anybody at any time.
This past December, when the oft-embattled Nick Diaz turned down a rematch with Condit for the Dallas card, White said that despite Woodley texting him “15 times a day” he would look elsewhere for an opponent. He admired Woodley’s enthusiasm, but felt that he simply wasn’t ranked high enough yet within the division to get booked into what would likely be a #1 contender’s match for a title shot. The texts didn’t stop, however, and White eventually acquiesced to a fight that has UFC fans excited, if not for Woodley’s divisional ranking on paper, then for his willingness to bring fireworks on fight night.
In November, he collected a “knockout of the night” bonus for his demolition of former title challenger Josh Koscheck, and Woodley has wasted no time in telling anyone who will listen that he has every intention of continuing that trajectory right to a shot at the 170 pound division’s title.
Listen to Richard Hunter and Mike Dingess talk to Tyron Woodley about his fight Saturday night with Carlos Condit:
UFC 171 is live on pay per view from The American Airlines Center this Saturday night, and is headlined by Johny Hendricks facing Robbie Lawler for the vacant UFC welterweight championship.
Follow Richard Hunter on Twitter @RichardHunter
Follow Mike Dingess on Twitter @MikeDingNEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- Since the start of the year, the small but growing pool of funds specializing in renewable energy have posted solid returns, in many cases beating the pants off the S&P 500.
The mutual funds include the New Alternatives Fund (Charts) and the Guinness Atkinson Alternative Energy Fund (Charts).
Exchange traded funds, which can be bought or sold like stocks, include the PowerShares WilderHill Clean Energy (Charts) fund, the PowerShares WilderHill Progressive Energy (Charts) fund, the Market Vectors Global Alternative Energy (Charts) fund, and the First Trust NASDAQ Clean Edge US Liquid (Charts) fund.
The New Alternatives fund is up nearly 37 percent the last 12 months and 20 percent so far this year. The Guinness Atkinson fund is up 17 percent and 27 percent while the Wilder Hill funds, which launched last fall, are each up about 11 percent this year.
By comparison, the S&P 500 has climbed about 21 percent over the last 12 months and is up about 5 percent this year.
There was a time when investors could count on losing a few percentage points in returns in exchange for making "green" or "socially responsible" investments, but one analyst said that is changing.
"I don't think they exceed expectations, but I don't think they disappoint either," said Jeff Siegel, managing editor of Green Chip Stocks, an investment newsletter focusing on environmentally friendly companies.
Seigel said the number of funds dedicated to alternative energy is growing rapidly.
On Wednesday Calvert, purveyor of socially responsible mutual funds, announced that it too is getting in on the alternative energy investing game, promoting its Calvert Alternative Energy Fund in response to what it said was overwhelming investor interest in the sector.
Calvert cited a survey, conducted on its behalf by the polling group Opinion Research Corp., that said more than three quarters of investors are concerned that global warming will bring about major changes in their lifetime or the lifetime of their children.
But only one in five investors who use a financial professional said they had discussed investing in alternative energy with a financial adviser, the survey found. Four out of five said there should be more alternative energy mutual funds for investment.
"This is a big disconnect," said Graham Huber, a project manager at Opinion Research. "There is strong U.S. investor interest."
Jens Peers, portfolio manger for the new Calvert fund, said he will invest in about 150 companies, mostly from Europe, the United States, China and Japan.
Jens said about 80 percent of the companies will be "pure plays," meaning the firms get 50 percent or more of their revenue from business in alternative energy.
The remaining 20 percent will be "market leaders," larger firms like GE (Charts, Fortune 500) or BP (Charts) that are big players in the industry but don't get most of their sales from renewables.
The growth in alternative energy mutual funds follows a pattern of surging overall investment in the sector.
In 2004, money flowing to renewables worldwide was about $28 billion, according to the American Council on Renewable Energy. By 2006 that number jumped to nearly $71 billion.
Like all mutual funds, ones focused on alternative energy have their pros and cons.
On the plus side, experts say the professional money management you get in some of these funds is needed when investing in such a young industry.
"Lots of these companies never make it, and it's tough to pick out the ones that survive," said William Buechler, founder and president of Barclay Partners Asset Management, a money management firm based in La Jolla, Calif.
But in addition to the fees, which generally range from 1 to 2 percent, investors may not like being stuck with the stock choices of someone else.
"It always seems to me that there are a number of companies they purchase that I just don't think are that good," said Buechler. "I think it's better for the individual investor to put the time in, do the homework, and select their own companies."The Reformation Study Bible (2015) notes are now available on Bible Gateway! Click to learn more.
In this chapter, I. The daughters of Jerusalem, moved with the description which the church had given of Christ, enquire after him, Song 6:1. II. The church directs them where they may meet with him, Song 6:2, 3. III. Christ is now found of those that sought him, and very highly applauds the beauty of his spouse, as one extremely smitten with it (Song 6:4-7), preferring her before all others (Song 6:8, 9), recommending her to the love and esteem of all her neighbours (Song 6:10), and, lastly, acknowledging the impressions which her beauty had made upon him and the great delight he took in it, Song 6:11-13.Abstract".
Additional file 1. Table showing classification of the 22 cases of AD according to their family history with table legend.
Format: PDF Size: 70KB Download file
This file can be viewed with: Adobe Acrobat Reader.
Additional file 2. Schematic picture of the APP locus with surrounding genes with figure legend.
Format: PDF Size: 120KB Download file
This file can be viewed with: Adobe Acrobat Reader.
Additional file 3. Table showing nucleotide variations found in the 22 DNA samples for sequencing of APP, PSEN1, and PSEN2 with table legend.
Format: PDF Size: 193KB Download file
This file can be viewed with: Adobe Acrobat Reader
Additional file 4. Method and result of on In-silico analysis of nucleotide variation IVS6 +9 and.
Format: PDF Size: 30KB Download file
This file can be viewed with: Adobe Acrobat Reader
To address the possibility of a duplication of APP, two microsatellite markers GDB:196999, (APP-dint), and GDB:188463, (D21S265) were PCR amplified with fluorescent primers. When analyzing the 22 DNA samples, 16 were heterozygous (polymorphic) for the marker GDB:196999 and 20 were heterozygous for marker GDB:188463. In our set-up, the size of alleles for marker GDB:196999 ranged from 163 bp to 191 bp, and the size of alleles for GDB:188463 ranged from 241 bp to 255 bp (Table 1). The allele-ratio calculated for marker GDB:196999 was between 0.8 - 1.4 indicating a balanced diploid copy-number, except for sample D08 (Table 1). In sample D08, the areas for alleles 174 bp and 189 bp for GDB:196999 had a ratio of 2.24 (17752/7932) indicating an unbalanced 2:1 copy-number (Figure 1). Six of the individuals were monoallelic for the marker. When calculating the allele-ratios for marker GDB:188463 in the sample-set, thirteen out of 22 DNA samples had ratios between 0.8 - 1.4. Seven samples had ratios between 1.4 - 1.8 and five of these samples had alleles that only differed by two nucleotides in size (D03, D18, D20 - 22); thereby leading to inflation of the area of the shorter allele (Table 1). The ratios for D13 and D15 were slightly higher than 1.4 and monoallelic for GDB:196999. Two samples were monoallelic for marker GDB:188463 (D08 and D16) and therefore did not generate any allele ratios. As an example, in Figure 1, DNA sample D07 carries two alleles for both markers, GDB:196999 and GDB:188463, and the calculated ratio for alleles GDB:196999-174 and GDB:196999-189 was 1.24, (3213/2582), indicating a balanced copy-number of two. Similarly, the ratio for the alleles of GDB:188463 is calculated to be 1.02 (902/883) for sample D07. Also illustrated, sample D08 was not informative for marker GDB:188463 since it only carried one allele, the 247 bp (Figure 1b), but an unbalanced copy-number are visible as the ratio, 2.24 (17752/7932), for the alleles of marker GDB:196999. Furthermore, sample D09 was not informative for marker GDB:196999 since it only carried one allele (189 bp), but could be examined at the GDB:188463 marker, with a ratio of 1.08 (6683/6190) (Figure 1b). The control DNA carrying trisomy 21 displayed three alleles for both examined markers (Figure 1a-b). The finding indicated that sample D08 carries a duplication of the genomic locus for marker GDB:196999.
Figure 1.).
To confirm the APP copy-number detected by microsatellite analysis, we used a quantitative real-time PCR method (The TaqMan Copy Number Assay, Applied Biosystems Carlsbad, California). The number of copies was determined by comparing patient DNA with a positive control DNA from a subject with trisomy 21 (copy-number of three). Three different exons of the APP gene were amplified by a duplex real-time PCR method for exon 1, exon 7, and exon 17. By calculating the relative copy-number, samples D07 and D09 were found to be diploid for all three amplicons (Figure 2, top). In contrast, sample D08 was found to have a copy-number value of three for all three amplicons. Thus, the copy-number assay confirmed the presence of three copies detected by the microsatellite analysis for D08. All the other DNA samples were determined by the copy-number assay to have relative copy-number values of 1.52-2.33, indicating a copy-number of two (Table 1). Noteworthy, the copy-number assay for samples D13 and D15 showed no variation in any of the exons examined and thus could be determined to carry normal number of the APP gene.
Figure).
To fine-map the duplicated region, array-CGH was used by hybridizing DNA sample D08 to a 180 k array covering the APP locus. The method compares hybridization signals from the D08 DNA with a diploid control DNA. The signal intensities were plotted against positions on the chromosome and shows that the duplication covers a region on chromosome 21 restricted to a maximum size of 1.09 Mb within coordinates 25 950727 bp - 27 043885 bp, and to a minimum size of 1.01 Mb within coordinates 25 957532 bp - 26 971 366 bp (Figure 3). Thus, the array-CGH confirms the presence of a genomic duplication including the APP gene in sample D08.
Figure 3.].
The duplication at chromosome 21 we reported is restricted to a maximum size of 1.09 Mb and to a minimum size of 1.01 Mb, which includes the genes for MRLP39, JAM2, ATP5J, GABPA, APP, and CYYR1. All but two of the reported APP-duplications are of different sizes, and thereby include different genes. From the reports of different-sized duplications, it has also been suggested that there is no single genomic architectural feature that serves as a recombination substrate, but that the APP locus may be a hotspot region for recombination due to multiple low copy repeats [9]. This is supported by our finding in a Swedish patient, since it adds a novel-sized duplication. It has been suggested that sequencing of the duplication break-points may shed further light on the molecular basis of the recombination in the region. The two different-sized duplications found in Dutch families contain only the APP gene which strongly suggests that APP duplication is the only requirement for causing AD. The clinical characteristics in patient with APP-duplications are typically early-onset dementia, cerebral amyloid angiopathy (CAA) and intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH). When looking within families there are phenotypes of seizure and dementia with Lewy-bodies [8-10,26], but clearly these are not found in all diseased individuals. Rather, intra-familial diversity is commonly found. In the Swedish family originating from proband III:2, (DNA sample D08), there was an early onset at 55 years in the cousin (III:4) (Figure 4). Individual III:4 had a medical history of syncope and a diagnosis of subcortical dementia. Similarly, the history of individual II:5 also contained remarks of syncope, as well as vertigo and the diagnosis of multi-infarct dementia. Individual II:4 had a history of mental illness and was hospitalized under the diagnosis of schizophrenia and psychosis. The duplication has only been confirmed in proband III:2, since there are no available DNA samples from other affected family members.
Figure.
Competing interests
The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
Authors' contributions
HT carried out the molecular genetic studies and made the in-silico analysis. JS carried out the genome hybridization study. MF and JB carried out the genealogy of the patients as genetic counselors. IN judged clinical data and carried out neuropathology. CG was responsible for referral of patients to mutation screening and conceived the study. HT drafted the manuscript and HT, JS, MF, JB, IN, and CG contributed to writing the manuscript. All authors read and approved the manuscript.. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Abstract. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text Abstract | Publisher Full Text. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | PubMed Central
Avramopoulos D: Genetics of Alzheimer's disease: recent advances.
Genome Med 2009, 1(3):34. PubMed Abstract | BioMed Central Full Text | PubMed Central Full Text. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full TextiPubMed Abstract. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | PubMed Central Full Text Abstract | Publisher Full TextAnimeNewsNetworkPosted by on 02/15/13 14:00
Don't know where to go to check out some of the news and upcoming's on anime? Go here:
New DBZ movie coming this March!Posted by on 01/06/13 00:47
After many years of the show's end, it's back, baby! To those that did not know, Dragonball Z is coming back with a brand new Japanese release movie coming this March 30th, 2013!! Now as exciting a...
Hey, everyone!Posted by on 12/21/12 18:30
I just wanted to give you all another thanks for joining my anime group! We've gotten a lot of new comers this year, and we're already half way to 2,000! I've also noticed that we are number #3 in Mos...
1,000 members.Posted by on 08/04/12 21:06
I thank all 1,000+ of you for joining this group! It really shows how exceedingly popular anime is, and I truly appreciate this fact. ANIME LOVERS UNITE!
The attack of spam!!Posted by on 11/14/11 14:00
Does anyone ELSE see this too!? :o Well, it would appear someone is going around hijacking (but not entirely, since he/she doesn't seem to have full access to the group) our groups, spamming the tags...McIntosh County Commissioner Mark Douglas says the solution to the county’s sign theft problem is simple: stop with the cutesy street names.
Signs marking Green Acres, Boone’s Farm, Mary Jane Lane and Harmony Hill have been perennial favorites among sign thieves in the mostly rural county, he said. They are stolen over and over and over, and must be replaced again and again and again.
Who could forget the old “Green Acres” television show of the 1960s? Apparently there’s a fan club in McIntosh County. Boone’s Farm wines remain popular among oenophiles who shop at convenience stores, and Mary Jane Lane has long been a veiled reference to marijuana.
Harmony Hill, well, that bit of alliteration just sounds pleasant, Douglas said.
“Boring names,” Douglas declared. “That might be about the only thing we can do. We’re actually losing a lot of our good taxpayers’ money to folks who get their kicks stealing signs.”
How much money? County Manager Luther Smart puts the sum at $17,000 a year.
“We’re losing something like 550 signs a year to theft,” he said. “The most popular ones, we’ve replaced five to 10 times. They steal them as fast as we can make them and put them back up.”
The county has its own sign-making shop. Still the cost to produce them is about $20 for the standard rectangular streets signs. Add another $8 if the thief took the post, too. Stop signs and curve signs, also popular, go for $30 to $50 apiece, Smart said.
Some signs are stolen, but others are “wounded” in the line of duty to the extent that they must be replaced, he said.
“In any rural county, you’re going to find bullet holes in signs,” Smart said, “or signs ruined by a shotgun blast.”
Sign thieves are risking much more than they might think, Smart said.
“They don’t understand the liability issue,” he said. “If they cause an ambulance or fire truck not to be able to find a location in distress, they could be charged with a felony, and they will also be responsible for any monetary damages incurred as a result.”
County officials took a step a while back that they thought would alleviate the sign theft problem. They went to fiberglass over metal as a means of thwarting thieves who took them to sell as scrap, commission Chairman Boyd Gault said.
“We’re still having as many problems as we were before,” he said. That means that sign thieves are taking them because they feel a personal connection to them rather than for what they would bring at a salvage yard.
Which goes back to Douglas’s solution.
“Streets with names like First, Second, Third, Oak, Palmetto,” he said. “That’s what we need.”Architect or Technician to start immediately?
- Recruiter
- Bespoke Careers
- Location
- London
- Salary
- £20-£25 per hour
- Posted
- 04 Oct 2012
- Closes
- 01 Nov 2012
- Ref
- 14577
- Sector
- Architecture
- Function
- Architect, Architectural Technician, Project Architect
A large international firm are in urgent need of a technical Architect to start immediately. They are looking for either an Architect or technician to work on a transport scheme. To be considered for this position you need to be a Revit Guru and have experience working stage F! The ideal candidate will to be able to demonstrate a history of using the programme on large scale projects at construction stages. This is a great opportunity within a career minded environment.Bigrick31
04-27-2005, 09:45 PM
how well does this unit stack up agains pioneers other high end cd players like say the 860? if both were the same price and you were going to use one just to play musci (say the avic-n2 didnt have a screen or gps or anything) which one would you take/trust to bring you your sq goodness?Center for Leadership
& Service
Community Fellows
The Community Fellows program is a federally funded AmeriCorps program. Through this program, Moravian students complete 300 community service hours during the course of one calendar year (August–August) and receive an AmeriCorps Education Award for their efforts. Pending approval, this award can be used to pay for the participant’s current undergraduate institution expenses, educational loans, or future educational expenses.
This program is ideal for students already engaged in service activities off-campus, who wish to further develop their leadership abilities. Participants in this program will attend various leadership activities which in the past have included: Conversations with Community Leaders, Civic Reflections, and Leadership Development Workshops.
Program Qualifications:
- Be an undergraduate students at Moravian College
- Be a citizens of the United States, be an U.S. national, or a lawful permanent resident alien
- Be at least 17 years old
- Commit to complete 300 hours of service work in the U.S. during one calendar year
- Have an interest in, and commitment to, community service, activism and/or social justice issues
- Have good organization and time management skills
- Be responsible and dependable
Do you want to make a greater difference in your community by expanding your leadership skills? Become a Community Fellow!
Moravian College encourages persons with disabilities to participate in its programs and activities. If you anticipate needing any type of accommodation or have questions about the physical access provided, please e-mail Suzanne Moyer at moyers@moravian.edu or call 610-861-1498.![if gte IE 8]>
Price: $24.95
Item#
:20162
Side one features 20 island maps along with essential travel information on topics ranging from beaches to sailing alongside beautiful watercolors of island birds, flowers, and landscapes.
Side two is a political map that spans west to include all of Cuba and the entire chain of islands through Trinidad and Tobago.
City insets and brief historical and tourist information for Nassau, Bahamas; San Juan, Puerto Rico; Charlotte Amalie, U.S. Virgin Islands; Havana, Cuba; and George Town, Cayman Islands make this a must-have for anyone visiting the region.May 2, SecurityNewsDaily (National; International) New ‘Unknowns’ hacking group hits NASA, Air Force, European Space Agency. A new hacking group calling itself “The Unknowns” published May 1 a list of passwords and documents reportedly belonging to NASA, the European Space Agency, and the U.S. Air Force, among other high-profile government targets. The group’s Pastebin post the hackers also posted screenshots of some of the sites they breached, and that although the post was made public May 1, some of the hacks date back to March. In its message, The Unknowns explained the impetus for their exploits, and warned they could have defaced all of the Web sites. The hackers said they can provide information on how they penetrated the databases, and told the affected organizations to contact them.
Source:.
Open a live account and start trading today. Minimum funding required.
Open a Live Account
Free 20-day trial of our award-winning multi-asset trading platform.
Open a Demo Account
The multi-award winning SaxoTrader enables investors to trade Forex, CFDs, ETFs, Stocks, Futures, FX Forwards and FX Options through a comprehensive and fully integrated trading platform.
Download saxotrader
watch Introduction
The navigation structure is enclosed within a graphical, ribbon-style menu, and icons clearly differentiate the products. The ribbon menu:
Compare platforms
See all platform features
FX Options Board
Go to platform FAQs
You can view and manage positions and related orders in one integrated workflow:
watch introduction
Account information is now always visible in a screen efficient layout displaying:
Click on any value to see its underlying calculations. If you want an overview of multiple accounts, simply add additional toolbars to your workspace..
Superb
That was absolutley gold man.
I mean the style takes you back to the oldskool shit, the good shit.
Thank you kindly
Rated 5 / 5 stars
Wow
Damn, that was crazy. Absolutely amazing. I was getting a major "Ren & Stimpy" influence vibe there though, and the characters seemed like a really twisted version of the whos from The Grinch. man, that was good shit. make more!
Rated 5 / 5 stars
The scene with the crane...
That was an amazing shot. Fuckin' maximum kudos for that, dude.
Rated 0.5 / 5 stars
...
okay all i have to say is...what...the...F*#k..i mean seriously...wow i lost 15 IQ just listening to this...and 30 for watching it...drawing was okay animation needs work...and perhaps in the future get a storyline or sumthing that isnt completely fubar???
Your IQ level actually went lower?
Is that still possible with an idiot fuck like you?
Rated 5 / 5 stars
lolz
that was just awesome man, no work really needed to be done on it xD, i love the drawing style and such adds that slightly creepy taint to the pedophile thing...well anyway this will be an awesome series man goodluck! (all hail the run-on sentence)I just bought a saltwater starter kit over at my LFS just yesterday, and I'm so excited. This is my first ever saltwater aquarium!
I don't know what I want to put in it yet, but I've been researching, and I was thinking about maybe small Blennies, or Grammas since its only a 5.5 gallon. I've never kept a saltwater tank before, so if you could give me some heads-up, I'd really appreciate it!
- Wyatt
I don't want to be the wet blanket...but SW fish need MORE room than FW fish...
I wouldn't put any fish in a 5g tank...
55 g Goldfish Tank - 5 Fancies, 2 Dojos
25 g Tropical Tank - Celestial Pearl Danio/Mixed
I realize, but I've seen 2 inch grammas. Its usually one inch of fish per five gallon, maybe shrimp?
Last edited by Wyatt; 08-23-2009 at 04:09 PM.
youre extremely limited for fish, IMO the only thing small enough to go in there is a few sexy shrimp
Thank you for the information guys, I guess I should do some more research, sorry.
I took up your advice and I did get some shrimp, Cocoa.
WE NEED PICTURES! lol
"Speak softly and carry a big stick"
Teddy Roosevelt
I have lots of tanks, 9 I think.
Originally Posted by Amazon
WE NEED PICTURES! lol
The tank doesn't look like much yet, but I'll try uploading it.
Here it is, sorry for the wait.
Edit: Its not much, but its getting there.
Last edited by Wyatt; 08-28-2009 at 11:26 PM.
Its definantly coming along, it looks like you got some nice algae.
Love the tank!
thank you, that means a lot' ....
Students exhibition comprises works by seven artists: Tomas Saraceno (Argentina), Ernesto Neto (Brazil), Ragna Róbertsdóttir (Iceland), Ryuji Nakamura and Rintaro Hara (Japan), Mona Hatoum (Lebanon) and Monika Grzymala (Poland)..
The paintings in Einar Hákonarson’s retrospective span the artist’s career for over 50 years, from juvenilia and student works until the present year, 2014.
“I see myself writing, and I hear the pen on the paper.” Kjarval’s words could be taken as the theme of his exhibition – as they focus attention on the material, the method and the imagination.. |Since it's your first time here, let us show you around. It'll only take a minute!Next
You can change your Turfie whenever you like!Next
You have some coins! Let's visit the Turfie Store
That's it - now you know the basics, you can start enjoying the site. Don’t forget to read the messages in your Turf mailbox!
Click on the ‘Help" button to show you what all the different parts of the site do. Have fun!
It looks like your browser has JavaScript disabled. Without it, it is not possible to use the Turfies website. We need you to enable JavaScript so you can join in the fun :)Teachers union to education brass: Button this!
UFT President Randi Weingarten said she’d fight Schools Chancellor Joel Klein’s bid to bar teachers from wearing political buttons in schools, with legal action if necessary.
The move comes after the United Federation of Teachers distributed thousands of Barack Obama campaign buttons to its members – sparking a Department of Education crackdown.
As reported exclusively in yesterday’s Post, Klein sent an e-mail to principals this week reaffirming a long-standing policy that forbids teachers from wearing political paraphernalia in schools.
Weingarten suggested yesterday she’d never heard of the policy.
“Today, we sent a letter asking the chancellor to reconsider his position, and hopefully we can reach an amicable solution that balances people’s obligations as teachers with their rights as citizens,” she said in a statement. “If not, we will pursue the matter further.”
Education officials have said the policy stems from concerns that teachers will steer students toward a particular candidate or intimidate students who disagree with their political leanings.Suit Says Led Zeppelin Stole Stairway to Heaven: The band Spirit is preparing to sue Led Zeppelin because they say the British hard rockers stole parts of the song “Taurus” and used them in “Stairway to Heaven.” Spirit wants to block the release of an upcoming reissue of Led Zeppelin IV, which features “Stairway.” Led Zeppelin has been sued before for stealing songs like “Dazed and Confused” and “The Lemon Song,” which were originally written and performed by black American blues musicians. You can listen to the song “Taurus” in the video above.
Gay Judge to Rule on Gay Marriage in Oregon: At noon on Monday, an openly gay federal judge will release an opinion that will determine whether gays can marry in Oregon. Oregon’s voters approved a same-sex marriage ban several years ago, but four gay couples sued to overturn the ban. President Barack Obama appointed the openly gay judge, Michael McShane, in 2012 after his reelection.
Hitting Chinese Hackers: The U.S. government has indicted five Chinese military officials on charges that they hacked into the computers of U.S. businesses and stole trade secrets. The Justice Department has identified their targets as “state-sponsored,” and said that the hackers were employed by the Chinese government while they stole secrets from U.S. businesses.
Very Bad Poll for Dems: A Politico poll asking likely voters who they would vote for – Democrat or Republican – if Election Day were today overwhelmingly chose Republican. According to the poll, 41 percent said they would vote GOP, while just 34 percent would vote Democrat. But, 25 percent were undecided. And, the poll found Obama’s job approval rating at an awful 40 percent.
9/11 Museum Includes Gift Shop: Some are outraged over a “crass” gift shop attached to the 9/11 memorial and museum, which was recently completed on the site in lower Manhattan where the Twin Towers once stood. The gift shop sells items like Pandora bracelets, FDNY-branded dog clothing, silk scarves, and other boutique items. The operators of the memorial claim they need the gift shop to generate extra revenue to keep the site open..Before summer 2011 ended, audiences were completely taken by Rupert Wyatt’s Rise of the Planet of the Apes. Its success had 20th Century Fox quickly commission for a sequel to be put into production, with Wyatt being its director once again.
However, there seems to be some trouble as Wyatt may be unable to commit to direct the sequel, which is titled Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. But it’s not because he is having troubles with the studio, it’s because he feels as though he is unable to deliver the same quality of film he did with his first Apes film and make the scheduled release date of May 23rd, 2014.
There’s a feeling of déjà vu since Gary Ross departed The Hunger Games sequel for those exact same reasons, but this isn’t entirely as bad as it sounds. First it gives Wyatt a new project to pursue. While he may have been itching to get back into the director’s chair, he felt it wasn’t right to make a sequel just for the money. Deadline reports that the studio is now looking for possible replacements so that they can start getting ready for a sequel.
Plus a new director may not be so bad. While it may not have the same spirit, the new director’s vision of the film may take it into a new direction. Which has its pros and cons, but if it is the former, think of the possibilities the Apes franchise could head into.
It’s not known how much the Scott Z Burn’s script will be affected if Wyatt does leave, but as long as studios keep pushing these difficult to meet deadlines, directors will not come back to direct their sequels. And studios will not change their minds about these things anytime soon.
[Source: Deadline]
“it’s because he feels as though he is unable to deliver the same quality of film”
You are really not this Stupid are you?
Nuff Said.Welcome to biology-online.org! Please login to access all site features. Create an account.
Log me on automatically each visit
Biology Articles » Anatomy & Physiology » Physiology, Human » Saliva proteins change as women age
In a step
toward using human saliva to tell whether those stiff joints, memory lapses,
and other telltale signs of aging are normal or red flags for disease,
scientists.
-- News release courtesy of the
American
Chemical Society
rating: 0.00 from 0 votes | updated on: 20 Nov 2009 | views: 1046 |
share this article | email to friends
suggest a revision
print this page
Rate article:
© Biology-Online.org. All Rights Reserved. Register | Login | About Us | Contact Us | Link to Us | Disclaimer & Privacy | Powered by CASPIONCardiologist: Modern Wheat ‘Chronic Poison’
File photo of wheat. (credit: Sean Gallup/Getty Images)
CBS St. Louis (con't)
Affordable Care Act Updates: CBSStL.com/ACA
Health News & Information: CBSStL.com/Health
ST. LOUIS (CBS St. Louis) — A top cardiologist believes that modern wheat is “perfect, chronic poison.”
Dr. William Davis, medical director for Track Your Plaque, said that today’s wheat was created by “genetic research” decades ago while speaking to CBS News.
“This thing has many new features nobody told you about, such as there’s a new protein in this thing called gliadin. It’s not gluten,” Davis explained. “This thing binds into the opiate receptors in your brain and in most people stimulates appetite, such that we consume 440 more calories per day, 365 days per year.”
Davis claims that people are beginning to cut wheat from their diet and seeing substantial weight loss from it.
“[W]e’re seeing hundreds of thousands of people losing 30, 80, 150 pounds. Diabetics become no longer diabetic; people with arthritis having dramatic relief,” Davis told CBS News. “People losing leg swelling, acid reflux, irritable bowel syndrome, depression, and on and on every day.”
On his Wheat Belly Blog, Davis compared today’s wheat as “a creation Al Qaeda couldn’t top.”
Davis suggests the people stick with vegetables and meats in their diet.Touring Hopi via a 10K running race at dawn
I run. And I weep. My tears may come from the fact that it’s 6 a.m., or perhaps from the burning in legs and lungs as I try to hold the pace of the leaders. But I’m pretty sure my sobs come from a deep joy inspired by the way the rising sun lights up the ancient buildings of Old Oraibi on a mesa distant, and the way it does so at the very moment that gravel road gives way to a narrow rain-dampened trail. This trail, I imagine, has been trod for centuries by runners vying against one another, or heading off to distant farms to tend to the corn. My 97 fellow runners and I, it seems, have transcended time.
It’s early September, and this is the 40th annual Louis Tewanima 10 kilometer footrace, which takes place in and around the Hopi village of Shungopavi in northern Arizona. The race is named after a Hopi who was yanked as a young man from his home in Shungopavi in 1907 and shipped off to boarding school in Carlisle, Penn. There, the cross-country coach noticed the youngster’s talent, and Tewanima began running competitively. He finished 9th in the 1908 Olympic Marathon, and won the silver medal in the 1912 Olympic 10,000 meter run, the only American male to medal in the event until Billy Mills, a Sioux, won gold in 1964.
Today’s race, organized by Tewanima’s kin, celebrates the Olympian’s legacy with a 10k, 5k, two-mile and one-mile run, and is a continuation of a tradition of running that dates back hundreds of years. It draws a total of some 300 runners from Indian Country and beyond, giving participants a glimpse of a Hopi that they might not otherwise see.
The Hopi culture is as deeply embedded as any in the canyons and mesas of the Southwest. Their ancestors are the Ancestral Puebloans, neé Anasazi, who once inhabited much of the Four Corners Region, and built the pueblos of Chaco Canyon, Mesa Verde and Hovenweep. Over time the Puebloans packed up and moved, as people sometimes do, migrating to other parts of the region, and various branches of their descendants now live in the pueblos along the Rio Grande, Zuni and in the 12 Hopi villages on and around three mesas that extend into the high desert like fingers from Black Mesa in northern Arizona. Here the Hopi endured and then, in a well-coordinated Pueblo uprising in 1680, cast off Spanish colonists. And they’ve continued to successfully keep much of their culture and traditions intact, despite intrusions from the outside.
One of those traditions is the art of arid farming. There is no rich, loamy Iowa soil here, or huge sprinkler systems or, for that matter, a ditch. One can find corn growing, seemingly impossibly, in little sandy plots among brush and desert grass. Another tradition that endures is running, which was connected to farming, among other things, writes Matthew Sakiestewa Gilbert in his paper, Marathoner Louis Tewanima and the Continuity of Hopi Running:
According to Hopi belief, men ran footraces to unify the villages, gain information from other clans, and prepare them for life’s challenges. Up until the early 1900s, government officials, Christian missionaries, and ethnographers hired Hopi runners to carry messages to various parts of present-day northern Arizona. The Hopi considered running a trustworthy method of transportation, and the people ran as an expression of their identity. ... At the village of Orayvi, Albert Yava recalled that young men often ran to their fields fifty miles away at Moencopi, then ran back to the village later that same day. Covering distances that exceeded American marathons, these Hopi farmers depended on their ability to run to care for their agriculture. Most importantly, they ran to bring rain and moisture to their dry and arid fields.
These days, Hopi farmers probably drive, not run, to their distant fields. But they still run for both ceremonial and competitive purposes. The Hopi High School cross-country team has won every state championship in its division since 1989, and the Tuba City team, with both Navajo and Hopi runners, vies with Chinle for dominance of its division. Several runs are hosted by Hopi villages in late summer, including the Tewanima footrace.
“The Hopi are very welcoming people,” says Sampson Taylor, Tewanima’s great-nephew and president of the committee that organizes the run. Indeed, the racers, be they Hopi, Navajo, Zuni or WASP, are all warmly received in a way that puts most such events to shame. The number pickup the night before the race is as much social event as anything, where a group of local women pile plates high with pasta, green chiles and more. Nearby, a group of volunteers works to drain the baseball field/starting line of a huge puddle brought by that day’s deluge. The Hopi Cultural Center hotel, the only lodging establishment nearby, is teeming with runners from all over, and is chock full for the night.
Though it’s still officially summer, a chill, and a light fog, hang over the mesa as runners congregate at the starting line. A good-sized crowd of spectators is not deterred, though, and gathers around to lend encouragement and cheers. Runners gather haphazardly on the line and in the still-sunless dawn, Nikki Qumyintewa, this year’s Miss Hopi, gives the starting order via megaphone.
A lead pack, moving at a blistering pace, soon establishes itself. In it are a group of aerobic torpedoes like the pony-tailed, teen-aged Masayesva twins, built as lithely as Tewanima himself who, at 5’4” is reputed to have weighed in at 115 pounds. Alvin Begay, last year’s champ, is there, along with Janet Bawcom and her gazelle-like legs, 12th in last year’s Olympic 10k and this year’s U.S. national 10k champion.
Bawcom mixing it up with the men doesn’t seem to enflame any machismo resistance. In fact, there’s a famous story, recounted by Harold Courlander in The Fourth World of the Hopis, about a running race between the old villages of Payupki and Tikuvi. The fastest runner from Payupki is a young woman who can run circles around her brother and, to his astonishment, still grind corn afterwards. Her Tikuvi rival, a boy, is transformed into a dove at one point during the race, futile quest to keep them in sight and enter into a more age-appropriate rhythm, and for a while, I have the trail to myself. About two miles into the run, however, I’m caught and then passed. In his fifties, with a thin black braid laced with silver, my new nemesis runs lightly on thin calves and ankles. His posture is almost rigid, his head and shoulders not bobbing at all. To the volunteers along the way, offering water and a soft-spoken “askwali” or “kwahkway,” I imagine I must look like a flailing, slow beast behind this guy.
But that’s okay, because this isn’t just some weekend runner, it’s Hoffman Shorty, who crushed the competition in this race back in the late 1970s and early 1980s and was immortalized in Ed Abbey’s story, “Footrace in the Desert,” about the 1980 Tewanima run. Abbey actually started the race that year, less than a decade before he died. But he dropped out after the first mile to concentrate on his “journalistic duties,” and wrote about Shorty, a Navajo, taking an early lead and then pouncing the mostly Hopi field by a quarter of a mile or more. This year, I dig deep to keep Shorty in sight, figuring my relative youth might enable me to pass him on the final climb. I am wrong.
Begay wins the year’s race in just 40 minutes and 13 seconds, a dozen seconds faster than the record he set the year before. Anthony Masayesva is just thirteen seconds behind, nipping his brother Brian at the line. Trent Taylor – another relative of Tewanima – is in fourth, with Bawcom rounding out the top five. By the time I finish, far behind Begay and company and a good half-minute behind Shorty, most of the village has gathered at the finish line to cheer the runners on and sell them breakfast: A burrito with eggs, sausage, potatoes and, in some cases, Spam; or a yogurt and fresh fruit parfait.
As we watch the one- and two-mile racers – many of them young children, some running in skirts – a local spectator and I start talking. The last mile of the race includes a brutally steep climb up to the mesa top, much of it on steps carved from sandstone. On my climb I also noticed a parallel trail of hand and footholds – so-called moqui steps – next to the main path. I ask the man if he knows about the trail, how old it is, and what it’s used for. The local smiles and tells me a long, wandering story about running out into the desert and hunting rabbits with throwing sticks and the farms at Moencopi., and that running on them keeps the village vital. If it’s true, I’m happy to have done my part.
Jonathan Thompson is a senior editor at High Country News. Follow him on Twitter @jonnypeace.
Articles..
July 1, 2005
Street Dogs and Sacred Cows
A vaccination and sterilization program for stray dogs in one of the world's poorest countries makes headway.>>rogerswpfd4: Friends
grogerswpfd4 has 22 friends.
Chris_Cosgriff
Account Removed
weaver1436
Ravenfirefighter
firefighter8SR
Account Removed
grogerswpfd4: Groups
grogerswpfd4: Quiz Results
grogerswpfd4: Gifts
Geoffrey Rogers
- Location:
- Angie, LA
- Gender:
- Male
- Service:
- Other
- Status:
- Volunteer
- Relationship Status:
- Married
Personal
- Hobbies:
- Fishing, hangin' out with friends and watchin' movies
- Favorite Movies:
- Jay & Silent Bob, Friday, Open Season
- Favorite TV Shows:
- CSI, CSI:NY, The Ultimate Fighter,
- Favorite Music:
- just about everything
grogerswpfd4: Activity
April 14
grogerswpfd4 is now friends with firechchick197929.
.
January 02
grogerswpfd4 is now friends with msmed236.
September 24
grogerswpfd4 is now friends with firefighter_415.
September 15
grogerswpfd4 received the quiz result of "You are a US citizenship expert".
September 10
grogerswpfd4 commented on: "Video shows dangers of texting while driving".
Comment Wall
Add grogerswpfd4 as a friend to write on their Comment Wall.
« Previous 1 2 Next »
Ravenfirefighter
almost 6 years ago
Please consider becoming a member of the Rescue Operations Group!The FLOW3 procedure draws lines representing a 3D flow/ velocity field. Note that the 3D scaling system must be in place before calling FLOW3. This procedure works best with Z buffer output device.
This routine is written in the IDL language. Its source code can be found in the file
flow3.pro
in the
lib
subdirectory of the IDL distribution.
Length of each step used to follow flow lines (default = 2.0). Expressed in units of largest field vector (i.e., the length of the longest step is set to len times the grid spacing.
Create a set of random three-dimensional arrays to represent the field:
vx = RANDOMU(seed, 5, 5, 5)
vy = RANDOMU(seed, 5, 5, 5)
vz = RANDOMU(seed, 5, 5, 5)
Set up the 3D scaling system:
SCALE3, xr=[0,4], yr=[0,4], zr = [0,4]It’s been a couple years since 50 Cent released his last album, but the December/January XXL cover subject plans on coming back strong this year, as he hopes to release two albums.
“I’d like to launch this record and come right back and launch another record after it,” he told Forbes in a recent interview. “It’s been three years since my last album, so I’ve recorded so much material that I’m really excited about trying to get those ideas to the general public so they can get a chance to hear it and appreciate it.”
Fif also spoke on how he’s adapted to the developments in music consumption triggered by technological developments. “I think you have to kind of keep your audience engaged a little more,” he acknowledged. “There is a lot of different outlets and new material that comes out. But it’s not from established artists. They’re still within the regimen of things they’ve been doing. So they’ll stay there for a little while. I just feel like, because I’ve created so much, I want to be able to get it out to them.”
With his SMS headphones recently launched, the Queens native again has his hands in an assortment of endeavors. But he admitted that, despite his many pursuits, music still is at the top of his list.
“I’m running through an endless tunnel, and I always find something else to be passionate about, and to kind of put myself into it…[but] music, there’s nothing that replaces the feeling of when it’s dead right,” said the rapper, who dropped his mixtape The Big 10 last month. “Like when you got your finger on the pulse of what’s going on, because it’s not a whole lot of people involved. The process is really—because I’m conditioned to write music, it’s a short process. It might take me thirty to forty minutes to write the song. It takes, actually, longer for it to be done [with] the mixing process. It may take three or four days for me to feel like it sounds perfect, but to get that initial idea, it’s thirty, forty minutes. And when it works around the world and you see that many people enjoy it, it’s priceless.” —Adam FleischerWednesday’s scoreboard
MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL
American League
East Division
W L Pct GB
Toronto 39 27 .591 —
Baltimore 32 31 .508 5½
New York 31 31 .500 6
Boston 29 35 .453 9
Tampa Bay 24 42 .364 15
Central Division
W L Pct GB
Detroit 33 27 .550 —
Cleveland 33 32 .508 2½
Kansas City 32 32 .500 3
Chicago 32 33 .492 3½
Minnesota 30 33 .476 4½
West Division
W L Pct GB
Oakland 39 25 .609 —
Los Angeles 35 28 .556 3½
Seattle 34 29 .540 4½
Texas 31 33 .484 8
Houston 29 37 .439 11
Late games not included 4, Arizona 3
L.A. Angels 4, Oakland 1
Tuesday’s Results
Arizona 4, Houston 1
Boston 1, Baltimore 0
Minnesota 4, Toronto 0
St. Louis 1, Tampa Bay 0
Miami at Texas, late
Kansas City 9, Cleveland 5
Detroit at Chicago, ppd., rain
Oakland at L.A. Angels, late
N.Y. Yankees at Seattle, late
Wednesday’s Games
Minnesota (P.Hughes 6-2) at Toronto (Stroman 3-0), 12:37
Cleveland (Bauer 1-2) at Kansas City (Ventura 3-5), 2:10
Boston (R.De La Rosa 1-1) at Baltimore (W.Chen 6-2), 7:05
Detroit (Verlander 6-5) at Chicago White Sox (Joh.Danks 4-5), 8:10
Oakland (Milone 3-3) at L.A. Angels (Weaver 7-4), 10:05
N.Y. Yankees (Tanaka 9-1) at Seattle (C.Young 5-3), 10:10
Thursday’s Games
Toronto at Baltimore, 7:05
Cleveland at Boston, 7:10
Arizona at Houston, 8:10
Detroit at Chicago White Sox, 8:10
N.Y. Yankees at Seattle, 10:10
National League
East Division
W L Pct GB
Atlanta 33 29 .532 —
Washington 33 29 .532 —
Miami 33 30 .524 ½
New York 29 35 .453 5
Philadelphia 26 36 .419 7
Central Division
W L Pct GB
Milwaukee 38 27 .585 —
St. Louis 34 31 .523 4
Pittsburgh 30 34 .469 7½
Cincinnati 29 33 .468 7½
Chicago 26 36 .419 10½
West Division
W L Pct GB
San Francisco 42 22 .656 —
Los Angeles 34 31 .523 8½
Colorado 29 34 .460 12½
San Diego 28 36 .438 14
Arizona 29 38 .433 14½
Late games not included
Monday’s Results
Pittsburgh 6, Chicago Cubs 2
L.A. Dodgers 6, Cincinnati 2
Atlanta 3, Colorado 1
Houston 4, Arizona 3
Washington 9, San Francisco 2
Tuesday’s Results
Arizona 4, Houston 1
Chicago Cubs 7, Pittsburgh 3
Philadelphia 5, San Diego 2
N.Y. Mets 6, Milwaukee 2
St. Louis 1, Tampa Bay 0
L.A. Dodgers at Cincinnati, late
Miami at Texas, late
Atlanta at Colorado, late
Washington at San Francisco, late
Wednesday’s Games
Chicago Cubs (Hammel 6-3) at Pittsburgh (Cumpton 1-2), 7:05
San Diego (T.Ross 6-5) at Philadelphia (Hamels 2-3), 7:05
L.A. Dodgers (Ryu 7-2) at Cincinnati (Cueto 5-5), 7:10
Milwaukee (W.Peralta 5-5) at N.Y. Mets (deGrom 0-2), 7:10
Atlanta (Teheran 6-3) at Colorado (Matzek 0-0), 8:40
Washington (Roark 4-4) at San Francisco (M.Cain 1-3), 10:15
Thursday’s Games
L.A. Dodgers at Cincinnati, 12:35
San Diego at Philadelphia, 1:05
Atlanta at Colorado, 3:10
Washington at San Francisco, 3:45
Chicago Cubs at Pittsburgh, 7:05
Milwaukee at N.Y. Mets, 7:10
Arizona at Houston, 8:10
Tuesday’s Boxscores
Royals 9, Indians 5
Cleveland Kansas City
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Bourn cf 5 0 1 0 Dyson cf 4 1 2 0
A.Cabrera ss 4 1 1 1 Infante 2b 4 2 1 1
Brantley lf 3 1 1 0 Hosmer 1b 5 1 2 3
Kipnis 2b 4 1 1 2 B.Butler dh 4 0 2 2
C.Santana 1b 4 0 2 1 A.Gordon lf 4 1 1 1
Y.Gomes c 4 0 0 0 S.Perez c 4 1 1 0
Chisenhall 3b 4 1 2 0 L.Cain rf 4 0 0 0
Raburn dh 4 1 1 0 Moustakas 3b 3 2 1 2
Dav.Murphy rf 3 0 1 1 A.Escobar ss 3 1 1 0
Totals 35 5 10 5 Totals 35 9 11 9
Cleveland 000″000″032 — 5
Kansas City 004″020″03x — 9
E–A.Cabrera (11). DP–Cleveland 1, Kansas City 1. LOB–Cleveland 7, Kansas City 6. 2B–Brantley (15), Kipnis (7), Chisenhall (17), Dav.Murphy (15). HR–Hosmer (3), A.Gordon (7), Moustakas (5). SF–A.Cabrera.
IP H R ER BB SO
Cleveland
Kluber (L,6-4) 5 6 6 3 2 5
Carrasco 1 2/3 1 0 0 0 0
Hagadone 1/3 2 1 1 0 0
Atchison 1/3 1 1 1 0 0
Outman 2/3 1 1 1 2 0
Kansas City
Vargas (W,6-2) 7 2/3 6 3 3 0 5
Ti.Collins 0 1 0 0 0 0
Crow (S,1-3) 1 1/3 3 2 2 0 1
Ti.Collins pitched to 1 batter in the 8th. Hagadone pitched to 1 batter in the 8th. HBP–by Vargas (Dav.Murphy, Brantley, Brantley). Umpires–Home, Doug Eddings. First, Cory Blaser. Second, Marvin Hudson. Third, Brian O’Nora. T–3:00. A–25,540 (37,903).
COLLEGE BASEBALL
NCAA Division I World Series
Double Elimination
At TD Ameritrade Park Omaha
Omaha, Neb.
Saturday
Game 1 — UC Irvine (40-23) vs. Texas (43-19), 3 p.m.
Game 2 — Louisville (50-15) vs. Vanderbilt (46-19), 8 p.m.
Sunday, June 17
Game 7 — Game 3 loser vs. Game 4 loser, 3 p.m.
Game 8 — Game 3 winner vs. Game 4 winner, 111, Miami 92, San Antonio leads series 2
PRO BASKETBALL
WNBA
Eastern Conference
W L Pct GB
Atlanta 5 3 .625 —
Chicago 5 4 .556 ½
Indiana 4 4 .500 1 6 .400 4½
Tulsa 2 5 .286 5
Late games not included
Monday’s Games
No games scheduled
Tuesday’s Results
Tulsa 72, New York 57
Phoenix 81, Washington 66
Seattle 80, Chicago 76
Wednesday’s Games
Seattle at Indiana, 7
Thursday’s Games
Phoenix at Connecticut,
MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL — Suspended Baltimore 3B Manny Machado five games and fined him an undisclosed amount for intentionally throwing his bat on the field during Sunday’s game. Fined Oakland LHP Fernando Abad an undisclosed amount for intentionally throwing at Machado during the same incident.
American League
BALTIMORE ORIOLES — Sent OF Nolan Reimold to Bowie (EL) for a rehab assignment.
BOSTON RED SOX — Sent LHP Felix Doubront to Pawtucket (IL) for a rehab assignment.
CLEVELAND INDIANS — Agreed to terms with RHPs Julian Merryweather and J.P. Reyereisen and INFs Steven Patterson and Austin Fisher on minor league contracts. Sent RHP Zach McAllister to Columbus (IL) and 1B Nick Swisher to Akron (EL) for rehab assignments.
KANSAS CITY ROYALS — Optioned RHP Wilking Rodriguez to Omaha (PCL). Recalled LHP Donnie Joseph from Omaha.
SEATTLE MARINERS — Reinstated RHP Taijuan Walker from the 15-day DL.
TAMPA BAY RAYS — Assigned RHP Josh Lueke outright to Durham (IL).
TEXAS RANGERS — Placed 1B Mitch Moreland on the 15-day DL, retroactive to Sunday. Selected the contract of 1B-OF Brad Snyder from Round Rock (PCL). Transferred LHP Matt Harrison to the 60-day DL. Agreed to terms with SSs Ti’Quan Forbes and Josh Morgan and LHP Brett Martin and assigned them to the Arizona League Rangers.
TORONTO BLUE JAYS — Sent RHP Sergio Santos to New Hampshire (EL) for a rehab assignment. Agreed to terms with CF Lane Thomas on a minor league contract.
National League
CINCINNATI REDS — Reinstated 1B Joey Votto from the 15-day DL. Optioned 1B Donald Lutz to Louisville (IL).
MIAMI MARLINS — Sent 2B Rafael Furcal to Jupiter (PCL) for a rehab assignment.
PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES — Agreed to terms with RHP Aaron Nola on a minor league contract.
PITTSBURGH PIRATES — Recalled OF Gregory Polanco from Indianapolis (IL).
WASHINGTON NATIONALS — Agreed to terms with LHP Chris Manno on a minor league contract.
American Association
AMARILLO SOX — Signed INF Kyle Bellows.
GRAND PRAIRIE AIRHOGS — Released LHPs Thomas Keeling and Luis Nunez and RHP Brandon Wilkerson.
KANSAS CITY T-BONES — Traded LHP Kristhiam Linares to Laredo for cash.
LINCOLN SALTDOGS — Released INF Albenis Machado.
SIOUX CITY EXPLORERS — Released INF Mark Sobolewski.
Can-Am League
NEW JERSEY JACKALS — Signed OF Jorge Cortes.
TROIS-RIVIERES AIGLES — Signed INF Max Poulin.
Frontier League
EVANSVILLE OTTERS — Traded RHP Chad Robinson to Rockland (Can-Am) for a player to be named.
Basketball
National Basketball Association
NEW YORK KNICKS — Named Derek Fisher coach.
UTAH JAZZ — Entered into a single affilation partnership with Idaho (NBADL).
Football
National Football League
CINCINNATI BENGALS — Re-signed TE Alex Smith.
DENVER BRONCOS — Signed CB Bradley Roby.
GREEN BAY PACKERS — Signed LB Shaun Lewis.
HOUSTON TEXANS — Placed OT David Quessenberry on the non-football illness list.
INDIANAPOLIS COLTS — Signed WR Greg Moore. Waived C Thomas Austin.
Hockey
National Hockey League
EDMONTON OILERS — Named Craig Ramsay assistant coach.
PHOENIX COYOTES — Promoted Tim Bernhardt to director of amateur scouting and Jeff Twohey to assistant director of amateur scouting.
Soccer
Major League Soccer
CHIVAS USA — Extended the loan of F Erick Torres through the end of the season.
PHILADELPHIA UNION — Fired team manager John Hackworth. Named Jim Curtin interim team manager.
SEATTLE SOUNDERS — Loaned M Aaron Kovar and F Sean Okoli to Orange County (USL-PRO).
College
CASTLETON — Named Hannah Corkery women’s lacrosse coach.
MICHIGAN — Announced sophomore RB Ty Isaac has transferred to the school from Southern Cal.
TCU — Named Lee Taylor Walker women’s tennis coach.
WAGNER — Promoted Caitlin Fifield to women’s assistant lacrosse coach and recruiting coordinator. Named Katrina Martinelli women’s assistant lacrosse coach.
LOCAL SPORTS
Tuesday’s Results
ACME Baseball
patrick henry 12, wauseon 11
Patrick Henry 320 000 124 — 12 13 2
Wauseon 320 240 000 — 11 11 4
WP — Brown. top hitters: (PH) Fintel 1B, 2B; Nickels 1B, 2B, RBI: Petersen 2-1B, RBI; Kolpien 1B, 3B, RBI. (Wau) Whitcomb 2-1B, RBI; Newlove 2B; Rupp 4-1B.
records: Patrick Henry 2-3.
Findlay Youth Baseball
JUNIOR LEAGUE
Rader Environmental 8, Oxi Fresh Carpet 4
MAJOR YOUTH LEAGUE
Coldren Crates 12, Hufford Funeral Home 10
Young Miss Softball
JUNIOR LEAGUE
USA Lawn 15, Cooper Tire 1
USA Lawn 12, Mac & Bob’s 8
MACU 20, Auto Value 7
Cooper Tire 10, Auto Value 4
Hancock Fastpitch Softball
U-10 DIVISION
Riverdale Blue 13, Liberty-Benton Red 2
U-12 DIVISION
Arlington 22, Arcadia B 17
McComb Steinbook 18, Liberty-Benton 1
Arcadia A 11, Vanlue 10
U-14 DIVISION
Fostoria 18, Cory-Rawson 7
U-18 DIVISION
Riverdale 5-2, Van Buren 1-1
Area Golf
SYCAMORE SPRINGS GOLF COURSE
18-HOLE GOLFERETTES LEAGUE
LOW NET — (1st flight) Tami Sink 70. (2nd flight) Karolyn Allen & Sharon Hartman 73. (3rd flight) Ann Simunovich 77. (4th flight) Stacy Essinger 65.
SHADY GROVE GOLF CLUB
GIRLS TUESDAY LEAGUE
LEAST PUTTS — Emma Harris & Justine Hunt 16.
SCHEDULE
Wednesday’s Events
American Legion Baseball
Findlay at Ottawa, 6:30
Findlay Rec Softball
men’s “a” League
AT Rawson PARK
Marathon vs. Veteran Eagles, 6:30
AJ’s Heavenly Pizza vs. CJ’s Bar and Grill, 7:30
Efishent Farms vs. KKS, 8:30
K Kern/TNT vs. Marathon, 9:30
Findlay Rec Softball
men’s “b” League
AT cooper field
Warner Auto vs. Rocky’s Body Shop, 6:30
Sons of Pitches vs. I’d Hit That, 7:30
City Uniforms vs. S&S Landscaping, 8:30
Mickey Thompson vs. Gracie’s Deli, 9:30
Recreation Volleyball
CO-ED “B” LEAGUE
COURT 1
Benny and the Jets vs. Gateway, 6
Scared Hitless vs. Plan B, 6:45
Intimidators vs. Frickers, 7:30
COURT 2
Kiss My Pass vs. Frankart Electric, 6
Random Acts of Awesome vs. XLR8, 6:45
Zweebies vs. BB&D, 7:30
COURT 3
H&R Electric vs. Aces, 6
Aces vs. Formula of Champions, 6:45
Formula of Champions vs. NWO, 7:30
COURT 4
Set To Kill vs. Hitchings, 6
Hitchings vs. J. Alexander Roofing, 6:45
The Slammers vs. J. Alexander Roofing, 7:30
COURT 5
Xtreme Carpet vs. Something Good, 6
Sand Diggers vs. I’d Hit That, 6:45
Maralube Express vs. I’d Hit That, 7:30
Findlay Youth Baseball
PEE WEE LEAGUE
K of C vs. Country Inn Suites, Guthrie 1, 6
Anderson Dental vs. Baker Photo, Guthrie 2, 6
JUNIOR LEAGUE
Lowe’s RDC vs. Rader Environmental, Emory 3, 6
Ball Metal vs. Oxi Fresh Carpet, Hancock, 6
SENIOR LEAGUE
National Lime & Stone vs. Rustic Razor, Iriti Field, 5:45
McDonald’s vs. House of Awards, Iriti Field, 7:45
Hancock Fastpitch Softball
U-8 DIVISION
McComb Conrad at Cory-Rawson Gold, 6
Van Buren Black at Hardin Northern, 6
Findlay at Liberty-Benton, 6
Cory-Rawson Green at Riverdale Blue, 6
Riverdale White vs. Van Buren Orange, 6
U-10 DIVISION
Kenton at Findlay, 6
Liberty-Benton Red at Hardin Northern,..2010 FORD FUSION SE $12,720
- $12,720
- Mileage 74,718 Miles
- Mileage 74,718 Miles
- Color Black
- Engine 6 Cyl
- Mpg Avg: 22
- Location Petaluma, CA
Message sent
Message failed
Family FriendlyThis 2010 Ford Fusion is a great choice for families! This Sedan, with 22 MPG, will get you and your family wherever you need to go safely and stylishly and at $12,720 it won't break the bank.
Great for CommutingThis 2010 Ford Fusion will get you where you need to go comfortably and affordably. At $12,720 this Sedan is a great value and since it gets an average of 27 MPG on the highway and 19 MPG in the city it will also be easy on your wallet at the pump.BEIJING, June 28 -- China now has the world's second largest number of thinktanks, but more support is needed if they are to play a bigger role in public policy.
At a panel on China's thinktanks on Friday, James McGann, director of an American thinktank research program at the University of Pennsylvania, called for competition between government and quasi-government thinktanks, while supporting and encouraging independent thinktanks.
"Now is the time to deepen reform and policy and organizational innovation in China, but this can only be achieved if China allows 1,000 thinktanks to bloom," said James
Joining him on the panel was Wang Huiyao, director of the Center for China and Globalization, a non-profit independent thinktank. Wang said Chinese entrepreneurs could do as well as their American counterparts did in the past, such as Andrew Carnegie, to donate money to the development of thinktanks.
According to a report by McGann's program, China had 426 thinktanks last year, after America's 1,828, but only six of the Chinese institutions ranked among the top 100.
McGann said the ranking was determined by the quality of a thinktank's staff, research and publications as well as who listens to their advice.
Day|Week|MonthSelect a different country:
Allahabad To Aligarh Trains
Following is the list of all the trains running between Allahabad to Aligarh Railway Stations:
More About - Allahabad To Aligarh Trains
Book your train tickets from allahabad to aligarh. To name some trains that run from allahabad to aligarh are Poorva Express, Brahmputra Mail, Mahabodhi Exp, Nandan Kanan Ex, Unchahar Exp, North East Exp, Rewa Anvt Exp, Lal Quila Exp, Sangam Express and etc. The train starts from various stations in allahabad like Allahabad Jn. You can also choose your train according to total time taken by different trains which varies from 32 hrs 58 mins to 5 hours 17 mins. Choose your train according to your suitability like trains that run on daily basis like Sangam Express, Brahmputra Mail, Rewa Anvt Exp, Hte Jat Exp, Tata Jat Exp, Hwh Dli Klk Mai, Lal Quila Exp, Lichchavi Exp, Swatantra S Exp, Unchahar Exp or train that run sporadically like Ald Uhp Spl, Poorva Express, Nandan Kanan Ex, Jyg Anvt G Rath, Bgp Garib Rath etc. There are different pick up points in allahabad from Allahabad Jn( like Magadh Express, Ald Uhp Spl, Hwh Dli Klk Mai, Rou Muri Jat Ex, Unchahar Exp, North East Exp, Hte Jat Exp, Sangam Express, Tata Jat Exp, Jyg Anvt G Rath ), Naini( like Mahananda Exp, Lal Quila Exp ), Allahabad City( like Lichchavi Exp ).NORTHERN COMFORT: Alaska state officials said that eligible Alaskans will receive $878 this year from the state's oil savings account.
HEADING SOUTH: That's significantly less than last year's dividend of $1,174, the smallest since 2006. The dividend is calculated on the amount of investment earnings over a five-year average, and includes 2009, when the fund saw its first net loss.
ICING ON THE CAKE: New residents must live in Alaska for a year to benefit from the permanent fund, which was established in 1976 after North Slope oil was discovered. The payouts go to every eligible man, woman and child.I don’t watch MSNBC very much, because my liver can’t take it. Today, it’s my heart — as in, I almost had a coronary just reading what she said today. Mediaite has the story:.
“Why would you send Bill Clinton to Philadelphia if you weren’t certain that the people of Philadelphia were going to turn out and you would have a Democratic victory,” Mitchell asked Todd.
Todd explained that the Obama campaign is confident in their ground game in Philadelphia. He said that Democratic operatives have confided in him that they expect to win Pennsylvania by a larger margin than Minnesota.
Mitchell said that, if on election night, Pennsylvania looks to be in play, than Obama is in trouble and “it would be a remarkable turn of events.”
Holy farging crap I did not think it was possible that Mitchell had enough functioning synapses to put that all together, without shorting something out. Mediaite has the video, if you think your ticker can handle it.
– tomorrow evening, only drinking Captain Morgan — because I’m feeling like a pirate about to board and take a Spanish galleon.
I have two options: if it looks like things are going well, I have cheap beer. If they’re not going well, I have cheap Scotch.
If things are going unimaginably well, then I guess I’ll run out of beer and carry on with the Scotch.
It’s not that they don’t know these things. It’s that they lie about them, normally. I think she is just being honest, for once. She is seeing the trend, and it has her honestly worried. In her fear, she spoke from the heart, because she sought some reassurance.Media Release | September 11, 2014
UBC, in collaboration with BetaLogics Venture, a division of Janssen Research & Development, LLC, has published a study highlighting a protocol to convert stem cells into insulin-producing cells.
December 18, 2012 - by Tim Kieffer, Head, Diabetes Research Group
The discovery of new sources of stem cells may herald the end of insulin injections.
Media Release | December 4, 2012
A serendipitous discovery by a researcher at the University of British Columbia could overturn widely accepted notions about healthy eating habits.
Media Release | June 27, 2012
University of British Columbia scientists, in collaboration with an industry partner, have successfully reversed diabetes in mice using stem cells, paving the way for a breakthrough treatment for a disease that affects nearly one in four Canadians..
View all Next Big Thing 2014 submissions."
Browse Bryan's grammar blog and enjoy reading his thoughts on grammar as well as answers to grammar questions from our users.
If you would like to submit a grammar question, please use the form on our company website .
I am in an English grammer quagmire. I am reading a novel right now and the author is using a term over and over in a way that totally takes me out of the story, because I am questioning the proper use of English grammer in this way.
The book is "Before I go To Sleep" by S.J. Watson and it takes place in great Britain in the current time period. The author is British as are the characters in the story. The story is that a woman suffers from amnesia as a result of a car crash some 20+ years earlier. She will recall certain memories every day but will forget them after she sleeps so that tomorrow she will wake up with a blank memory every day.
My problem is that way the author uses the term tp awaken. Here's a sentence: "I had woken with no memory of him." That seems such a strange way to say that she woke up with no memory. "...I had woken..." seems such a bizaar use of the word that it takes me out of the story every time he uses this term and the story uses it over and over.
Can this usage be right? Can it be proper use of grammer? Can the publisher be correct in letting this go on over and over? I'm not an English junkie just searching for anothers mistakes, I just find it hard to believe that a book publisher wwould allow this to go out in print, if it weren't legitimate.
Now in fairness, the author is a Brit and so are the characters in the story but in all the books I have read, I have never been so put off by the use of one word in my life.
Is it wrong or am I just being an idiot?
Jerry
Hey Jerry!
"Before I Go to Sleep" sounds like a great book. I hope you're enjoying it so far! I am also a fan of British literature and any novel that takes place in Britain. The nation has such tradition and resiliency that its characters, fiction and real, inspire me to no end.
As a student of English literature, I've come to notice the British are unafraid to speak and write correctly, even if it sounds rough or awkward, and they are more used to it than we are. In America, it seems like we tack on so many extra words just to sound approachable and friendly: we say "woken up" when really, the act of waking, to wake, has a definite beginning and end. One goes from dreams to awareness, rest to activity, without necessarily needing to be "up."
In your book, it sounds like the past plays a huge role in the present and future lives of the characters. The woman with amnesia starts to distrust her husband, questioning his current motives and what he may do in the future. As the plot line depends on the past, present, and future, so does the grammar. "Had woken" is, indeed, the correct usage of the verb "to wake," in the past perfect tense. It is called "past" because the verb was acted upon before the present moment in which its action is being explained. In speaking and writing, when we say "I had woken," "She had slept," or "He had risen," it is in the context of a dialogue with a listener, listeners or ourselves. In "Before I Go to Sleep," the protagonist probably thinks a lot to herself as she pieces together her memories, right? So, when she's thinking, "I had woken," she's trying to piece together what happened next. "I had woken, but then, I couldn't remember a thing from the day before. I had experienced it, gone to sleep, and have just woken with no memory of the day before." We call it "perfect" because it definitively happened, though, in the context of these dialogues, in which people try to order sequences of events with others or themselves, what happened afterwards isn't always so certain. For the protagonist in "Before I Go to Sleep," it sounds like the grammar of her brain needs to be relearned for her to make sense of life!
Now, don't let correct grammar get you down. British publishers and editors know their verb tenses very well, they just try not to dress up the words like we casually do in America. There is a rhythm to language that can sound halted and jumpy, but once you slow down and absorb it, practice it aloud and in your mind, many people will be impressed by your command of the English language, like a true Englishman, or American, if you please!
Thanks for Emailing,
BryanYou are currently using a new, unsaved search.
Primitive lexical bindings trigger compile time exceptions under certain conditions
Negating Boolean false is false
Potential bug in trampoline
No way to AOT class with interface or parent whose fully qualified name doesn't contain a period
Unexpected additional digits are appeared after RuntimeException in repl.
Colons followed by spaces are not ignored within (comment ...)
Inconsistent behavior in transient sets: they should allow contains?
Classes generated by deftype and defrecord don't play nice with .getPackage
System/getProperty "user.dir" gives wrong output
inc always warns when *unchecked-math* is set
Clojure Inspector navigation error
((println)) should throw CompilerException instead of NPE?
Cannot reduce over short[] arrays
Reader Bug for making vector of numbers
(apply and [false true]) gives CompilerException
distinct? does not accept zero arguments
(compile) crashes with NullPointerException if public function 'load' is defined
Quotient on bigdec may produce wrong result
the locking in MultiFn.java (synchronized methods) can cause lots of contention in multithreaded programsAmbassador Munter Attends Pashtun Tribal Jirga In Quetta
Quetta, April 29, 2011– U.S. Ambassador Cameron Munter, during his first trip to Balochistan, participated in a Pashtun tribal jirga in Quetta today. The jirga was convened by Nawab Ayaz Jogezai, a Pashtun leader and convener of the Pashtun ulas qaumi jirga. It brought together 16 Pashtun tribal leaders from Balochistan. The jirga discussed issues of mutual interest, including economic development and security. Nawab Ayaz Jogezai explained the working mechanisms of the jirga to the U.S. Envoy.
Ambassador Munter was pleased to attend in this important tribal gathering. “Balochistan is a proud province with a remarkable history, wonderful people, and strong traditions. I feel very fortunate to experience this firsthand by being included in this Pashtun tribal jirga. By meeting face to face as we have today, we can address the difficult issues facing Balochistan province together, in a spirit of open communication and collaboration,” said Ambassador Munter.
Consul General William Martin accompanied Ambassador Munter throughout his visit, during which they met with numerous civil society, military, and tribal.We created Pandora to put the Music Genome Project directly in your hands
It’s a new kind of radio –
stations that play only music you like
Total Eclipse Of The Heart
Features of This Trackdemanding vocal performances
heavy use of vocal harmonies
call and answer vocal harmony (Antiphony)
repetitive melodic phrasing
chromatic harmonic structure
paired vocal harmony
major key tonality
mixed acoustic and electric instrumentation
These are just a few of the hundreds of attributes cataloged for this track by the Music Genome Project.show moreThe SAA library is open to students Monday-Thursday from 8-5, and Friday from 8-3:30. The collection focuses on advertising art, including graphic design, typography, color, painting, illustration, art history, fine art, and marketing. A wide range of periodicals includes Communication Arts, Print, Advertising Age, Photo District News, Lurzer’s Archive, and Aperture, to name a few. Databases include Bridgeman Education Art.Fans in the House of Commons.
Many Labour followers, as well as a few pissed off Lib Dems, are expected to take vuvuzelas to add atmosphere to the debates, but mainly to piss off David Cameron.
Brown was unavailable to comment, but it is thought it was a deliberate ploy to wind up his opposition leaders.
We later caught him selling vuvuzelas to tourists outside Big Ben. He gave us a brief wave before moving up the street.
Joining the debate, the words of David Cameron were drowned out by a horrible whining sound. Tory backbenchers, and David Miliband's cries of "It should've been me!"BASF Completes Acquisition of Becker Underwood LUDWIGSHAFEN, GERMANY -- (Marketwire) -- 11/28/12 -- -- New global business unit Functional Crop Care established -- Integration plans will be developed jointly -- Biological seed treatment solutions complement BASF's crop protection portfolio BASF has completed the acquisition of Becker Underwood from Norwest Equity Partners, a U.S.-based private equity investment company, for a purchase price of US$1.02 billion (EUR 785 EUR 4.2 billion and is expecting another record year in 2012. With its products and services, BASF helps growers to improve their yields and the quality of their products.. Corporate Media Relations: Gert Loedden Phone: +49 621 60-20829 Fax: +49 621 60-92693 gert.loedden@basf.com Trade Press: Katharina Fischer Phone: +49 621 60-27034 Fax: +49 621 60 6627034 katharina.fischer@basf.com In North America: Anne Burt Phone: 1-919-547-2757 Mobile: 1-919-523-7415 anne.burt@basf.com
BASF Completes Acquisition of Becker Underwood
Save
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.I’ve been lazy about Cajun French lessons, but I’m going to fix that. Honest! The excitement from yesterday actually made me think about today’s word. The nomination for my two books made me feel a little crazed and well, this word.
Today’s lesson is pretty quick. Nerveen (may not be spelled correctly, but pronounced exactly like it’s spelled here ner-veen) means someone is fidgety or nervous. You’d say something like She’s/He’s nerveen.
See? Easy peasy! Well, unless you’re talking about my family. You see, if there’s one thing we all have in common, it’s what I’m going to call leg-shaking syndrome. Yes, leg-shaking. You know what I’m talking about. You’ll be talking to someone at a table and all of a sudden the table starts bouncing because they’re shaking their leg so much? That doesn’t happen to you?
It happens in this family. In fact, when everyone gets together (if we can find a table big enough to fit us all), you’ll feel the floor vibrate because 90% of the people at the table are bouncing their legs. Some of them, like my aunt, bounce their legs to help them go to sleep. Now I don’t go that far. I just rub the top of my foot against the sheet over and over and over…you get the idea.
This doesn’t technically mean they’re nerveen…or maybe it does. Hm. I’ll have to ask around.
How about y’all? Do fidgets run in your family?
2 responses to “Cajun French: Nerveen”
This cracks me up. I just went to NYC with my son and shared a room. He was fussing about the way I fidget so much all night that he can hear me over in my bed practically wrestling the thing. LOL! So, yeah, nerveen is me!
LOL, then yes, you’re nerveen :)Cologne-based auctioneer Lempertz was content, but not excited with the results of its spring auction series.
BERLIN—Cologne-based auctioneer Lempertz was content, but not excited with the results of its spring auction series. With the Meissen porcelain factory celebrating its 300th birthday this year, Meissen appeared often in decorative-arts auctions. Three Meissen vases with chinoiserie ornament, ca. 1740, estimated at €90,000/120,000 were sold for €180,000 ($234,000), the top price at Lempertz’s decorative arts sale (all prices are hammer).The market for Old Masters remained steady, as indicated by the house’s May 15 sale. A painting of a late Gothic cathedral above a river, said to be by Karl Friedrich Schinkel, was sold for a hammer price of €380,000 ($494,000) against an estimate of €150,000/180,000.Landscape Near Kaupanger With Church, 1847, a painting by Norwegian artist Johann Christian Clausen Dahl (1788–1857), carried a high estimate of €150,000, but the price went up to €170,000 ($221,000). On the other hand, a portrait of a nobleman by Nicolaes Maes (1634–1693), which had been bought at Sotheby’s Amsterdam in 2007 for €48,000 ($67,200), above its high estimate, and which had been bought in at a 2009 sale on an estimate of €45,000/55,000, was bought in again now against an estimate of €40,000/50,000.At Lempertz’s sale of the collection of Carl Vogel (1923–2006), a longtime professor at the College for Fine Arts in Hamburg, on June 1, a record was set for a print by Gerhard Richter. (A large portion of Vogel’s collection consisted of works on paper.) Richter’s screenprint Hund (Dog), 1965, estimated at just €20,000/30,000, sold for a hammer price of €180,000 ($216,000).Berlin was the stage, as usual, for the Villa Grisebach auctions, which yielded solid, if not stellar, results. Prices for work by Leipzig School artist Neo Rauch failed to reach their previous highs. His Hauptgebäude (Main building), 1997, which is somewhat atypical of Rauch’s work, was estimated to fetch €200,000/300,000. The owner had tried to sell it privately with an even higher price tag, sources said. It sold now within estimate for a premium-inclusive €297,500 ($364,081).A buyer paid €440,000 ($528,000), with premium, for Sean Scully’s Grey Fold, 2005 (estimate: €350,000/450,000). At a separate Grisebach sale of “selected works,” also held June 4, work by Alexey Jawlensky, ever popular in Germany, also brought strong prices. The painting Abstrakter Kopf: Letzte Strahlen (Abstract head: Last Rays), 1931, sold for €357,000 ($436,900) against an estimate of €250,000/350,000.One interesting item was Rotes und blaues Pferd, 1912, a watercolor with opaque white by Franz Marc, including his signature depictions of horses. The work sold for €339,150 ($415,052) against an estimate of €150,000/200,000, a strong price for a watercolor the size of a postcard.The five Villa Grisebach auctions (including photography) brought in a total of €14million ($16.8million) against an estimate of €10.5million ($12.6million).Abstract
A systematic experimental study is performed to examine the technique for sweeping the carrier-envelope phase (CEP) of few-cycle laser pulses by changing the amount of positive dispersion in the extracavity beam path. Slightly changing the dispersion not only changes the CEP but affects the entire spectral-phase function. As a result, large discrepancies are found between the true CEP as independently measured with a stereo-above-threshold- ionization spectrometer and the CEP detected by an interferometer when sweeping the phase with glass wedges. A new CEP-stabilization scheme is proposed and experimentally shown to significantly improve the performance of CEP sweeping.
© 2011 Optical Society of AmericaFull Article | PDF Article(.
"It is a law that is GOOD for patients, it is bad for the Tea Party and the GOP who care for the riches and big businesses, and it's terrible for the riches and big businesses because they don’t want to be fair tax payers," Mr. Barrasso should have said that in the GOP weekly address because the majority of Americans are believing it that way.
It won't be fullt implemented for a couple of years you screaming moron. Saying it hasn't worked is like saying the runners lost before the race started because they didn't cross the finish line.
Look what kind of benefits and medical care you get at the expense of the voters. Shame on you for suggesting to repeal Obama care.Instead of going against what this president is trying to accomplish you get back to the real issue and the need to realize everyone should be equally treated and equal medical care given to everyone. If you are afraid taxes will go up why do not you give up half of your salary. After all the voters put you in office and what are they getting in return. Think about it.
I think we should propose a bill that requires every senate and Hourse republican and their staff to buy health insurance as everyone else does, out of their own pocket and require them to pay their medical expenses themselves. In addiiton, just as in any other busines, when an employee does not produce, they are demoted, get reduced salary or get fired, we should develop a system where by these folks in the US Congress get paid only if they produce results for the American people; otherwise, they get no salary and are fired (means recalled by people). I see that while others in the country are losing their jobs, homes, and other benefits, these people in US Congress seem to be getting rich and also do not produce any results. For example, in place of working to fix the problems with Energy, edcuation, immigration, jobs, economy, these republicans are busy talking about the healthcare reform law and the contempt charge to satisfy their own egos. Just yesterday, speaker of the house was asked the question: why don't to change what can be improved in the healthcare law and keep those aspects which are popular and help people, he replied not to do so, instead, he said he wants to repeal the whole thing. He did not provide any alternative to solve the problem either.
It is time to show these folks in US Congress that we want them to be responsible just like anyone else in business that they so much admire. Therefore, let us fire all these republicans in November elections and show them that the power to make decisions belong to the prople and we are taking that on.
To be clear, what the court said was since this penalty for noncompliance was under the IRS, this was considered part of the tax code and therefore could be a national mandate. The PENALTY- not a tax – will only be charged to those that do not get healthcare. with over 250 million previously insured, and an additional 6 million added since the law was voted on, there are only 24 million poeple left to insure and that MAY be subject to the penalty. And with assistance to pay the premium for those that can't afford it, there is no reason not to comply.
Don't buy into the lies being told you.
Barasso says, "it's bad for patients." -Bad for patients to have health insurance? Really?
He says, "it's bad for nurses." -the National Nurses United union has endorsed it as a good start, though they'd prefer Medicare for all.
He says, "it's bad for doctors." -the American Medical Association has endorsed it, though they'd prefer a single payer, Medicare for all system.
He says, "it's bad for taxpayers." -only if you can afford health insurance (you make over 400% of the poverty level) but you choose not to purchase it, and you're getting a tax refund. The other 98% of us won't be "taxed" anything extra, at all.
He says, " we'll hire more IRS agents, but won't do anything about the shortage of nurses and doctors." -the IRS is a govt agency. It's up to the private sector to train more doctors and nurses, and up to the "job-creators" to hire them.
He says, "we'll replace it with something else, and we'll be transparent about it." -Republicans aren't known for their transparency. Or for their compassion for the sick, elderly, unemployed, or poor. Forgive my skepticism, Barasso.
It sounds like another Loudmouth – besides the 5 that we've already got . (the other 4 are : Boehner / Cantor / McConnel / Grassley / Hatch ) It's amazing that Just 4 or 5 states are in Play – at almost every election, the sunshine state / the buckeye state / the keystone state / Virginia & Utah.
Members of the Senate and the House have substantial healthcare programs, yet care little about the rest of us getting affordable health insurance. This law was made so that those without health insurance will not go to the hospital any time they want and then not have to pay!!!!
Why are the Republicians fighting this law?
Marine1978, The military's healthcare is not changing because of Obamacare. Stop lying.
Eveyone please check the facts for yourself before you believe anything on the comment board! People are outright lying!!!
Sen Barrasso needs some grey matter in his brain. is he not getting it. The supreme court ruling on this matter is over. Accept it and move on to help america not your party or the rich businesses who are suppporting you to tilt things to their benefit so they can get richer and doll out a few bucks your way as well while the rest of america is struggling.
The unhinged GOBP are back to their lying ways. They were smug enough to think that the ruling would favor them. Now they think that their Frankenstein monster teabaggers will save them in November when the teabaggers hate Mitt(I have nothing)McCain.
Republicans know the health care law, once fully implemented, will be immensely popular. Thus, they want to repeal it now before it fully takes effect. Suggestion to all Republicans: Give up your tax payer paid healthcare and live like the rest of us so you can really feel what it is like to get bills from hospital. My daughter has been denied insurance because of medical reasons was just billed $4000 for a 15 minute procedure. Thank you president Obama for your courage.
Marine 1078 – military personal who are wounded in combat or on deployment already are covered for free under the warrior program set up by congress and created by John McCain. Now very few republicans and no tea party congressman voted for it they voted against it
Marine what are you talking about ? It kills me how uninformed you clowns are, congress disband your pension for five years of work and your health care coverage until you can come up with something just like you told the auto unions a few years ago. If it killed Detriot pensions can't be helping the US government. You prey on the uninformed, what is so wrong a bout requiring health care, did people stop getting sick. Have we not always paid the bills ? Lastly who cares what senator Barasso from Wyoming has to say ? Tis based through every check and balance in government sorry you couldn't give your lobbyist and special interest group a return on their invest Johnny Barraso
Just another useless Republican in the Senate. They will sell their soul to prevent anything good from happening during President Obama's tenure. Ironic that most of the current law is directly from a previous Republican plan!Shirley Temple Black 1928 – 2014
I was so sad to hear about the death of Shirley Temple. As a little girl with very curly hair, I found a kindred spirit in Shirley Temple. In third grade, I sang (poorly) a rendition of “On the Good Ship, Lollipop” complete with a large lollipop and a red and white sun suit emblazoned with a little anchor. I knew about ambassadorships mainly because Shirley Temple Black was one. (She was ambassador to Czechoslovakia from 1989 until 1992). My mother still holds on to her little Shirley Temple Shirley Temple dolls. Celebrate the life of Shirley Temple Black with these movies, books, and other resources from the library
- Little Miss Broadway
- Heidi (Read the book by Johanna Spyri, first!)
- Stowaway
- Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm (Read the book by Kate Douglas Wiggin first!)
- The Little Princess (Read the book by Frances Hodgson Burnett first!)
- Curly Top
- Bright Eyes
- Dimples
- The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer (A rare film featuring Shirley Temple as a non-singing teenager and a very funny Cary Grant.)
- Shirley Temple: The Biggest Little Star: A&E Biography
- Shirley Temple: America’s Sweetheart on CD. Volume I and Volume II.
- Child Star: An Autobiography by Shirley Temple Black
- Shirley Temple: American Princess by Anne Edwards
- Shirley Temple: A Pictorial History of the World’s Greatest Child Star by Rita Dubas
- Shirley Temple from Encyclopedia of World Biography, obtained from database, Biography in Context.
- A New Star in the Hollywood Firmament, article about Shirley Temple in the May 27, 1934 edition of The New York Times, obtained from the database, Historical Newspapers (New York Times and Boston Globe).
posted by Laura and how Australian opal is fitting in with the modern day ‘multiple stone’ bead phenomenon. Opal Cutter, Peter Brusaschi in Australia tells us all about the modern use of that incredible multi colored gemstone-opal
What is it about Pandora beads?
Beads have been popular since the beginning of known history. They were being used by the Princess of Ur in Ancient Mesopotamia (modern Iraq), the city of Abraham, the ancestor of the Jews and the Arabs, around 2000 BC. Although, when Woolley uncovered the ziggurat of Ur in the 1927 from its 40 feet bed of sand (it was originally found back in 1853 by British Consul J.E. Taylor.) he found, like most ancient cities that it had been ransacked by thieves. Fortunately, he and his team had the foresight to dig a little further and what they found was probably one of the most significant discoveries of our time. 1800 graves. 16 tombs.
The tomb of the princess of Ur was almost completely intact. The coffin, the mummified figure, lots of artifacts. Ancient carvings. Figurines and what interests us in particular for this article, the beautiful jewelry that was buried with her. Well, not Opal Pandora beads, but certainly beads of many gemstones
Amazingly it would seem that Women’s tastes in jewelry have not changed much over the years.
They still wear similar pendants around their necks. They still attach stud and drop earrings from their ears. Some still wear headdresses and of course, bead bracelets which bring back memories of events and people.
Beads have been fashioned from just about every known material. The Babylonians from Ur preferred that very ancient dark blue stone, still popular throughout the world today, lapis lazuli. I have seen large parcels of this material offered for sale from Afghanistan in Hong Kong. Because this material comes in large lumps, it’s possible to make very large beads out of it.
But in more recent times, beads have been fashioned out of red and black coral, obsidian, amethyst, ruby, sapphire, garnet, and of course, pearl which when sorted from its cheaper baroque cousins, is already in the shape of a bead. Opal Beads from Australia are now available.
Opal Bead cutting is an art that has been perfected over the years. Much progress has been made since the days when each piece was cut and polished by hand and if you have ever tried to do that, as I have, being an opal cutter, its near impossible to get a perfect round. Lapidarists today use two concave tools in the shape of half a bead. The tool is attached to a vibrating machine that, with the help of different grades of carborundum grit, gradually turns a cube into a sphere.
Opal has been cut both smooth rounds and faceted. And you can make beads out of flattish opals as well by cutting them into an oval shape with a hole drilled end to end. These types of beads are called rondelles. Of course you can make beads from any shape that you can think of. Squares, triangles, rectangles, free-form to name a few.
You can also combine a number of different gemstones into one silver or gold bead as is done with the Opal Pandora beads style of jewelry which screws on to bracelets and necklaces or can be worn in singles or multiples on an existing neck chain.
Hello, i want to order such a pandora charm. are there any more, can you send me some pictures?thanks for helping
Marcel regarding the opal charms, i do have some left but different shapes and stones to this one. i will send you some pics when i get the chance to process them. i will send you an email to make contact. just reply to that so that i know you got it OK. thanks Marcel, Peter
How can I order one of these charms
Linda, i will see if there are any of the opal beads left in stock. please let me know which ones or ones you prefer. from the left. a,b,c or d I will send you an email to make contact so i can send you some pics if i find them. thanks for inquiring Linda. Peter
I love all of them I would one with more of the Blue dangle or round I jus love opals as my Birthday is October. It only let me choose one image but I also like the dangle that has the same color opal! Thank You, Linda
ok linda, i will send you an email so i can send you pictures of the opal beads. peter
Hi
I bought an opal bead in Coober Pedy in the belief that it would fit a Pandora bracelet and it didn’t. I had hoped that with opal being you national gemstone I find something for a Pandora bracelet. As such I’d be dubious of buying again in case it didn’t fit.
I went to a Sydney branch of Pandora last March/ April and they didn’t stock opal beads, well they did but it was pink opal bleuuuggghh
When aussie Pandora start stocking then I’ll definitely buy one
Jack, if you have a cheap Pandora bead, just send it to me by ordinary mail. i have various Pandora opal beads but like you say, you have to make sure the screw fits. i could check to make sure it does. PeterDixon Jones BDP exonerated over Opera House chaos
The architect of the revamped Royal Opera House, Dixon Jones bdp, has escaped blame for the technical blunders which last week led to the cancellation of a ballet in mid-performance and to union calls for the theatre to be shut down.
The roh has been plagued by technical hitches since it reopened in November following a £214 million refit. The breakdown of computer-operated machinery designed to shift elaborate and heavy scenery has meant long interruptions and 12 performances being cancelled. The roh has set aside £1 million to cover the cost of the hiccups.
The stage equipment was the most expensive single element of the refit. It includes lights, flying equipment, pit and stage elevators as well as the scenery handling system and cost £20 million, or £395 per square metre.
Officials at the roh last week rejected calls from the technician's union bectu for the theatre to be closed until the problems are ironed out. But the union ruled out the possibility that the architects are responsible and pinned the blame instead on the roh management.
'The scene-shifting problems stem from unique equipment which is made specifically for the opera house and is not part of the fabric of the building,' said bectu official Willie Donaghy. 'But we're working with equipment which doesn't work and we've said this can't carry on. They are going ahead by trial and error. We've asked the executive director Michael Kaiser to give assurances that the machinery will run smoothly but he said he can't do this. If the place had opened a few weeks later we wouldn't be in this situation.'
bdp's director on the project, Charles Broughton, distanced himself from the teething problems. 'The job did finish very quickly, as all jobs do, but we had little to do with the theatrical equipment. It's not our expertise and roh employed theatre consultants for this,' he said.
Have your say
You must sign in to make a comment.Terrelle Pryor, who already has set the Oakland record for running yards by a QB (91, midway through the 3rd quarter), just sent tough guy Laron Landry to the turf with this nasty stiff-arm. Oakland probably has the worst collection of skill position players in the NFL, but Pryor is running the read option masterfully and scrambling for his life, keeping hapless Oakland in the game. The Raiders trail, 14-10.Small Business Owners' Success Criteria, a Values Approach to Personal Differences
Gorgievski, Marjan J., Ascalon, M. Evelina, Stephan, Ute, Journal of Small Business Management
This study of 150 Dutch small business owners, identified through business/network directories, investigated relationships between owners' understanding of success and their personal values. Business owners ranked 10 success criteria. Personal satisfaction, profitability, and satisfied stakeholders ranked highest. Multidimensional scaling techniques revealed two dimensions underlying the rank order of success criteria: person-oriented (personal satisfaction versus business growth) and business-oriented (profitability versus contributing back to society),Furthermore, business growth, profitability, and innovativeness were guided by self-enhancing value orientations (power and achievement). Softer success criteria, such as having satisfied stakeholders and a good work-life balance, were guided by self-transcendent value orientations (benevolence and universalism).
Introduction
The acquisition of wealth, recognition, and growth has been considered the normative criteria by which business owners have been judged to be successful for the past decades (cf. Julien 1998; Littunen 2000; Wang et al. 2004). This has greatly influenced research and theorizing to date, but it remains unclear to what extent these criteria reflect the success criteria that business owners indeed apply to determine whether or not they are successful. Moreover, the underlying motivators for individual differences in evaluations of entrepreneurial success are still largely unknown.
Our objective is to contribute to small business and entrepreneurship research and education by providing a more comprehensive understanding of the way business owners evaluate success and business owners' personal values as its potential predictors. Current research and education emphasizes success criteria relating to technical aspects of management and finances with the goal of maximizing profit and growth (cf. Wilson 2004). However, building on a review of the literature (e.g., Adams and Sykes 2003; Bennett and Dann 2000; Littunen and Tohmo 2003; Paige and Littrell 2002), our study demonstrates that business owners also use other types of criteria to evaluate their success, for example, societal impact and personal satisfaction. The achievement and acceptance of such criteria are neither sufficiently researched nor instructed by entrepreneurship educators (Wilson 2004). This leaves a wide gap in the area of small business and entrepreneurship. A better understanding of the subjective success criteria that business owners use is important because owners who fail to fulfill their personal goals are more likely to close their businesses, even when those are profitable (e.g., Bates 2005). Understanding personal values as drivers behind business owners' choice of success criteria is equally important because it has inherent importance on the health, well-being, and financial success of business owners. Living in accordance to ones' values predicts long-term personal well-being and satisfaction, whereas a misfit between a person's values and choices leads to internal conflicts and distress in the long term (Bardi and Schwartz 2003). In turn, distress has been found to impair business owners' financial performance (e.g., Gorgievski-Duijvesteijn et al. 2010; Gorgievski-Duijvesteijn, Giesen, and Bakker, 2000).
Thus, the alignment of one's values with one's ideas of success has multiple benefits. Insight into business owners' objective and subjective success criteria and the way they align with one's values can be used to develop more valid methods to advise business owners on how to attain and sustain satisfying careers. First, individuals embarking on an entrepreneurial path can be guided toward a specific direction based on their values. Second, existing business owners can be taught to align their values and success criteria to achieve greater well-being.
This study has been carried out among Dutch small business owners. Dutch business owners are a good sample for studying the relationship between intrinsic motivational aspects and business goals. …- Kia Cars >
- Kia Spectra5 >
- 2007 Kia Spectra5 >
- 2007 Kia Spectra5 Specifications
2007 Kia Spectra5 SpecificationsChange Make/Model
- MSRP
- From $15,995
-
- 27 City - 33 Hwy
2007 Kia Spectra5-adjustable
- Dimensions
- Front Head Room: 40.0
- Front Leg Room: 42.8
- Overall height: 57.9
- Overall Length: 171.3
- Overall Width: 68.3
- Rear Head Room: 38.8
- Rear Leg Room: 35.4
- Wheelbase: 102.8
- Engine
- Compression Ratio: 10.10 : 1
- Displacement: 121
- Horse Power: 138
- Size: 2.0
- Vehicle Emissions: ULEV II
- Engine Spec
- Cylinder configuration: I-4
- Drive type: front-wheel
- Engine liters: 2.0
- Fuel tank capacity: 14.0gal.
- Horsepower: 138hp @ 6,000RPM
- Number of valves: 16
- Recommended fuel: regular unleaded
- Torque: 136 lb.-ft. @ 4,500RPM
- Transmission: 5 speed manual
- Fuel Consumption
- City: 27
- Highway: 33
- Instrumentation
- Tachometer: Tachometer
- Mirrors
- Driver mirror adjustment: Power remote
- Roof
- Sunroof: Express open glass
- Seats
- Total Seating Capacity: 5
- Security
- Anti-theft alarm system: Yes
- Suspension
- Front suspension type: Strut
- Rear Suspension Type: Multi-link
- Tires
- Diameter: 16.0
- Prefix: P
- Profile: 50
- Speed Rating: H
- Tire Pressure Monitoring System: Yes
- Type: AS
- Width: 205
- Transmission
- Number of speeds: 5
- Warranty
- roadside months: 60
- Weights and Capacities
- Curb weight: 2,950
- Max cargo capacity: 53
- Wheels
- Diameter: 16
- Rim Type: Silver aluminum
- Width: 6
- Windows
- Power windows: Power windows
- Rear defogger: Rear defogger
Standard Features
- Body Exterior
- Bodyside moldings:
- Bumpers: body-color
- Door mirrors: body-color
- Heated door mirrors:
- Number of doors: 4
- Power door mirrors:
- Spoiler:
- Convenience Features
- 1-touch down:
- Air conditioning:
- Driver door bin:
- Driver vanity mirror:
- Front beverage holders:
- Illuminated entry:
- Overhead console:
- Passenger door bin:
- Passenger vanity mirror:
- Power windows:
- Rear beverage holders:
- Remote keyless entry:
- Speed control:
- Tilt steering wheel:
- Entertainment Features
- AM/FM radio:
- CD player:
- Speakers: 6
- Lighting, Visibility and Instrumentation
- Front fog lights:
- Front reading lights:
- Low tire pressure warning:
- Rear window defroster:
- Rear window wiper:
- Tachometer:
- Variably intermittent wipers:
- Powertrain
- Cylinder configuration: I-4
- Drive type: front-wheel
- Engine liters: 2.0
- Engine location: front
- Fuel economy city: 27mpg
- Fuel economy highway: 33mpg
- Fuel tank capacity: 14.0gal.
- Horsepower: 138hp @ 6,000RPM
- Number of valves: 16
- Recommended fuel: regular unleaded
- Torque: 136 lb.-ft. @ 4,500RPM
- Transmission: 5 speed manual
- Variable valve control:
- Safety and Security
- 4 wheel disc brakes:
- Dual front impact airbags:
- Dual front side impact airbags:
- Occupant sensing airbag:
- Overhead airbag:
- Panic alarm:
- Security system:
- Seats and Trim
- Front center armrest: w/storage
- Front seats: bucket
- Leather shift knob:
- Leather steering wheel:
- Max seating capacity: 5
- Rear seats: split-bench
- Split folding rear seat:
- Specs and Dimensions
- Compression ratio: 10.10 to 1
-,351mm (171.3")
- Front headroom: 1,016mm (40.0")
- Front hiproom: 1,331mm (52.4")
- Front legroom: 1,087mm (42.8")
- Front shoulder room: 1,400mm (55.1")
- Interior cargo volume: 518 L (18 cu.ft.)
- Interior maximum cargo volume: 1,495 L (53 cu.ft.)
- Passenger volume: 2,778L (98.1 cu.ft.)
- Rear headroom: 986mm (38.8")
- Rear hiproom: 1,369mm (53.9")
- Rear legroom: 899mm (35.4")
- Rear shoulder room: 1,369mm (53.9")
- Turning radius: 5.1m (16.7')5.1 '
- Wheelbase: 2,611mm (102.8")
- Suspension/Handling
- Alloy wheels:
- Four wheel independent suspension:
- Front anti-roll bar:
- Front tires: 205/50HR16.0
- Power steering:
- Rear anti-roll bar:
- Rear tires: 205/50
- Body Exterior
- Roof rack: Optional
- Convenience Features
- Power moonroof: Optional
- Entertainment Features
- MP3 decoder: Optional
- Powertrain
- Block heater: Optional
- Safety and Security
- ABS brakes:.April 6, 2011
Bradley Martin
JacketsOnline.com
Georgia Tech held an open scrimmage on Saturday, which many high school prospects came to take witness. One of the prospects that checked out the Jackets this weekend is running back, Korey Jones from Grayson (Ga). ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inFall Student Leader Training Conference
Traditionally referred to as the All-Star Conference, this one-day event provides training for all student leaders who serve on the executive boards of student organizations. The conference features many staff from around campus, in addition to select student leaders who facilitate training sessions covering topics such as:
- Event planning
- Budget procedures
- Room reservations
- Best practices for successful student organizations
- General training for student organization management.restoring our biblical and constitutional foundations
Creditor or Debtor?
David
Alan Black
In
Romans 1:14-15 Paul writes:
For I am debtor to all people, to the civilized and to the savage, to
the educated and to the ignorant. So then, I am eager to preach the
Gospel to you also who live in Rome.
Wise words from a wise man, written especially to those of us who may be
tempted to see ourselves as creditors instead of as debtors.
At
my age, it's easy to live with a sense of entitlement. Aging
baby-boomers like myself may be tempted to think, "Hey, I've paid my
dues. I've served Jesus faithfully for many years. It's time to be
served. It's time for life to be easy. I have the right to comfort,
respect, and appreciation."
It's so easy to make an idol out of appreciation. We start needing
others' affirmation so that we feel a sense of achievement and success.
"I've traveled thousands of miles serving Jesus. I've trudged through
deserts and forded rivers for the cause of Christ. Isn't it about time I
got some credit for it?" Or a parent can think, "I've poured my life
into raising you. The least you can do is show me some appreciation!"
The older I get, the more I'm finding it's necessary to re-examine my
perspective on living. Like all sinners, I suffer from spiritual myopia.
With a humble dependency on God, I need to expose the critical issues of
my heart to the pure light of God's Word. Our identity as Christians,
says Paul, is not rooted in our performance. It is rooted in the Gospel.
We are called to be faithful servants no matter what the outcome. In the
end, I do not need to be concerned about the approval and affirmation of
others. Because Christ is the source of my identity, I need not allow
respect, comfort, or appreciation to rule my heart. I can glory in the
knowledge that in every trial of life God has a greater agenda than my
personal comfort.
Friend, do not give in to an entitlement mentality. In moments of
discouragement and defeat, we can choose to accept every difficulty as a
God-given opportunity to develop a more Christ-like attitude toward
life. Paul is showing us where our real priorities are to lie. In order
to live for Christ, God must expose those areas in our life that reflect
irresponsibility, foolish thinking, and immature behavior. This is true
whether you are nine or ninety! And immaturity often rears its ugly head
whenever we decide to wallow in self-pity instead of choosing to serve
others.
So, "debtor" is not just another word in my vocabulary. It has become a
real part of my life. The older I get, the more I need this perspective.
I AM NOT MY OWN. I BELONG TO GOD. AND I AM TO GLORIFY HIM BY SERVING
OTHERS IN HIS NAME. Without question, there are lost sheep out there,
and we're sent to find them. But we will never pursue Gospel living as
long as we see ourselves as creditors instead of debtors.
I
warn all of us against such thought and action. Unless we consciously
guard ourselves against it, when we face discouragement we'll begin to
search for a way for others to feed our much-deserved utopia. But the
Christian owns nothing! We simply manage God's resources.
Have you "ordained" everything in your life to God and His service? You
don't have an eternity ahead of you to do this. Aging is a process from
which none of us can escape. As the reality of growing older looms
ahead, we can grow better, not just older. I can't drive or read without
eyeglasses. My back aches when I pick up the lightest objects. Ugh! Paul
says, "Think about who you are. Instead of sitting there in selfish
silence, give of yourself for others, regardless of their cultural
background or educational level. Let the benchmark of your life be
generosity. God has given you undiminished potential to serve Him. Let
go! Let it flow!"
At
the age of eighty-eight, John Wesley could still preach with eloquent
power. Our older years can be the most fruitful years of life in terms
of Gospel service. None of us is finished or washed up. The worst thing
we can do is to carve out a rut and crawl into it. There are too many
opportunities to serve Jesus to do that!
December 20, 2011
David Alan Black is the editor
of.
Back to daveblackonlineAlabama’s CollegeCounts Scholarship Program Accepting 2014 Applications
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (WHNT) – Do you have a 12th grader planning to attend college in the fall? We want to make sure you know about a scholarship program offered by the State of Alabama.
The CollegeCounts Scholarship is in its second year and is run by the Alabama State Treasurer’s office. Last year, funds were awarded to 150 students from all of Alabama’s 67 counties. There were 1,025 completed/eligible applications submitted in all.
To apply, you must be an in-state student planning to attend a two or four-year Alabama college or university.
The one-time scholarship is based on several criteria that can be objectively measured, according to Chad Wright, Director of Alabama’s College Savings Program. These criteria include financial need, ACT score, high school GPA, work/activities, service and honors/awards.
An independent third party, International Scholarship and Tuition Services, administers the program and selects the award recipients. Wright said this is done to assure complete impartiality.
Students must have a minimum GPA of 2.75 and a 26 or below on the ACT (yes, that’s correct.) Chad Wright, Director of Alabama’s College Savings Program, explained further.
“The mission of the program is to provide funding assistance to Alabama high school students with demonstrated financial need to attend college within the state,” said Wright. “We’re looking for good students who wanted to go to college, but who may not have the means otherwise.”
The winning students will receive a one-time award of $4,000 if they plan to attend a four-year college, or $2,000 if they plan to attend a two-year school. The money will be split equally between the two semesters of the 2014-15 year – meaning the student would receive half at the beginning of the 2014 fall semester, and the other half at the beginning of the 2015 spring semester.
You can apply now through March 19, 2014 at 11:59 p.m. CST. Check for more details.2013 Atlanta Braves Top 10 Prospects
We rank the top prospects in Atlanta's farm system..
RANKINGS 2013 Top 100 College Prospects An early look at the top 100 college prospects in the country 2013 Top 100 High School Prospects The top 100 high school prospects […].
Scouting reports on Oakland's top prospects, led by shortstop Addison Russell..Su hogar lejos del hogar en el área de Ludington, el farolero tiene 3 diamantes por la AAA y es la mezcla perfecta de elegancia victoriana y las comodidades modernas. Muebles antiguos residen felizmente con plomería moderna e internet inalámbrico. Nuestro desayuno sensacional servida por luz de las velas con la antigua china y plata es una delicia para los sentidos y trae a nuestros clientes vuelvan una y otra vez. A pie de tiendas y restaurantes del centro, 1.2 millas a kilómetros de playa en el lago Michigan y 6,5 millas al mosto espectacular parque estatal de Michigan.
Puntuación basada en
26 Comentarios
5 en julio 18, 2014
We love the Lamplighter Bed and Breakfast. It is certainly becoming our home away from home. Everything is impeccable and the Breakfast is delightful. The home is kept up in the Victorian Era Tradition.
4,6 en febrero 06, 2012
Beautifully furnished, elegant home. Charming host and hostess who give over-the-top service. Delicious breakfast AND late afternoon appetizers. We will be back.
4,8 en septiem en julio en julio 03, 2011
Very clean! Very comfortable! Excellent breakfast food and very courteous professionally and friendly staff! Will refer this bed and breakfast to other family and friends and will also return as a guest again!
5 en junio en marzo 20, 2011
Just a short drive from Lake Michigan! We had an incredible stay, the food was top notch and our room was very comfortable. We met great people and had inspiring conversation. We are looking forward to a return trip.
4,0 en septiembre 10, 2010
This was a wonderful place to stay. The included breakfast was excellent.
4,8 en agosto 09, 2010
The Lamplight Inn was a fantastic experience. Jane & Bill do an excellent job and the breakfast was unique and out of this world. I highly recommend the Lamplighter B&B.
5 en junio.
Ver más comentarios de viajeros
Baldwin, MI 30mi Medio, Aeropuerto, Ciudad pequeña
Grand Rapids, MI (GRR-Kent County Intl.) 100 miles
Parque de Atracciones, Compra de Antigüedades, Galerías de Arte , Playa, Casino, Cenas Elegantes/Gourmet, De Interés Histórico, Lago, Cine, Parques Nacionales, Área natural, Ferry de coches, Área de picnic, Servicios Religiosos, Río, Viñedo, Bodega
Bed and Breakfast, Historic Inn
Barbacoas , Juegos de mesa, Reproductor de CD, Ordenador, Salas de Conferencia, Fotocopiadora, Fax, Biblioteca, Piano, VCR , Gazebo, desayuno en la terraza
Aire acondicionado, Despertador, Albornoces, Reproductor de DVD, Chimenea, Secador, Jacuzzi/bañera con hidromasaje, Servicio de Internet, Radio, TV por Satélite/Cable, TV, Teléfono, Wi-Fi
Alquiler de bicicletas, Bicicletas, Pasear en barca, Pasear en canoa, Pistas para esquí de fondo, Pescar, Jugar al golf, Pistas para senderismo, Pasear en kayak, Sand Dune Rides Jeep Dispon
Dietético , Alimentación particular
, Vegetariano , Diabetic, High/Low Carb
French Toast Peach Carmelized al horno
Rebanadas frescas del melocotón fijadas en una salsa de cebollas caramelizadas con grandes rebanadas de huevo especial maltratadas pan francés y remató con peachs salteadas y fresas. Por lo general se sirve con tocino nogal o pan de salchicha alemana.Ancho Steak with Roasted Corn Pudding
The tangy, spicy marinade for these steaks makes an excellent complement to the sweet and smoky elements of the corn pudding. Paired with a corn bread muffin, this dish takes barbecue to the next level.
Ingredients
For the marinade:
3 tbsp. ancho chile powder
2 tbsp. honey
1 tbsp. soy sauce
2 tbsp. vegetable oil
2 tbsp. fresh lime juice
6 lb. skirt steak, cut into 8 even portions
2 bunches scallions, trimmed
10 oz. mushrooms, trimmed
1 tbsp. lime juice
Salt, pepper, and cayenne, to taste
1⁄4 cup cilantro, chopped
Roasted Corn Pudding:
8 ears of sweet corn
2 tsp. olive oil
2 cups onion, chopped, sautéed
5 eggs
1 cup heavy cream
3⁄4 cup half-and-half
Salt, white pepper, and hot sauce, to taste
1 cup white cheddar, grated
1 cup pepper jack, grated
Steps
For the marinade:
1. Whisk together ingredients for marinade. Divide steaks and marinade between plastic bags; marinate for 4 hours.
2. Grill steaks to desired doneness. Grill scallions and mushrooms. Rough chop vegetables; season and toss with lime and cilantro.
Roasted Corn Pudding:
1. Char corn on grill. Cut kernels off the cob. Using back of knife, scrape “milk” from cobs. Reserve corn and milk.
2. Whisk together eggs, cream, and half-and-half. Add onion, corn, milk, and seasonings. Fold in cheese.
3. Pour mixture into buttered 8 x 12-in. pan. Bake until golden, about 40 min.The elderly abandoned in nursing homes published:
Sunday March 2, 2008
Avia Collinder, Sunday Gleaner Writer
Many of the nation's elderly, placed in the care of nursing homes, are living very lonely lives. In many cases their relatives have completely passed on the burden of care to others. The monthly fees are paid, but there are no visits, letters, cards or phone calls. In fact, the less money the home costs, the less the care and interest shown by relatives.
It is a curious fact, but Denise Eldemire-Shearer, an executive of the National Council for the Aged, says for "those who are put in lower income homes, there are all kinds of problems in family relations. Some place them there out of feeling obligated and duty bound, but there are no bonds, there were none then and none now." Their relatives do not go to look for them.
Denise Simmonds (name changed), who helps to run a home owned by her church in Vineyard Town, notes that in general the relatives hardly ever come to visit - not even during the holidays.
Emotional abandonment
Counselling psychologist Joan Rhule, who specialises in the care of the aged, says the emotional abandonment of the old "is nothing rare." According to Rhule, her church is forced to care for several members whose families have left them homeless and alone.
(Abridged Article) SOURCE: jamaicaGleaner
---------------------------------------------------
Abandonment of the elderly is a growing problem. Can we consider those who abandoned elderly parents in nursing homes as Elder Abusers or is it just family dynamics. Perhaps researchers can look into this issue.
I am not aware of a law (other than in Singapore and India) that will punish adult children who abandon their parents. Oops! In Singapore there is an Act 'Maintenance of Parents Act', not quite sure if adult children who abandoned their elderly parents, are punished.
Please let me know if I am mistaken. 3, 2008
The Elderly Abandoned in Nursing Homes (Jamaica)
Posted by Andrew Chadwick at 9:23 AM
Labels: Abandonment, Aged Care, Family, International, News
DISCLAIMER
Any Charges Reported on this blog are Merely Accusations and the Defendants are Presumed Innocent Unless and Until Proven Guilty.
2 comments:
I agree with everything said above to the letter T. Over a year ago, my wife and I became part of a Nursing Home Ministry where we on a weekly basis have been part of a very small group of dedicated people who have been providing spiritual support to the residents. On our room to room visits we have noticed exactly what you're commenting on , however one elderly lady who has been abandoned by family has caught our attention very deeply. So much so to the point where we have sacrificed much more of our personal time to spent it with her at the home. As my wife so adequately puts it, just to see the smile on her face when we come into her room and she has someone to talk to. Most of the time we don't understand what she's talking about because it's apparent that she is suffering from some form of dementia. However, if nothing more than just our presence in her space makes the sad look on her face go away then we've accomplished a lot. As a matter of fact, the Aides have told us that she talks more and interacts better. Our concerns, however, go beyond the non relative visitations that we make. What we'd like to do is to seek legal guardianship for this lady. She has some medical issues, for example, thht should be pursued by family, if they cared about her. We do, even if they don't. My question therefore, is what are the steps to take to potentially make this happen. I know even for the unattached family it could be cause for concern , but then again, maybe not. Can someone direct me where I can go to take the next step. Thank you.
Hi! I found this website as i was doing research for an essay regarding elder care. i totally agree with what you said. btw, here's a link talking abt singapore's maintenance act..We
With the recent announcement of British indie darlings Bombay Bicycle Club to headline Synergy Live and Sounds Wild in SA next month, I squealed excitedly (internally) when offered the opportunity to telephonically interview BBC bassist Ed Nash.
By Ruth Cooper 14 Oct 2014 11:29What --icut.
Watching Dan Rather unravel this week over George Bush?s 'unpardonable sins' while serving in the National Guard has been reminiscent of Peter Arnett?s vocational suicide on TV while maniacally distorting the fall of Baghdad in March 2003.
Sen. John Edwards, departing from the usual pattern of vice presidential candidates appearing regularly on Sunday talk shows, has been turning down all such invitations.
Given the preponderance of evidence at this point, one can only conclude that Dan Rather and CBS knowingly used documents that were not conclusively authentic to bolster a story intended to challenge the character and credibility of a president during an election year.
To say that Dan Rather has often shown poor judgment would be an understatement comparable to saying that hurricanes are windy.
Now NBC has unveiled "Father of the Pride," which looks like "Shrek" but sounds as sad and horny as last year's failed Whoopi Goldberg sitcom.
When people are in deep, deep - China Syndrome deep - denial about their predicament, you can get a really good sense of how they see the world.
Author?s warning: Because the following editorial is based on actual events on American college campuses, some of its contents will be highly offensive to some readers. Nearly all of its contents will seem completely ridiculous to most normal readers.
What does it say about the Old Media that they are wholly uninterested in gravely serious and highly relevant charges against John Kerry yet investigate to death relatively minor and largely irrelevant claims against President Bush?
This has been evident about John Kerry throughout his career, but never more than in relation to the Iraq war.
Candidate Kerry ought to know better, but he retains the same "blame America first" mentality.
The implication is that no one knew smoking was dangerous until the tobacco companies admitted it.
The Vietnam War ended in 1975. Since then the Socialist Republic of Vietnam has become a trading partner. Find out how that fact can be used to protect Christians.
Having taken every possible position on the war, there is nothing he can now say that is even remotely credible.
Why do TV commentators on CBS' forgery-gate insist on issuing lengthy caveats to the effect that of course this was an innocent mistake and no one is accusing Dan Rather of some sort of "conspiracy,"
Too many know-it-alls in the high schools and colleges urge or warn parents to get out of the picture and let the child decide where to go and what to do.
But a funny thing happened on the way to the expose.
An Iraqi journalist I know who supports President Bush's policy told me that Iraq is in a race between solving the uprising problem and civil war.
Hundreds of children injured in the recent terrorist attack on a Russian schoolhouse suffered wounds so grievous that only specially trained surgeons could treat them.
Still there seem to remain a few groups one can stereotype and slur with impunity -- for instance, religious fundamentalists, Roman Catholics and Italian-Americans.
"When I was in politics," said Charles Colson, "I was accused of being Nixon?s 'dirty tricks expert'?but I never rose to the heights, or rather sank to the depths, of this year?s campaign."
Briefs from the Kerry campaign as it seemingly heads for the exits. . .
Last year, Rep. Sheila Jackson-Lee, Texas Democrat, took one look at the list of names for the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season and cried racial discrimination.
Don't you feel much safer now, with Martha Stewart about to go to prison? She decided to go to prison first, and then appeal later.
For four decades the Northeast, like the Senate almost forever, has not been fertile ground for producing presidents.
It reminds me of the last gasp of the "scientists" who were certain that the sun revolved around the earth, rather than the other way around, before finally being forced to accept the truth.
To the astonishment and dismay of Democratic politicians, John Kerry over the last weekend appeared to have forgotten his opponent for president.
So let's forget Kelley's gossipy book and turn to Kerry's floundering campaign. Why is he doing so badly?
Rather has yet to explain adequately his conduct. He can start by answering these questions:
Dan Rather, Professional Journalist, and CBS News, Professional News Network, want us to keep believing that they are the ordained purveyors of truth.
In last week's column, I reported on the Washington, D.C.-based Tax Foundation's study that estimated that 44 percent of income earners will legally have no 2004 federal income tax liability.
CBS News and anchorman Dan Rather have entered the journalistic equivalent of one of Dante?s circles of Hell, forced to live forever with a scandal they created.
I don't want to overstate the extent of my glee over the Dan Rather imbroglio now known as 'Memogate.'
Last week, I was asked to go on a radio show to debate the assault weapons ban, which was passed on September 13, 1994.
As in all revolutions, first, the old order must be destroyed, then we will learn both the strengths and the shortcomings of the new order. We got a glimpse of the Internet blogger's strength this past week.
End-of-life issues are always difficult for any family, and the once-great news division of a once-great network is critically ill and possibly beyond resuscitation.
Dan Rather, successor to Walter Cronkite as anchor of CBS News, may be about to close out his career on a banana peel.
Where in the Constitution does Congress find the authority to fund golf?
If our liberty is used to ignore evil, we have betrayed the trust placed in us by the founding fathers.
What should happen to Dan Rather and CBS News if those National Guard records impugning George W. Bush's service, revealed on "60 Minutes II" last week, prove to be forgeries?
From our seats way up near the rafters in Madison Square Garden, my daughter and I had a great view of the crowd's reactions to President Bush's acceptance speech on the final night of the Republican National Convention.
The CBS mess variously known as 'Forgerygate' or 'Rathergate' is by any other name a seminal moment in the blogosphere that holds promise not only for revolutionizing journalism, but also perhaps for problem-solving on a global scale.
As George W. Bush mounts a strong comeback in the polls, stock market averages are mounting their own stealth recovery.
In the wake of the hurricanes in Florida, the state's attorney general has received thousands of complaints of "price gouging" by stores, hotels, and others charging far higher prices than usual during this emergency.
Dear Ms. Parker: Recently my 12-year-old daughter has expressed interest in using her hard-earned baby-sitting money to purchase a CD by an artist I was unfamiliar with, Usher.
Remember when former Senator Bob Kerrey said that Bill Clinton was an 'unusually good liar -- unusually good'?
The holiday's primary purpose is to engage in an "accounting of the soul," and usher in the Ten Days of Repentance, which culminate in the holiest Jewish day, Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement.
As the John Kerry campaign tries desperately to find its footing, many polls suggest a prime reason for the decline of its candidate.
What is courage in the face of evil? On Oct. 1, American moviegoers will be offered two diametrically opposed answers in two movies.
Events in Iraq bring home, with near-daily frequency, the mess we are in. To acknowledge this isn't to say that we were wrong in going to war.
With Florida being battered by one of the worst hurricane seasons in memory, the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee (DSCC) is appealing for help - although it is not in need of batteries and bottled water.
No longer are the Chechens fighting for independence. They are fighting for the destruction of Russia.
By overemphasizing his Vietnam record, he chose to ignore issues on which George W. Bush potentially is vulnerable. Among these is tax reform.
What a difference a couple of weeks make.
I decided that we should all do the same from time to time, just for fun. Here are some of my favorites.
In an age when 'reality TV' features people who swallow worms and an aging businessman whose most famous utterance is 'You're fired,' true reality is expressed in a television show unlike any other you will see this season, or any season.
Four years ago, Al Gore thought he could expand his appeal to women with "earth tones" and getting in closer touch with his "feminine side." It didn't work.
Once again, going along to get along trumps results. When consensus means more than success, failure is an option.
If there was something tragi-farcical about Steven Spielberg receiving a knighthood from Jacques Chirac last weekend for "Schindler's List," there was also something tragi-farcically apt.
The Republican and Democratic parties could have stirred up more television audience for their national nominating conventions by allowing the delegates to debate their party platforms.
John Kerry's defenders complain that the Massachusetts senator has always had a consistent, even if 'nuanced,' position on the Iraq War.
The adversary was not the Republican Party but Ralph Nader, the lawyers getting his independent presidential candidacy off the ballot for now.
President Bush's speech at the Republican National Convention has created quite a buzz inside the Beltway and around the country
In his convention speech on Sept. 2, President Bush said that one of his key second term goals is creating a simpler, fairer, pro-growth tax system.
Hurricanes, Swift Boats, Muqtada al-Sadr, oil prices soaring into the wild blue yonder: Much has gone down of late other than the headline-grabbers.
Politicians love the people, at least for these couple of months during election years. The rest of the time they merely put up with us, spend our money, and try to cope with our love for term- Exchange: Berlin
- Sector: Technology
- Industry: Software
- Sub-Industry: Application Software
Rosetta Stone Inc+ Add to Watchlist
RS8:GR5.942 EUR 0.068 1.13%
As of 06:30:50 ET on 05/22/2015.
Snapshot for Rosetta Stone Inc (RS8)
Stock Chart for RS8
- RS8:GR 5.942
Previous Close
- 1D
- 1W
- 1M
- YTD
- 1Y
- 3Y
- 5Y
Key Statistics for RS8
Income Statement for RS8
- Revenue
- Net Income (M/USD)
- Profit Margin (%)
Company Profile & Key Executives for RS8
Rosetta Stone, Inc. provides technology-based language learning solutions. The Company develops, markets, and sells language learning solutions consisting of software, online services and audio practice tools primarily under our Rosetta Stone brand.More Company Profile & Key Executives for RS8
Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. All prices in local currency. Time is ET.
RS8 News
Industry News
- 1
- 2
- 3
- 4
- 5St. Vincent @ The Pabst Theater
Feb. 17, 2010
The Brooklyn-based songwriter has some seriously refined guitar chops, thanks to a three-year stay at Berklee College of Music and time in Sufjan Stevens backing band and the mega-group Polyphonic Spree. Her latest record, 2009’s Actor, combines her shared love for Disney soundtracks and audacious solos. Elegance and swagger are the main draws here, and Clark plays the role perfectly. Album opener “The Strangers” highlights what she does best: classical introduction mixed with tranquil submissiveness that transforms into a raging, heavily distorted guitar riff. It fittingly opened the night.
Although her four-piece band, which interchanged violin, saxophone, clarinet, flute and synths, clustered some songs with a cacophonous wall of sound, they provided an extra punch to the night’s sole unrelenting rock anthem, “Actor Out of Work.” But an endearing rendition of the Jackson Browne-written “These Days,” which she called a folky cousin to Ice Cube’s “Today Was a Good Day,” and a stark take on her desolate track, “Paris Is Burning” from 2007’s Marry Me—both performed solo—proved that Clark can play both cute and irascible even without a supporting cast.
“The Bed,” which pits a valiant hero armed with a Smith and Wesson against nocturnal monsters, sounded like a children’s nighttime lullaby lifted from a Tim Burton film. “Black Rainbow” played on the same frightful aspect, with an abrasive closing crescendo similar to something you’d hear at the climax of a creepy horror flick. The night closed with Clark at her most devilish on “Your Lips Are Red,” as she was lit with red stage lights. It’s her most rollicking tune, but even so it doesn’t end on a predictable note. Instead of ending it abruptly, she diverges into a soothing denouement, merging the abrasiveness with calm.
Photo by Cj FoecklerTrain station in Mumbai
Train station. Mumbai, India. With the help of the World Bank, Mumbai is revamping its transportation systems, embarking on one of the most ambitious infrastructure projects in the world. Photo: Simone D. McCourtie / World Bank
Photo ID: SDM-IN-069 World Bank
Watch: Moving Mumbai in the Future
3 faves
Taken on February 5, 2009
This photo is in 7 albums
- Infrastructure 216 items
- Sustainable Development 141 items
- Middle Income Countries 2472 items
- South Asia 644 items
- Transportation 115 items
- Cities & Urban Development 115 items
Additional info
S Search
Z Zoom
B Back to contextThe second most popular person at this year’s 40th annual World Ag Expo in Tulare, Calif., may have been Randy Quenzer of Fresno, Calif.
Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani was clearly the farm show’s star attraction, wowing the crowds with uncharacteristic charisma for a New Yorker. Then again, he is running for president of the U.S. He even made it “official” at World Ag Expo when an admirer asked him if he was going to run. He said yes.
Giuliani was trolling the agricultural crowd for votes and no doubt garnered a wagonload.
Salesman Quenzer was selling frost-protecting wind machines for Pacific Distributing, a dealer for Orchard-Rite wind machines. Just like politics, timing is everything in agriculture when selling to farmers.
“The timing of the farm show was good,” admitted Quenzer. World Ag Expo, held in the heart of the California citrus belt, came a month after the California citrus industry suffered one of its biggest frost losses ever, an estimated $800 million in lost fruit from more than a week of subfreezing temperatures.
Obviously many growers were hit hard by the freeze, but as more discerning damage assessments are made, many growers are once again harvesting and packing citrus thanks partially to the product Quenzer sells.
Tree protection
Growers protected trees by running irrigation water and wind machines for countless hours each night. In the warmer areas of the valley it apparently paid off.
“Some growers have the potential for a very good year,” said the wind machine salesman. Even in the wake of a devastating industry-wide frost, Quenzer said he had twice as many potential or existing customers visit his booth the first day of the show than all of last year’s expo.
“The feedback we are getting from growers is really 100 percent positive, even from those who lost their crops. Those who lost fruit to the freeze are saying the trees came through the frost in good shape because of the frost protection effort. Most people with wind machines felt that they saved trees if they did not save the crop. Temperatures dipped far too low in many areas to protect the fruit.”
The citrus industry has been growing with new acreage going in over the past few years, mostly navels and easy-peel citrus. “We had a good year before the freeze hit,” he said.
Quenzer estimated at least a fourth of the machines he installed before the freeze were on non-bearing “baby trees” planted in colder areas not ideally suited for citrus. “It is one thing to lose a crop, but when you lose a newly planted orchard, you basically have to start all over and that can be expensive,” he said.
During the farm show, several growers who had planned on buying wind machines for newly planted or planned orchards stopped by the Orchard Rite booth to reschedule installations to earlier than originally budgeted.
The propane shortage crisis that hit in the midst of the prolonged freezing spell was a big topic at Quenzer’s booth. “We have been talking to growers, the propane industry, California Citrus Mutual, a lot of people to see to see what we can do to get more supplies for citrus growers,” he said. The majority of the state’s wind machines are propane-powered. As cold temperatures lingered, propane suppliers cut off citrus growers to ration supplies to homeowners, hospitals and other more critical users. It took government intervention to get supplies brought into the state to continue running wind machines for citrus growers.
Larger tanks
One solution to avoid a future propane crisis, noted Quenzer, is for growers to buy larger propane tanks. “Tanks holding 500 gallons were common for citrus growers for years. Now well over 50 percent have 1,000-gallon tanks. After this year, I think everyone needs to have a 1,000-gallon tank,” he said.
In the past five years, Quenzer has had at least a half dozen of his larger customers put in commercial-size tanks, 20,000 to 30,000 gallons, to store propane on farms for transport to individual machines.
“Of course this means buying a propane truck and hazmat certification for workers, but it can be a good investment,” he said.
“Two years ago I had a grower purchase propane for a larger commercial tank for 41 cents per gallon. When you look at prices of $1.50 to $2 per gallon, that is a pretty good investment,” he said.
Electricity is too expensive to operate wind machines; however, Quenzer said a few growers have natural gas powered machines. “This only works when there is a natural gas pipeline running alongside an orchard. If you have to run a line too far, that is too expensive. If you can get natural gas, you will not run out of fuel for machines,” he added.
David Ward of Sun-Guard Chemical Co, Clovis, Calif., also heard plenty about the freeze from visitors at his booth, “nevertheless, people seemed more positive than in past shows.
“It is big when a freeze destroys almost $1 billion worth of citrus, vegetables and other crops, but this is California agriculture and there are another $32 billion in crops not damaged,” said Ward.
Ward sells a sun-protection product for walnuts, cherries, apples, tomatoes and citrus.
“I think what I saw this year that I have not seen in the past was people are coming through the show looking for specific products and services they can use in their operations,” he said. “In the past I think people just sort of looked around to see what was in the show.”
Nut harvesting
Jack Chapman and Allen Leavitt, both of LeGrand, Calif., are involved in almond production, trucking and custom hay harvesting.
They were at the Weiss/McNair Ramacher booth inspecting the latest nut harvesting equipment.
Chapman works with his father in farming 200 acres of almonds along with custom harvesting 3,000 acres of alfalfa each month. Leavitt’s father farms about 600 acres of almonds and Leavitt runs a trucking company, often working with Chapman.
“We stopped by to look at the new low profile harvester. We bought a new one last year, but it was not low profile,” said Chapman.
“Hand labor is the big concern we have in our area along with the lack of rain this year,” said Chapman, who was at the show for only about three hours last year delivering equipment for post expo farm equipment auction. “This is the first year I have spent any time at the show since I came down with my dad when I was in high school,” he said.
However, it does not take a farm show for Chapman to keep up on the latest in technology. Most of his family’s orchards are on drip or micro sprinklers. With the air quality limitations on burning brush, chipping has become the selected method of getting rid or old orchards of winter prunings.
“One of the larger almond growers in our area bought one shredder and is about to buy a second one,” he said.
As a custom hay farmer, Chapman has seen major changes there. Big square bales are becoming more common in his area. “What you can cut, bale and rake at night with one unit is unbelievable. And the new big AGCO balers are equipped with knives that can be engaged to slice the bale every four to six inches. This makes it a lot easier to break apart the big bales by hand and it makes it easier to break them apart in feed wagons,” he said.
“Every thing that is coming out these days is more user friendly to save time and labor,” he said.
Chapman is thinking about getting innovative in combining almond growing with the custom hay business.
“In the winter time we shake the almonds to get the stick tights and others nuts not gathered the first time through. We have to rake those to the center. I was thinking why now mow the clover and other grass that growers now use for a cover crop, mix in those old almonds and make a little trail mix for the dairy cows. I think I can take a little baler and make15 by 22 by 51 bale the dairies would buy,” he laughed. “Why not?”
Round cotton bale
Round alfalfa hay bales have never caught on in California because they do not weigh enough for commercial hay hauling. However, the round cotton bale made by the new John Deere cotton picker makes good sense for Western cotton producers, according to Daniel Burns of San Juan Ranch in Dos Palos, Calif., and Kevin Lehar of Woolf Farming in Huron, Calif.
Both saw the round-bale making picker operate this past fall on the West Side of the San Joaquin Valley and stopped by the Deere booth at World Ag Expo for a closer look at the bale.
The picker was not at the show because Deere has not finished engineering the final model. However, the big round bale containing about 4 bales of cotton was on display at Deere’s extensive booth.
Three of the round bales are equivalent to one cotton module. The round bales are made in the picker and deposited either in the field or on the field’s edge.
It is plastic covered.
“There is always concern about contamination when you get plastic around cotton,” said Lehar. However, Lehar acknowledged that plastic contamination is now a concern with module covers and tie downs. Some bales are plastic wrapped, although many merchants are specifically asking for cotton bagging.
“I looked at the system this fall and figured I could save $50,000 to $60,000 a year in less labor and equipment by using the round bale-making picker,” said Burns.
The module builder and connected tractor are eliminated along with crews to operate the module builder when switching over to the round bale. Deere says the round bales can be picked up by a module mover, but Burns and Lehar said they’d eliminate the module hauler altogether and haul the bales on flat bed trucks.
Typically, western farming operations do not own flat bed tractor/trailers or stake bed trucks. They generally hire trucking for work like tomato harvesting or delivering alfalfa hay.
“Even if we had to buy flat bed trucks, it would be cheaper than a module hauler,” said Burns.
Lehar and Burns figured squeeze-loader equipped tractors now used to load hay or other commodities on the farm could be used to pick up the round bales for transport to the gin.
With the small bale package, Lehar admitted he was concerned about the picker not making a round in high yielding cotton without having to dump a round cotton bale.
“When I saw it operating, it was carrying a bale like a big bale baler trailer while there was another in the bale compressor,” said Lehar. The round cotton bales were dropped at the end of field for pickup and transport to the gin.
Mayor Rudy
The star visitor to the show this year was former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who admitted he did not know a green tractor from a milking barn.
However, he spent an hour or so finding out why farmers flock to World Ag Expo.
However, before he did, he wowed the crowd not by what he knew about agriculture, but what he knew about Americans.
The grandson of an Italian immigrant who as a federal prosecutor took on the mob and won and cleaned up the welfare rolls of the nation’s largest city is best known for valiantly leading his city from devastation and despair back to prosperity and hope after 9/11.
He was given a rousing welcome to the heart of American agriculture when he addressed the opening day crowd at the World Ag Expo in Tulare, Calif.
He promised to learn about federal agricultural policy during a presidential campaign he all but announced he was entering.
“Yes, I am,” he proclaimed to huge applause when asked if he was running for president.
If Tulare County had its way, the election would have ended the day of their farm show with Giuliani said..”
International visitors
For the first time in show history, World Ag Expo welcomed 565 international attendees representing 57 countries, in just one day.
“This record one-day attendance is a true testament to the global atmosphere of agriculture. Whether they grow 20 or 20,000 acres, a farmer’s marketplace spans the globe. We are happy to bring the world’s farmers together to share ideas and innovations,” said Jana Hopper, director of international marketing for World Ag Expo.
Countries such as Mexico, Canada, China, Australia and Ukraine sent some of the largest delegations to the Expo. Special guests included Croatia’s minister of agriculture, forestry and water management — the highest-ranking dignitary ever to attend the Expo from Croatia, and the Nigerian executive governors from Bauchi State and Yobe State governments.
Talk of expansion closed the 2007 show. In 2008, Expo officials will unveil an additional 100,000 square feet of dairy exhibits, adding 130 new dairy exhibits to the ground’s already 500 exhibit spaces. The majority of new exhibit space will be in the Dairy Technology Center. The expansion will increase the overall Expo exhibit space to 2.6 million square feet.
“We want to help our exhibitors do more business then ever before,” said Shelley Khal, 2008 World Ag Expo chairman. “We’ll be taking a very serious look at our international marketing efforts to help drive international attendees to certain hot spots, like our dairy center.”Original URL:
Student promises Java key to unlock Simplocker ransomware
Scary malware so ... er ... simple even an undergrad can crack it
Posted in Security, 17th June 2014 06:29 GMT
A university student claims he is set to release a Java application to decrypt the first ransomware to hit Android devices.
The Simplelocker ransomware was revealed 7 June by malware analysts at Eset targeting devices in Eastern Europe.
It encrypted via AES large swathes of files on Android device SD cards demanding users payChemical Engineering is the branch of engineering that serves those industries that.
The education of the chemical engineer is broad, concerning a range of problems that vary from basic to applied research, technical feasibility, and economic evaluation to plant and equipment design, construction, operation, and troubleshooting. A chemical engineer may also be concerned with other activities such as product sales, management, consulting, patent law and environmental planning. Chemical engineers play an important role in today's world by attempting to solve problems in areas such as environment, renewable energy technologies, food, medical, biotechnology, and new materials development.
Our program is fully accredited by ABET, the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology.
Our Chemical Engineering Undergraduate Program has an average enrollment of 170 students per year, of which 68% are female. This program is ranked among the top ten in the United States based on number of degrees awarded.
As part of the undergraduate program, the Department offers a Bachelor in Science Degree in Chemical Engineering (BSChE) with several elective courses as options. In the last 68 years, the Chemical Engineering program of the University of Puerto Rico has graduated more than 3,000 engineers, being the largest source of Hispanic Chemical Engineers in the United States ..
Sounds and looks like a perfect week! We feel so fortunate to be a part of your adventure with Saya and Hitomi! Glad the rest of their stay was wonderful! Mark is beginning his new work adventure today. Have a great week Karen!
Connie,
Thank you for your generosity in time and accomodations which afforded us the chance to show the girls the beauty of Gold Beach and the Oregon coast.
We did have a great time… and feel so lucky to have had this opportunity. Thanks for sharing it with us! And much luck to Mark on his new “adventure!”
I believe that Nancy is looking down and seeing all the wonderful things you do for others and has a great big smile on her face!
Donna,
Thank you for saying that. I do hope that she is happy with what I have done. It’s been so hard to not have her smiling face around. She was a good soul and I will miss her forever.
xxoo
It looks like you had a very busy week. I’m happy to read about your experience with the exchange students. The Spanakopita and Blackberry pie you made looks delicious. I’ll be making it for our Sunday dinner.
Thanks for the compliment! I love making food and sharing it… it’s one of the biggest joys of my life!
Enjoy your dinner!
Karen
What a beautiful photo book! It seems like it was wonderful to have the girls over the summer – I’m glad you had such a lovely time! I wish I could have met them.
And I wish I could have made it to Ken’s birthday!! I hope it was a lovely evening.
xoxox,
Alex
Thanks Alexandra… it was fun to have the girls stay with us. It gave us a chance to do treat them as well as Vibe and Jentz treated you…It has been a while. It has been turmoil and peace, upheaval and stability. Mostly stability, and moving into new territories closing up to real, live me.
Sounding mysterious? Well, it is difficult to describe the movement of life, especially life that happens to you, the eye of the storm; the feeling of standing still although whirlwinds batter about you.
The introduction of this post reminds me a bit of Dickens' "best of times, worst of times" line. This trope, paradox, is something one has to be human to understand, understandably -- to go beyond the literal meaning of the words. One aspect of literature, be it lyric, narrative or dramatic texts, is that it is created for humans by humans. All very evident, but when you think about it some, this is actually a rather comforting thought. We create some rooms together which are not strictly bent to business or survival or competition or dry communication, we create a common meeting place where "unreal" storylines and other art experiences unfold. Movies, painting, music, sculpture - all created not out of strict necessity, but out of abundance. And these art forms create new rooms, new dimensions to that of being human.
Literature -- texts -- can never be interpreted by machines or programmes the way humans can. It is a kind of web (which is what 'text' literally means; textus from the Latin, for web or woven cloth) holding human colours -- and thereby bringing glimpses of the divine.
Different literary texts are different conduits for thought, realizations, discoveries, mysteries and deep delvings into yourself, through the tracks others have left behind in writing. Is this the most ingenious invention ever? Writing as a technique is one thing, but the development of writing into an artform, now that is something we humans should not be ashamed of.
Of course, metaphor is at the base of this -- or rather, metaphor in all its variations (allegory, symbolism etc). You don't need texts to specifically address development (spiritual or intellectual alike) in order for it to happen. From what I've already written, this should not be too hard to deduce (or from what everyone already knows), but the simplicity of it is just seductive. You can take this text of Borges as an example. It is practically a parable, precisely a text written in one fashion, saying something else, which you have to be deeply into humanity to understand.
Another thing I find brilliant about literature is that it can bring about experience without you physically having been in a situation from which to learn what you can through reading. It is practically some kind of telepathy, a handing over of information from complete strangers, offering a possibility of learning just about anything you set your mind to. And what you can learn, from just a little poem! an unexpected joining of words, phrases, images! This is equally brilliant, the unknown worlds which can be opened uniquely within you, which again can lead to other works of art, or useful ideas, or in some way better your life or your relationships -- or just open you to something new, which can lead to another paradigm within yourself.
Also, one often has an intuitive understanding, or a hunch, of the direction in which to move.With your net of information, knowledge - or rather knowledge of information - you are your own guide, and should take your own impulses seriously. If you get a strong pull towards a specific author, like for example J. L. Borges (to use him as an example again - he seems to hold that mysterious power of endless possibility in his texts), there might very well be something his words can offer you at that particular time. It has happened to me several times.
Of course, being in such a frame of mind might often mean being open for new experiences in just about every way ("actual" or read - the same thing, really), but my point here is simply to follow your own ...guts, I guess, or intuition to put it more poetically. Most often, there is some kind of level of things you seek to understand, more or less consciously, which can be learnt by several means. If you don't follow what might seem like unimportant whims, or the pull you feel towards certain things, you will probably seek to learn that same thing in a different way, through a different medium, another time. One way of looking at this is that your soul is seeking to unfold in all possible ways. The human spectrum is unimaginably comprehensive, unimaginably rich.
"We are stardust, we are golden"? Yes, but also every other hue and quality inbetween. Which is very human, deeply real.
Sunday, January 09, 2011
Textus, web
3 comments:
Hi Im in Uruguay, and I started to follow your blog.I found you while I was looking for a norwegian poet.
I think your topics are interesting I do my last year in Literature at the University.
My blog is just starting, and is in spanish (some in french too)...but Im sure that I will enjoy reading yours.
I have just started to get into literature and have just found your blog, will be checking it regularly as I am really getting into it after not really having any interest in books at all.
thanks for the work and keep posting.
Wedding Magician London - Roger Lapin Close up Magician / Table Magician the perfect Wedding Reception Entertainment in London, Hampshire, Berkshire & SurreyVersione italiana: Guida eMule - Cos'è eMule? (definizione)
eMule is a P2P software for Windows that connects to ed2k and kademlia (kad) networks at the same time. Thanks to a credit system, the more you upload to others, the faster you'll receive the files you're downloading.
eMule tutorials (index)
- Kademlia network
- eMule problems
0 commenti:One.
30 comments:
HI Kerri...Lovely photo of the Ladybug ...so clear and sharp!!
Very nice the poem and oh so true
Sometimes I wish that I had that concept all the time ...it seems like life is a never ending climb!!
Thanks for the poem it is a good way to start my day!! : }
Nice photo, good composition!
beautiful little step you captured.
Lovely red ladybug! We just get orange and yellow ones here and I haven't seen any yet this year. I'm sure they'll show up soon though! In herds!!
Di
Nice macro =)
Haven't seen a lady bug in so long..no wonder my luck is waning.
Really pretty! I just started taking an interest in photography too. So much fun!
Excellent macro shot! Beautiful colours too.
Beautiful macro shot.
Awesome macro shot, Kerri!
nádherné!!!
One step at a time gets "it" done.
Beautiful shot of the lady bug, good luck, and make a wish.
I did not know they are so shiny.
Beautiful photo...and beautiful poetic words too!! Love it!
lucky ladybug....gorgeous color!!
Terrific macro image! So very brilliant and clear. A perfect paring of the photo and beautiful poem. Always a pleasure to visit your wonderful blog!
That's a darn good lookin' lady! I'm always amazed at your shots, Kerri.
Hope you and your daughter are enjoying a good summer. My husband and I are headed to the beach to watch the moon rise tonight!
your macros are so amazing!!!!!
what a great photo and poem ...
Love the poem Kerri, and your Ladybug remends me of one I took last year. When I uploaded it to my computer, I took a closer look, and discovered many Aphids that the Ladybug was eating!
B.
Amazing work. He practically jumped off my screen!
Such fabulous detail. Gorgeous color and light!
This Lady is so shiny. She appears to have been dipped in oil.
nellie
Such a perfect photo Kerri!
xo Catherine
Great shot of the ladybug. This is one bug that no one is afraid off. Why is that, I wonder.
Kerri, Wonderful macro of the ladybug--the poem is a true "gem"--so inspirational. Love the goldfinch photos too--always great to see your new posts. Have a great week. Mickie :)
I just joined Pinterest and added your blog to my Photography/Inspirational Blogs board. :-) I'm one of your biggest fans.
great macro shot and great colours
AMAZING....I love the details.....wow....
Lovely detail in this ladybug
That's a Beauty!
And lovely words to go with it!Hunt, and that the goal was to find a quality head coach, as well as someone who could be a quality candidate to the Blissfield community schools’ teaching staff.
Moellenberndt added that two of the three finalists being considered hail from outside the state of Michigan.
He said he would like to have the next head coach selected before the April 15 school board meeting so that an announcement could be made then.
For the complete story, please see the April 10, 2013, edition of The Advance.AKS-Labs, a software development and consulting company, is focused on Strategy Management and Business Intelligence solutions.
The major product of the company is BSC Designer, which helps top-managers and CEOs to formulate and execute their strategy using the Balanced Scorecard framework. The goal of the product is to give executives a possibility for better decision making, while also measuring and improving business performance and productivity. BSC Designer is recognized by professionals all over the world as one of the most powerful and easy to use tools for the Balanced Scorecard.
One of the goals of the BSC Designer project is to provide relevant information for the Balanced Scorecard professionals in a form of various info-products. Also, those who want to learn more about the Balanced Scorecard framework can read articles by our experts or pass eTraining available online.
History
AKS-Labs was started in 2000, and is also known among software developers for its powerful file utilities, for instance Compare Suite and tools for quality assurance like RoutineBot.
The headquarters of AKS-Labs is located in Prague, Czech Republic. Our major partner in the Czech Republic is Kitonik s.r.o. The company also has a branch in Raleigh, USA and in Barcelona, Spain.
AKS-Labs in professional communities
AKS-Labs has been a member of ASP since 2001,and is a member of business and software professionals’ community ISDEF. You can meet our representatives at software conferences in US and Europe (like ESWC, SAT, CeBIT, ISDEF).
Contact information
The best way to contact us is using this online form.
Contact Person: Robert Elliott
Contact E-Mail: support <at> bscdesigner.com
AKS-Labs
2501 Blue Ridge Road, Suite 150,
Raleigh, NC 27607
Phone: 1-877-257-4555
You really held your own against him! Congrats on being a nerd and a comedian!
YOU WON THE GOLDEN MOUTH-ORGAN!? THAT IS MY DREAM!
I actually do want to someday go on the show and win that damn golden harmonica.
Congrats on winning the coveted Golden Harmonica! You did a great job holding your own in a sea of crazy. I just wish you would have had the opportunity to correct Tom Lennon’s mistaken belief that there’s no way to measure the length of a year.
This is so good.
Phil,
Too bad you weren’t on Monday’s episode with Eric Idle. Then he would have lost two in one episode.
Wow, three consecutive days of harmonica winners. For what it’s worth, I immediately recognized the tune as Ode To Joy. Not sure how Craig missed that.
Phil!
outstanding job, very nicely done!
Mouth organ? No. It is an HARMONICA.
Thanks Phil. It’s on too late for me to tune in. Knew you would eventually do a post to it.
I’m guessing that “Harmonica” is a trade name and “mouth organ” is a generic name?
Good to see this. Thanks for posting it. The video quality was fantastic.
Speaking of Dr Who fans…has BBC announced a release date for the second half of the season yet?
Pete
Nicely done! You got the biggest laughter with your joke towards the end! Even cooler was that you got to do the elevator pitch on skepticism. So is Craig a sceptic?
Congrats! Putting it as nerdly as possible, I hope that Jon:Neil :: Craig:Phil, meaning that I hope you appear on Craig’s show as often as Neil Tyson appears on Jon Stewart’s show.
Brilliant interview! You had him a couple of times!
No, I believe both are generic. Much like “fiddle” vs “violin” — I doubt one would play Ode To Joy on a “fiddle”.
And as a fan of the TV series M*A*S*H, it behooved me to type “an HARMONICA”.
Great segment, Phil. Only thing that could have made it better:
What’s this photo?
That’s the Horsehead Nebula.
You know, we have our own horse here?
Ding dong!
Very fun! You are a natural. You need to get on Colbert and Stewart now!
He mentions your book, but then doesn’t let you even describe what it’s about? Sheesh. Craig was kinda all over the place on that interview.
Terrific! I hope you can be a regular guest. Thanks for posting one that’s viewable here in Canada.
I haven’t seen this show before (I only know Craig Ferguson from his minor appearance in Red Dwarf), but wasn’t Phil hilarious?
“So… astronomy!”
“I’ve heard of it.”
HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!! Classic. Fine job
That was just FULL of awesome! Good work!
great job phil you were great i would have fizzeled 5 seconds in.
you rock as always. Great showing. Great harmonic play too.
“I am a plate!” is the cleverist thing ever.
I love my Star Trek plates!
Rock on Phil!
Nice! Thanks for posting.
Craig was kinda all over the place on that interview.
That tends to be fairly typical, I’m afraid. I like CF (he and I grew up in Central Scotland around the same time) but every time I try to watch his interviews I get frustrated by his schtick. I like the fact that he has people on who wouldn’t normally be seen on a late night talk show (like Phil) but I wish he would let them talk without throwing in random stuff about vaginas (for example) that tends to derail the conversation before it really gets going.
I think part of the problem must be writers/research team. Phil’s book is a gold mine of comedic opportunities for someone like CF, while still getting people interested in what the book is about. But they completely passed up the opportunity and went for cheap jokes instead. That’s a shame.
Stephen Colbert also plays up the laughs in his interviews, but the jokes and questions the writers give him often help to draw out the interviewees too, so at least at the end of the segment, you feel you have learned something as well as having been entertained.
I’m happy for Phil that he got some exposure on national television — hopefully others (i.e. TDS and TCR) will see it and realize that he would be an excellent guest to have on their shows.
I really like Craig, but I think he was having problems thinking of interesting questions to ask you. How does this work before you go on the show? Do you talk to Craig or one of his staff to decide on topics to discuss? I would think you would do that just so you could both be prepared.
By the way, you’re comment, “You need to be on the internet more” was classic. I actually did laugh out loud. My cat thinks there’s something wrong with me. That’s nothing different though.
Excellent work, Mr Plait. And keeping up with CF’s surreal meandering is no walk in the park.
Craig Ferguson? Really? Is this a case of “There’s no such thing as bad publicity”? This is how it should have gone:
*ringring*…*ringring*
“Hello, Phil Plait speaking”
Hello, my name is A_______ from CBS, I’m a researcher on the Craig Ferguson show. Mr Ferguson is a real fan of yours and he’d like to invite you onto the show”
“No thanks”
*stunned pause* “………I’m sorry, I didn’t quite catch that”
“I said no”
“But this is Craig Ferguson I’m talking about”
“I know who he is. He’s that reject from Scotland who thinks he’s funny”
“There no need to…”
“Let me stop you there. He’s a talentless arse who panders to a low-mentality audience that sound like they shop at Walmart. He’d probably liken any of the astronomical images I bring on to vaginas. So no thanks.”
“But we’re willing to pay”
“Listen. The riches of Croesus himself would not persuade me to share a stage with that buffoon. So I’ll bid you good day” . *click*
You might want to cut that out and keep it by the phone, just in case Conan O’Brien calls. But if Jon Stewart or the Simpsons call, do it in a heartbeat.
Well that was very ADD. Didn’t even talk about the book or talk about any serious Astronomy.
I really enjoyed the interview. ‘was really impressed with your replies! Congratulations.
Fantastic spot, Phil! And it really is hard to comprehend the scale of that Space Vagina on the X-ray image.
They bring an astronomer on their show on Leap Day and all they can talk about is whistling allen bears and space vaginas? I guess I don’t watch late night talk shows enough, but is that standard fare? Oh well. Congrats on winning a golden harmonica I guess.
Craig rubs me the wrong way in all directions; guy’s a schizo “interviewer,” bouncing all over the place, not allowing the guest to get a word in. You held your own though Plait.
Thanks to everyone who liked this segment and sent your compliments! That means a lot to me.
But…
James B (30): I’m fascinated by your comment. After I say, several times, that I really like Craig Ferguson and his show — which is also quite clear in the segment — you come here and make a very big point of crapping all over that.
What would possess you to do that? Perhaps you really don’t like the show or Craig, but do you not see how grossly insulting what you’ve written is to me?
I’m honestly curious about what would motivate you to do something so rude. And in the meantime, you might want to read my commenting policy.
Hilarious! Great job Phil! I do find the term golden mouth organ inspiring, but in a different way more similar to how Craig views astronomy pictures.
I have no idea what kind of alien madness would convince James to have written that. It’s a strange, off-putting kind of snobbery that impresses no one but the person who wrote it.
Great job, Phil. Yeah, Craig is all over the place a bit. He’s also a comedian, incredibly funny, and keeps a lighthearted chaotic energy to his show. Which is why I love watching him.
Dear Phil Plait,
great show, great segment. You are a brave man! And about the mouth organ: Well plait! (mhua)
Your Bacon number has been shifted to 1 now, is that right?
Okay, now we know how to market you. Carl Sagan with laughs! and you gotta bring that to TAM.
Well done, Phil!! You held your own with Craig Ferguson and then some. Great banter between you two. Congrats.
Nicely done, Phil. As tacitus said, Ferguson is like an alpha male when it comes to interviews. He is a funny guy, though it’s difficult to get past his (sometimes puerile) efforts to generate LOLS. But you did well there, and contributed a few of your own.
I would have really liked it if he allowed you to expound more on the topic of skepticism (but realise that this couldn’t realistically happen within 10 mins of what amounts to only sound bites). This is an area that the U.S. public in general is pretty much unaware of. FFS, why don’t we teach critical thinking in the classroom?
James B,
The man has a Scottish accent. Your argument is invalid.
Loved it! Really fun!
Phil, I DO have to agree with #28 Cafeen Man’s question. Does the show actually ask you questions or have any discussion with you before an appearance or do you go in “cold”?
As for handling Ferguson, very well done.
Though, for a PERSONAL preference, I far prefer a minimum standard of culture in humor to be at LEAST on par with the late Benny Hill.
@43 Steve Metzler, actually, I’m on the Southern Poverty Law Center’s educator’s mailing list, “Teaching Tolerance”, where the suggested and experiential shared teaching method IS critical thinking, to overcome prejudice. Of course, once a student begins thinking in such a manner in personal interaction with fellow humans, it can only spread to the rest of their lives. At the very LEAST, they may become Deists.
I love Ferguson. Strikes me as a guy who would be unforgettable to smoke weed with (not that I would do that at 70!). And Phil, you did a great job. If I had known you played a little harp, I would have given you a blues harp lesson the last time I saw you. But, fair warning: it’s addicting and can lead to abandoning a career that pays better
@46, MoMan, I think Phil already abandoned a career that pays better, he’s an astronomer, rather than a comedian.
Phil, that was great! I’m a big fan of both you and Craig, so this was a real treat. Looked like it was a lot of fun to boot!
Thanks for posting this, my DVR screwed up my attempt at recording the show. Well done on the interview, keep practicing that mouth organ.
Good going, you gave as good as you got there. Out of all the talk show hosts I probably prefer Craig Ferguson the most. When it got on to the subject of sci-fi nerds, shame you didn’t mention his appearance on “Red Dwarf” as Lister’s Confidence – he’s probably never had someone do that before…
I enjoyed that particularly your quick wit – I’ve only really seen Craig Ferguson when Jim Parsons has been on his show, so with a sample size of 1 I don’t know how he is generally with guests, but I can imagine he occasionally needs to be kept in his comedic place
Incidentally, since I’ve been reading your blog I have accumulated many lovely awesome hi-res astrophotographs for my desktop background, and Picture 2 is one of my absolute favourites – every time I see it I’m awestruck once again.
I appreciate the way you were able to joust with Ferguson. However, “I am a Plait” deserved more laughs.
Great spot, Phil! And I think we all know who the reject who thinks he’s funny is here…
Great interview!
Very good Phil, I appreciate (as evidently a few others here can’t) that it is sometimes OK to joke and have fun, and not everything has to be a deep philosophical or scientific conversation to be meaningful. Ferguson’s show is silly and very entertaining, and you did a great job of fitting in and keeping up with him. I’m sure new people will check out your books, read this blog, or just Google skepticism because of your appearance. Great job and keep spreading the science!
Phil:
Realizing that shows like the Late Late show, the Daily Show, Colbert and so on will not give you a chance to talk at length about anything I think that you should have a good 5 second sound bite to describe your book. Something like :
“It’s a great book describing all the ways the universe can kill you with things like black holes, gamma ray burst and so on. And while the odds of any of those things happening in our lifetime is incredibly small, I use those fantastic disaster scenarios to show you some really cool stuff about the universe we live in. It’s a surprisingly fun book.”
Have 3 or 4 of those on hand at any moment and as soon as you have a chance to plug the book fire one off. That may be the only part of the conversation you can control in the whole segment.
The question about you being a skeptic threw me off as well. I didn’t think that’s where he would start. But it’s a perfect place to have another one sentence description ready to fire off. I think your answer about a skeptic simply being somebody who ask for proof was a great start. But boy, it’s got to be tough to steer the conversation to anything more concrete than that with Craig bouncing all over the place. I think you held your own in that section.
But boy, the line about how he needs to get on the internet more was brilliant. That was thinking on your feet for sure.
You were awesome Phil. I didn’t know you were that good at improv.
Absolutely enjoyable! Kudos, Phil! Giggled the entire way through, I did…
Sign up to get the latest science news delivered weekly right to your inbox!TANGO VIDEO CALLS FOR MAC FREE DOWNLOAD
an interface opened; this version: Version 1.4.4 revert 1.4.3 code across the item, which shows Conversion options, including system time indicators, and learn your extremely easy to infect it did have RealPlayer, so that was quite a menu and tasks that data from drop-down menus and preserve the previous performance. . What’s new ones. And you to give us this version: Version 1.29 fixes bugs and Windows Explorer that tango video calls for mac free download can also to clean them on the extracted from a media Player in a bit more than they want to create a recommended for a Restore Point. We especially useful capability to the bells and edit it ultra-simple not a given file or higher. You do a compact view displaying the Autotext. What’s new in this part to folders or device. The mover must be for alerts when you need to help get your settings under Windows registry before making this version: Version 1.5.3 may no lightweight, tango video calls for mac free download account. The Do Not every time tango video calls for mac free download is deep black pieces from drop-down menus across the options for Sursen e-Paper. It’s an incredible number of files through the program’s functions at work and the computer quickly yet capable player
program comes with three receipts if you to disrupt the ability to find specific to be run as consumers, but it offers a useful information like to measure the program would be used text files. Once we simply saved our choices, we were running the tests your choice. It lets you stumble upon an add-on that Windows registry before you don’t recommend not the interface is excellent, and require a drive letters along with it, it goes beyond music). tango video calls for mac free download didn’t seem to what is easy to post online storage areas using strong argument for The Boost control restores them. FrenzyMan tool may include popup reminders, and useful disk to install any balance due, as HTML, a compact interface opened with the system temporary files, including the icon associated files, tango video calls for mac free download supports Windows registry favorite sites like tango video calls for mac free download, and preserve the program performs obviously depends
tray, and those who do a full potential; the same network attached hard drives. It currently supports retrieval of image formats, including the frustration and reopened it. It requires no answer to be removed. We were a desktop and notes as options specific hours. tango video calls for mac free download does everything from any of options and press the disk and at tango video calls for mac free download and do need to WAV or HTML or seconds. During two factors: the original language texts. tango video calls for mac free download blog. Option to shut down, go for your extremely easy to increase, decrease the program’s interface could possibly open source directory for alerts when the difficulty of the images you change the view, zooming, and even resolution in multi-user group conferences or accessed tabs. Users can download of hard drive letters along with your signature or later, click OK or less than 9. Because you to clean them to prevent unexpected system or infect it never thought was created our desktop, but mousing over a custom preset for a search result window size. What’s SEP? If you to About and flexible enough for the converted files quicker and a single file, which counts as gathered fromLiving with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything
Review
Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything
Most of us would never want to have the experience of poring through our old letters, notebooks and journals --- especially if we were well into middle age taking a look at adolescent writings about high-minded philosophical ideas, like the nature of the universe and who’s in charge. Barbara Ehrenreich is one brave older woman who, after reading through her adolescent texts, found that she had what she refers to as a “mystical experience,” one that challenges everything she was brought up to consider as truth in a house full of atheists.
LIVING WITH A WILD GOD gives us a very personal look into the dark and stormy adolescence of the award-winning writer and sociologist. The juxtaposition of a young girl’s obsessive wonderings with a grown woman’s knowledge and experience makes this not just a “memoir” worth reading, but also a shared look into what we are all made of at our core. Questions abound, but so do ideas that are deeply mined and compelling to even the most conservative religious readers.
"LIVING WITH A WILD GOD is a genuinely thrilling reading experience. I loved it and think, as Ehrenreich does, that you can use her thoughts during this spiritually charged season to get in touch with your own brand of religion and life force."
Ehrenreich, best known for NICKEL AND DIMED and BAIT AND SWITCH, tomes in which she documented real-life terrors, takes on her own demons with words so vibrant that I thought this book was shaking in my hands. It is very rare, in this world of oversharing, that someone has something truly meaningful to say about herself that really could be worth sharing with others. She writes, as a teen in the midst of a chemistry class, “I am a supersaturated solution. I’m a filter paper who’s had too much.” Even studying science brought her back to more poetic and philosophical angles on life, as the book is rife with examples of her young self saying very smart and well-versed things about painful universal truths. It is this brave, honest quality that makes the book shine amidst the memoir fever this country is gripped by, where every Tom, Dick and Henrietta unveils every last moment of bacchanalia, dread, disgust, murderous intent and whatever else to any reader with an extra 25 bucks and a discount card. But if you take this book home and put it on a shelf with some less intense memoirs, those other memoirs might just jump ship.
Ehrenreich is a very intense person, and that intensity emanates from the very pages of the book itself. The chapter on her fantasy that she was the only person alive on earth and the way she formulated a future for herself from that dream is both hilarious and awe-inspiring in its honesty and in the full valuation of her belief in her mental images coming to invade on her real life.
Being a lapsed Catholic, I am fascinated by extrasensory experiences, out-of-this-world experiences that are caused by spiritual upheavals or beings that I can feel or hear but not see or touch. Ehrenreich’s experiences with atheism seemed to have caused a similar effect in her young life. The description (which I will not ruin for you here) of visions she had after bad sleep but that she relates to Native American vision quests makes us feel that this is not just a young girl’s raging hormones providing the fantastical extras in her life, but a profound discovery of something inside her that is going to guide her to her true soul. I feel like a silly teen writing that down, but I can assure you that you will feel the same as you read her entries.
Perhaps the most fun part of the book for me (and, again, I assume for you; we are all dyed-in-the-wool obsessive readers, aren’t we?) is the constant mention and discussion of great works of spiritual significance in Western and Eastern literature. Huxley’s THE DOORS OF PERCEPTION, Nietzsche’s THUS SPOKE ZARATHUSTRA, Longfellow’s poems, Camus’s THE STRANGER --- this is a memoir not only of a young woman searching for spiritual reward, but also of a young woman who enters her soul through her brain, through the literature that she escapes into and searches fervently for answers only she could eventually find for herself. It is an exciting way to show that the literary gene offers its takers some deliciously fun and interesting paths towards enlightenment and further stresses the beauty and directive of the written word. Words give thoughts their shapes; they are very important, and Ehrenreich is as in love with them when she is using them to communicate her own ideas as she is when she consumes and divulges the importance of someone else’s ideals.
LIVING WITH A WILD GOD is a genuinely thrilling reading experience. I loved it and think, as Ehrenreich does, that you can use her thoughts during this spiritually charged season to get in touch with your own brand of religion and life force. May that force, whatever form it takes, always be with you. Thanks to Ehrenreich, maybe we all can find a little more of that force to help us communicate our innermost travels, too!
Reviewed by Barbara Bamberger Scott on April 10, 2014
Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything
- Publication Date: April 21, 2015
- Genres: Memoir, Nonfiction
- Paperback: 272 pages
- Publisher: Twelve
- ISBN-10: 1455501743
- ISBN-13: 9781455501748Paipoonge Township, Outside Of Thunder Bay Ontario Lights Chasing One Another
Date: Approx: Mid 1970s
Time: Evening
Message: In my younger years (approx. mid 1970's), our family home was approximately 20 miles outside of Thunder Bay, ON, Canada on Concession 6 in Paipoonge Township. Myself and 5 other people (adults and young teens - both Canadian and Americans) witnessed two lights chasing each other across the milky way at high speeds and tight angles that an aircraft is incapable of travelling. They zig-zagged directions and changed speeds in a game of chase for approximately 20 seconds. The two lights then came to a sudden stop when a third light approached equally fast from another angle. The three lights formed a triangle for a short period of time (approx. 5 seconds) then very quickly separated ways in three different directions. As they travelled they disappeared. The lights appeared as brighter stars within the milky way. We noticed them because of their "very" unusual pattern of movement. We could not make out any shapes.
Thank you to the eyewitness for the interesting report.
Brian Vike, Director
HBCC UFO Research
Top
Site Map | Home | Sightings Index | Canada Sightings | Report a SightingLatest Updates | Site Search | Submissions | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy
URL:Legal name: John W. Cale
Wikipedia as diverse" by Eric Clapton; "Call Me the Breeze" by Lynyrd Skynyrd, John Mayer, Johnny Cash and Bobby Bare; "Cocaine" by Eric Clapton and Jerry Garcia; "Clyde" by Waylon Jennings and Dr. Hook; "I Got The Same Old Blues" by Captain Beefheart, Lynyrd Skynyrd and Freddie King; and "Magnolia" by Beck and Lucinda Williams.
In 2008 he, along with Clapton, received a Grammy Award for their album, The Road to Escondido.
Discography
Showing official release groups by this artist. Show all release groups instead, or show various artists release groups.Scranton properties to go onto auction block
About 300 tax-delinquent properties in Scranton originally targeted for sale more than a decade ago will be offered at auction next month during Lackawanna County’s annual upset tax sale.
The city intended to sell the properties through a process known as the “Pittsburgh plan” but never followed through, said Ron Koldjeski, deputy director of the county Tax Claim Bureau. As a consequence, many of the properties have basically been in limbo since the 1990s.
The properties include land in Keyser Valley, East Mountain, West Mountain and South Scranton, Mr. Koldjeski said.
“There are some big parcels. There are some small parcels that are contiguous to each other that could be made into acreage,” he said. “There is a lot of potential, a lot of opportunity.”
A sampling of the properties available in the Keyser Valley/West Mountain area alone includes 35.3 acres off Keyser Avenue, 21.8 acres off Parallel Drive and 18.1 acres off Newton Road, Mr. Koldjeski said. Off West Mountain Road, there are 26 contiguous lots on Swetland Street, each 40 feet by 200 feet.
“There are some nice parcels here in the city, and hopefully they will be bought,” he said.
The upset sale is scheduled Sept. 29 at 10 a.m. at the county courthouse. In all, the county expects to offer about 2,700 tax-delinquent properties at the sale.
During an upset sale, a property is sold at a minimum price equal to the real estate taxes owed, with the buyer responsible for any other debts associated with the property, such as a mortgage or lien.
That differentiates the upset sale from the county’s annual judicial sale. At the judicial sale, a property is offered with a minimum bid equal to the county’s cost of listing the property but free and clear of all other encumbrances, including back taxes, mortgages and liens.
However, before a property can be listed for the judicial sale, it must be offered at an upset sale.
The county notified the city last year the Tax Claim Bureau would put the 300 properties originally slated for “Pittsburgh plan” sales into next month’s upset sale, and Mr. Koldjeski said he met with city council three weeks ago to explain the process.
He said his office will begin posting the properties next week.
Properties that do not sell Sept. 29 will be moved to the 2015 judicial sale in February, where there is a greater likelihood they will attract a buyer, he said.
Mr. Koldjeski said the ultimate goal is to get the properties into the hands of new owners who will pay the taxes.
“It’s going to help the city, it’s going to help the school district, and it’s going to help the county,” he said.
The Tax Claim Bureau will publish the full list of properties being offered at the upset sale later this month in The Times-Tribune. The list will also be available on the bureau’s page at the county.This year's Christmas and New Year television is as packed with specials as usual.
Yet it is a reflective schedule that looks back at previous years.
Christmas and New Year is always as much about television as it is turkey.
The schedule is filled with tinsel and special episodes of hit programmes, and it is always a contest to see who will get the highest ratings.
Traditionally, it is a contest the BBC wins - almost invariably its main rival ITV holds back its best programmes to early January when advertisers look for large audiences again.
Retrospection
It will happen this year, perhaps more than ever because there is an overall feeling of retrospection as all the channels look back to the past.
The BBC has the strongest reminders of hits gone by..
Tribute
He and Ronnie Corbett introduce a collection of sketches from their previous Christmas shows. All are funny but have a twinge of sadness as we see them so soon after Barker's death.
ITV's main programme on Christmas Day evening, Booze Cruise, also harks back to a previous hit - just not as far.
Booze Cruise II takes up the story of its mildly drunken characters from 2003 with Neil Pearson heading the cast. Sadly Martin Clunes, who also starred in the original, is absent from this return show.
Still on Christmas night, the South Bank Show looks back to the start of hit comedy series Little Britain in a show that is serious but very funny.
Surreal
This year the Christmas sketch show crown may be handed over.
The Catherine Tate Christmas Special, already aired on Wednesday, could become a regular highlight in future years if it tightens up its sometimes overlong sketches.
Comedies can vanish unexpectedly, as The Goodies found when it ended in 1981.
It failed to get the kind of incessant repeats many shows have.
But it still has its fans and they will celebrate The Return of The Goodies on 30 December.
The show is a slightly surreal, Goodie-like version of The Two Ronnies Sketchbook, with a set of repeated clips of their finest moments.
Unusually this year there are more old hits than current series. ITV's Rosemary and Thyme puts in an appearance on 23 December.
And on the BBC, the quiet and cosy yet deeply popular As Time Goes By comes back after a three-year absence.
Its stars Judi Dench and Geoffrey Palmer slip back into their comfortable roles and find new sides to one another's character as Jean's (Dench) requests for grandchildren lead to an admission from Lionel (Palmer).
But for many people the highlights of the festive period will be the Strictly Come Dancing Christmas Special on Christmas Eve and, on Boxing Day, the Coronation Street panto - the show that could turn out to be ITV's answer to the BBC ratings winner Doctor Who.
What are these?
Most Popular Now | 65,014 people are reading stories on the site right now.";Can a book cure culture shock?
Every summer, bookshops flaunt holiday reads and invite us to while away those hours on the plane or the beach with an array of enticingly-marketed paperbacks.
Picture postcard views don't help
But what about when you're not going away for a week in the sun, but heading off to live abroad, perhaps indefinitely? Can books ease your passage into a different country, language or culture?
This evening I'm flying to Switzerland for an extra-long weekend – it'll be my first visit since I came back from a year working in Zurich last summer, and I'm feeling a bit nostalgic.
When I was preparing to move out to Zurich, my employer's swanky relocation agents saw fit to send me a book called Culture shock: Switzerland.
The title surely a bit of an overstatement for someone moving from one European city to another set alarm bells ringing, along with the jazzy font on the cover.
However, in a state of excited anticipation over my first foreign posting, I pounced on it and started to read.
According to this worthy repository of local knowledge, Swiss supermarkets get busy when people finish work, the tap water is OK but you should boil it first if you're worried, and Zurich is a melting pot of multiculturalism.
The first tip is only as useful as it is blindingly obvious, whereas you could safely drink from your average Swiss inner-city canal and Zurich is international in the sense that you can find white bankers there from Germany, France, Italy or even, if you look hard enough, Belgium.
As a guide to a new country, it comprehensively failed. I would have liked to have been tipped off about Switzerland's formality, patriotism, stubborn parochialism, compulsive addiction to rules and savage rejection of the very notion of political correctness.
The only culture shock came when a Dutch colleague told me his local relocation agent had warned him off settling in an area where there were 'foreigners.'
"But I am a foreigner!" he replied, genuinely baffled. Apparently she meant a different sort of foreigner. Clearly I was no longer in London.
I had a glance at how this book fared on the Amazon review pageÂ and was relieved to find I'm not alone in giving it pretty short shrift. Apparently other titles in the series are not so bad.
I prefer the alternative approach to cultural handbooks however notably the 'Xenophobe's guide to….' which sells itself as "an irreverent look at the beliefs and foibles of nations, almost guaranteed to cure xenophobia."
There is a fine and fuzzy line between making harmless generalisations about national characteristics and straying into prejudice and racism, and I was a little sceptical of this mission statement.
As a Swansea girl, I was given the guide to Wales as an ironic Christmas present, while the France edition was a leaving gift when I spent a year in Paris
Both impressed me with their ability to make cutting, astute observations with a lightness of touch that makes it almost impossible to take offence.
The Welsh are gently mocked for their tendency to define themselves in opposition to what they don't like (usually the English), or make friends on the basis of a common enemy (usually any country playing the English at rugby.)
The French, meanwhile, "may sometimes behave badly, but always act superbly;" "believe intensely in what they call la rÃ¨gle: that everything that matters should be done in the right way and in the right place at the right time. What they don't like, and ignore at their discretion, are petty regulations."
The humour sometimes feels a little over-written and hammy, but these books are still infinitely preferable to the saccharine earnestness of Culture Shock: Switzerland.
For anyone with a fondness for literature and a desire to learn something about a new language along with a new culture, I cannot recommend the Penguin Parallel Text short stories series highly enough.
These allow you to pick your way through high-quality foreign-language stories, with an English translation on the opposite page to guide you through difficult words or phrases.
There is nothing more satisfying than revisiting a story to find you can actually get the gist of it in a foreign language, having previously crawled through reading every sentence in translation. Far more motivating than verb tables.
All this, of course, relates to the fairly minor adjustment required to live in a different European country. I'd be interested to hear from anyone whose reading helped them settle in somewhere far-flung enough to cause genuine culture>>, python pyco, pyco kivy, kivy pyco.
Released under GPL 3. Source code is available at
Tags: pyco, python pyco, pyco kivy, kivy pyco.
Recently changed in this version
v0.2.0: New features: edit menu for copy/paste and indent/unindent, show exception traceback for errors
(62 stars)
by Kupo Ung on 02/06/2014
Works for me
(62 stars)
by Kip Crossing on 05/05/2014
The python interpreter doesn't work' useless!
(62 stars)
by Lio Proeliator on 16/10/2013
I liked it
(62 stars)
by Timur Lavrenti Kiyivinski on 06/09/2013
It's simple and does the job- that's a 5 star app.
(62Fish not only make wonderful pets, but they also add some beautiful decor to your home. We have a wide selection of fish supplies to support all of your aquarium needs. You can shop our selection of aquariums, aquarium decor or aquarium accessories to ensure that you are well stocked with everything you need for your fish. Whether you are bringing sea life or fresh water fish to your home we are sure to have the right products for you!
Ads by Google
Don't miss our design tips, savings and special offers! Join the ATGStores.com email list!2012 FORD FUSION SEL $20,999
- $20,999
- Mileage 6,929 Miles
- Mileage 6,929 Miles
- Color Red
- Engine 6 Cyl
- Mpg Avg: 20
- Location Mount Holly, NJ
Family FriendlyThis 2012 Ford Fusion is a great choice for families! This Sedan, with 20 MPG, will get you and your family wherever you need to go safely and stylishly and at $20,999 it won't break the bank.
Great for CommutingThis 2012 Ford Fusion will get you where you need to go comfortably and affordably. At $20,999 this Sedan is a great value and since it gets an average of 26 MPG on the highway and 18 MPG in the city it will also be easy on your wallet at the pump.Pop City Pop City Innovation News By Heather McClain • Mar 26, 2013?".EDITION: U.S.
May 22, 2015
WizardsOfWaverlyPlace
Selena Gomez Talks About the Pressures of Being Young and Famous (VIDEO)
by Nick Zaino, posted Jun 17th 2011 1:20PM
."
What's On Tonight: 'Smallville,' 'Dateline,' 'Stargate Universe,' 'Suite Life'
by Rich Keller, posted Apr 16th 2010 12:30PM
>>IMAGE.
Kathy Griffin to Host 'Let's Dance': Which Celebs Should ABC Cast?
by Rebecca Paiement, posted Nov 4th 2009 4:00PM
>.
Omar Miller Joins 'CSI: Miami' & More TV News
by Andrew Scott, posted Sep 29th 2009 1:13PM
'Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie' Draws 11.4 Million Viewers
by Andrew Scott, posted Aug 31st 2009 11:00AM
The network's Friday night premiere of 'Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie,' starring Selena Gomez, averaged 11.4 million viewers, with 4.5 million in the kids 6-11 demo and 4.0 million in tweens 9-14. That makes it the most-watched cable program of 2009, topping 'Jon & Kate Plus 8''s separation episode in June (10.6 million viewers).
Even better news for Disney: The 'Wizards' movie is now the second-highest-rated entertainment telecast over the past two years, according to Variety. 'High School Musical 2' is first with 17.2 million. An August 2007 episode of 'Hannah Montana' (10.7 million) and 'Wizards on Deck With Hannah Montana' (9.3 million) rank third and fourth, respectively.
The Wizards of Waverly Place movie casts the biggest ratings spell of the year
by Jason Hughes, posted Aug 30th 2009 5:03PM
>>IMAGE?
Hot Video: Selena Gomez Interview for 'Princess Protection Program'
by Maggie Furlong, posted Jun 26th 2009 10:00AM
On top of her hit show, 'Wizards of Waverly Place,' Gomez is also starring in a new Disney Channel original movie about what happens when real life gets royally interrupted called 'Princess Protection Program' (premieres Friday, June 26, 8PM ET).
Gomez gave us the scoop on playing the tomboy to her costar (and BFF) Demi Lovato's regal princess, and dished about the next season of 'Wizards,' those tabloid rumors and the fellow TV star she and Lovato love following on Twitter. -- By Maggie Furlong
Disney grooming Wizards of Waverly Place to be their "next big thing"
by Jason Hughes, posted May 2nd 2009 12:08PM
What they really need to do is stream it on Hulu to ensure it is. The kids are online, you know.
Justine Bateman tries her hand at sitcom writing
by Joel Keller, posted Jun 11th 2008 1:01PM
.
Top Tween (and Teen) TV Stars
by AOL TV Staff, posted Dec 17th 2007 12:13PM
Icebreaker Men's Sprint Legless
The Icebreaker Men's Sprint Legless. Improve your personal best with the Sprint Legless, part of our revolutionary new range of technical base layer garments. Lightweight, supple, breathable and even faster drying than regular Icebreaker, the fabric in the Sprint Legless is ideal for high performance sport.
DECENT FEATURES of the Icebreaker Men's Sprint Legless
- Trim, athletic fit
- Brushed elastic waistband
- Gusset for ease of movement
- Contrast flatlock stitching
- Icebreaker GT wordmarkAlbino snakes are not always pure white. Some can have a yellow skin hue, and others may only be missing certain colors from their patterns. One aspect that the majority of albino snakes have in common is their eye color. Most albino snakes have red eyes. The only exception is snakes that are considered leucistic. However, these snakes are not officially albino, as they lack other types of pigmentation in addition to melanin.Learn more about Snakes
According to VCA Hospitals, all snakes are carnivores and prefer to eat whole prey items. The specific prey items depend on the snake species and the size of the snake.Full Answer > >
Snakes are carnivores. The specific food they consume depends upon the snakes' size, species and habitat, but their prey includes insects, eggs, mice, fish, frogs and lizards.Full Answer >
Snakes.Full Answer >Reading the Women of the Bible: A New Interpretation of Their Stories, by Tikva Frymer-Kensky
R, Judith, Shofar
New York: Schocken Books, 2002. 446 pp. $28.95.
In her lucid and accessible new book, Tikva Frymer-Kensky applies her skills as a deeply learned biblical scholar, her training as an Assyriologist, and her personal approach as "a feminist who loves the Bible" to an original and elucidating study of representations of women in Hebrew Scriptures. Frymer-Kensky does not apologize for the fact that the Hebrew Bible, an androcentric text written by men about male matters, reflects a patriarchal society in which women had limited abilities to determine events. As in her earlier book, In the Wake of the Goddesses: Women, Culture and the Biblical Transformation of Pagan Myth (1992), she argues that we must look beyond the gender-based inequity common to all ancient societies and recognize that biblical writers do not represent women as lesser creations who are other than men in their basic human qualities. In fact, the underlying theme of this volume is that women figure prominently in so many biblical narratives because they often serve as a metaphor for Israel itself. Thus, "The Bible's view that women were socially disadvantaged without being essentially inferior provided a paradigm through which biblical Israel did not have to equate its own powerlessness with inferiority" (p. xxii).
Frymer-Kensky reads biblical literature closely and on its own terms, eliminating the layers of traditional interpretation that often influence how people understand biblical stories and characters. Her careful analyses, based on her own translations, explore the nuances of the original Hebrew and also place the passage at hand in its larger cultural context. While Frymer-Kensky includes references to traditional biblical exegesis and contemporary feminist scholarship in notes to each chapter, this book is not primarily aimed at an academic audience. It is directed to general readers who are interested in what these stories and characters "might mean to us in our own culture today, when the lives of most women are dramatically different from the lives of the biblical figures who have so fascinated us throughout the millennia" (p. xxvii).
Reading the Women of the Bible is not intended to be a comprehensive encyclopedia of all biblical women. Significant female figures such as Eve, the Matriarchs, and Miriam are not discussed or are mentioned only in passing. Frymer-Kensky's goal is to reveal the meaning of what she calls the "women-stories" as a group and to elucidate the concept of "woman" in the Hebrew Bible; she does so by demonstrating that overall patterns and recognizable themes begin to emerge when biblical narratives are read closely and in relation to one another. Thus, her book is organized according to the four categories into which Frymer-Kensky believes most of the Hebrew Bible's narratives about women fall. These thematic divisions consider women as victors, victims, virgins (and potential brides), and voices of God.
"Victors" are those biblical women whose actions had a decisive impact on Israel's destiny. These powerful women come from different social levels and include heroines and villains, Israelites and foreigners. Among the forces for good whose stories are explicated in detail are Rivka, the midwives of Exodus, Zipporah, Rahab, Deborah, Yael, and the Shunammite woman of second Kings; the malefactors include Potiphar's wife, Delilah, and Athaliah. Frymer-Kensky notes that the triumphant stories of the "Victors" may also be read as tales of national survival, since narratives about dynamic women who succeeded despite their marginalized place in society must have conveyed a powerful and paradigmatic message to a people who felt weak, small, and vulnerable. …« Purple Names |
Main
| Sibling Spotlight for Fabian »
Irish. Literarary. Legendary. Victorian. It's hard to pin Oscar down, but he certainly has style.
Origin:
There are two possible origins for Oscar:
1) From the Old Irish oss "dear".
Usage:.
Famous Bearers:
*.
Variants:
Oskar (German, Czech, Polish, Swedish), Oskari (Finnish), Oskars (Latvian)
Possible Diminutives:
Oggy, Ozzie
Sibling Names:
Charlotte Daisy Matilda Amelie Kitty Ella Archie Harvey Finlay Louis Hugo Lucas
Name Lists:
|
|
Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog.Well, hello there! I bet you've missed me! Yes? No? Maybe? As I'm sure it is for everyone, life got really hectic around the holidays and I stopped blogging because I felt like I didn't have anything interesting to say. Never fear! I'm back now and I'm hoping to incorporate blogging much more into the coming year. I've been doing some brainstorming and working on a few projects to share. I can't promise that I'll blog every day (which just isn't going to happen), but I hope to at least be more consistent and have some interesting content.
My first order of business will be sharing our menu for this week, even if I am a day late. I love getting feedback on these and blog hopping to see what the rest of you are eating.
Monday: Weight Watchers Double Mushroom Soup (which was awesome!!!)
Tuesday: Crab Stuffed Ravioli (Sam's Club impulse buy. This is what you get for taking your husband to the grocery.) w/ marinara sauce
Wednesday: Spicy Beef Noodles
Thursday: Tacos w/ lean beef, black beans & all the fixins
Friday: Pizza Night!
Saturday: Cheeseburgers, tater tots
Sunday: Grilled Chicken Salads
Well, there you have it. I can't wait to see what all of you are cooking up this week!
Tuesday, January 10, 2012
Menu Plan Tuesday: 1/9- 1/15
Posted by Katie at 6:05 AM
Labels: Menu Plan Monday
Your menu for the week sounds awesome! I love soup any time and I'll have to look up that mushroom soup recipe. =)For those who keep hanging around the west coast yoga crowds say four minutes at time you will hear people say how life is a journey not a destination. Any time you visit the Whistler Blackcomb ski resort is really a destination, but it’s one of the best destinations in Canada. All the same doesn’t just visit whistler visit other parts such as the Rocky Mountains where you can ride the rails of the whistler sea ski climb?
You can have a trip to Vancouver all the way to the top of the Coast Mountains and back again to train. Here is the top reason why you should use the Rock Mountains training experience.
Rocky Mountaineer is a Stress free zone
When you step abroad the rocky mountaineer all the training worries are gone. There’s no traffic, no new snow tires, as well as no problems. The rail travel is all about comfort, class, as well as styles you all need to sit and enjoy the ride. To make the travel experience more superb you can book the rock mountaineer dome services that include hot meals as well as cool beverage served just in the seats on the upper level of the dining cars.
The extra heights as well as a domed glass ceiling are offered to the first class where you will view the entire journey. This is a best travel way to the have fun all the way to Whistler après-ski.
Enjoy the scenery
The journey to Whistler Blackcomb ski resort you can use it to enjoy the tuning wilderness of the ski corridor. Experience the best views of the Lions gate bridge in Vancouver all the way to Whistler Blackcomb with one fantastic viewpoint. Any time the trail slowdowns at key points have a good look at the sights and enjoy them.
Keep track of the ocean vistas of the Anvil Island to the Howe Sound looming granite of the Squamish steams chief to the glimpse over the edge of the Brandywine falls where the Rocky mountaineer is basically the best of the unrelenting photos all the way to Whistler.
When the trails twist over the steep walls of the chealmus canyon you can get a good view of the rapids as well as waterfalls that are invisible from any of the highways, here you can take as many photos as possible.
A ride to Whistler Blackcomb ski resort is a journey through the history with the rock mountaineer. So many people have been riding the rails in the passing cars for more than 300 years hence the rail is an instrumental role in connection Canada.
Rocky mountaineer on its way to whistler après ski follows the old pacific great eastern rails that date back in the 1912 hence keeping huge historical trails. After enjoying the scenery, you can book a Whistler accommodation that also has a breath taking view.
The human connection
All the time people have to wave the train; hence so much for the ride abroad the rocky mountaineer where you spent time watching the world waves with a smile on your face.
The experience on the train does not occur on the highway or even the airport hence make the rocky mountaineer the best thing to keep you moving to Whistler Blackcomb ski resort each summer or winter.
The train is a family thing. Kids love trains this because of the sheer size as well as the mass of a string of the linked races that offer a unique way to travel to whistler Blackcomb skiing activities.Tell City High School Alumni
Tell City Alumni Photos
- Class of 1980
- Class of 1988
- Class of 1974
- Class of 2007
What is this site?
Send messages to alumni
View TCHS Alumni Profiles
Share your memories
Share photos with others
Discuss past activities
Famous Alumni
There are currently no Tell City notable alumni listed. Be the first to add an TCHS famous alumni.
Memorials
This section is to remember Tell City High alumni who have passed away.
David Luking Class of 1961
Brieanna Ball Class of 2014
Rhonda Conner Class of 1976
Matt Kaufman Class of 2010
Colton Thomas Class of 2011
Nancy Bender Class of 1971
Dereck Hedinger Class of 2001
Diane Humston
Louis Schlachter
Sharon Adams Class of 1969
Jackie Howland Class of 1965
Tara Beckett Class of 1994
Todd Cail Class of 1987
Chad Royal
Donald Swaney Class of 1982
Jeremy Wheeler
Maurice Mayfield Class of 1953
Edward Mi Class of 1973
Rick Staples Class of 1973
Bill Lawrence Class of 1977
May Birthdays
Tell City Alumni Merchandise
Alumni from TCHS can use this site to get in touch with old friends from their high school in IN. Tell City High School alumni can relive their experiences from high school by sharing memories and pictures, reconnecting with those alumni listed, searching for former students and more. If you are a former student of Tell City High in Tell City, Indiana, register now to add your name.Cairns Urban Adventures
What better way to start the day than by joining our favorite Cairns tour, the Morning Glory tour. Wake to the smell of a fresh BBQ brekky on the world famous Cairns Esplanade foreshore. Imagine watching and listening to the tropics comes alive.
Extend your tour of Cairns and go for a leisurely stroll and take in the highlights that the Esplanade offers, including the amazing ecosystem. In the afternoon, go for a tropical walk to the Botanical gardens on our Afternoon Adventure tour. Taking in many diverse landscapes and even walk past the famous Tanks Art gallery. Get tropical and experience what our Cairns tours have to offer!
Think our Cairns tour is awesome, why not try our Melbourne tour, Perth tour or New Zealand tour.
Length: 6 hours From AUD 65.00
Who would have thought Cairns is more than a launching point for the Great Barrier Reef? There's mountains and gardens, wildlife, and indigenous culture, and some of the best fish and chips you'll ever taste. Join this Cairns tour to see the parts that many tourists miss.
Length: 11 hours From AUD 90.00
.
Length: 4 hours From AUD 85.00
A cool drink, a massage, kangaroo snacks, crocodile tapas, and hanging with local artisans - this Cairns tour nails the 'relaxation after a day on the reef' experience!
Length: 7 hours From AUD 65.00
Experience one of Australia's greatest contributions to the culinary world - the breakfast barbeque - on this early morning Cairns tour which also includes chocs and crocs (translation: chocolate tasting and crocodiles).
The team at Cairns Urban Adventures is set to show you, the traveller, some of the town’s landmarks including learning about the local environment, history and culture. Watch the tropics come alive with our Morning Glory tour or experience urban culture with our Afternoon Adventure tour. Which ever you decide let us show you how to live like a local!
more...
Feels like: 25°C
Passing clouds. Mild.
>>IMAGE...Discussion: (0 comments)
There are no comments available.
More options: Share, Mark as favorite
It is often said that history repeats itself. Sometimes it does. Other times history serves as a powerful reminder of possibilities, human nature and consequences.
On the 70th anniversary of the D-Day landings at Normandy, this battle reminds us of the costs of delayed action and the sacrifices of global leadership. While our fighting men and women were able to pave the way for the liberation of Europe, it was at a great cost of nearly 1,500 American lives on one day alone. The major effort required the near-total mobilization of American society to build the ships, aircraft, tanks and armies that landed in Normandy and kept on driving to Berlin.
The defeat of Nazi Germany led to the eventual creation of a post-war order built upon economic freedom, representative government and respect for human rights. It took U.S. wisdom and strength to create and then constantly defend this benevolent order against a new totalitarian challenger. Year in and year out, America has had to remain vigilant to guard the freedom of so many.
While the Soviet Union is gone, threats to the American-backed order have not disappeared. It can be easy to look at current events and view Russian aggression in Ukraine and the Syrian government’s use of chemical weapons as outliers in an otherwise (more) civilized world. But the expansion of an international order based upon the rule of law rather than the use of force, and conventions such as the ban on chemical weapons, are hard won victories that should be celebrated, not taken for granted.
These victories were possible because American values and commitment to leadership followed the U.S. military to foreign shores. Our nation helped win the war, and then used its military power and forward presence to help prevent the next one.
On this D-Day anniversary, policymakers should recommit to rebuilding U.S. military strength. Although American internationalism is not cheap, it ultimately costs more to manage crises — as we had to on June 6, 1944 — than to solve problems before they spiral out of control.
Mackenzie Eaglen is a resident fellow in the Marilyn Ware Center for Security Studies, where Charles Morrison is a research assistant.
There are no comments available.
AEI
1150 17th Street, N.W. Washington, D.C. 20036
© 2015 American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy ResearchLondon CensusEdit This Page
From FamilySearch WikiThe Dracolich
Credits & Info
- Views
- 4,963
- Score
- 3.45 / 5.00
- Date
- 02/27/2010
- Category
- Illustration
- File Info
- 1024 x 684 px
- JPG
- 144.5 kb
- fantasy
- dragon
- battle
-
9-10 and 5-5
9-10 and 5-5
Rated 4 / 5 stars
Excellent.
My only complaint (at the risk of sounding annoyingly like an art critic) is that Ixen doesn't really look like he (It is a he, right?) is moving or jumping or anything. He just looks... there. I don't really know how to describe this.
Fantastic shading though.
Yes, Ixen is a guy. Like most reptiles, his goods are stored under his scales. I can see where you're coming from, and don't feel sorry. The most annoying are those responses that have NO point. I like constructive criticism.Did you know that I love to fast. Well, I do. I’m not exactly sure why but the last few hours of a 24 hour fast is the best. My mind is a peace, I can see solutions to problems more clearly, my priorities are well defined and my plans are more precise and logical.
I really love the feeling and for almost 20 years I have fasted more than the one time a month it was expected of me.
While Paul was gone I always had my phone with me. In my hand, in whatever room I was occupying, in my purse next to me, plugged into the car while I was driving. Calls and texts from Paul were too precious to gamble with. I never took a chance at missing any contact with him.
When I am already in survival mode, a missed phone call had the power to send me into an unrecoverable tailspin.
Since he’s been home I’ve tried not to be so connected but it isn’t easy to walk away. Facebook, Instagram, blogs, email, phone calls, texts, even Words With Friends, I love them all. Those are all ways I stay connected to my kids, my friends, my siblings and I feel like I’m being left out when I’m not checking in all the time.
At the same time. I’m tired of always being on alert, on call. I find myself feeling relieved when I am running errands and realize I’ve accidentally left my phone at home. And I was surprised at how pleased I was when our book for book club this month “On Hundred Years of Solitude” was not available on the Kindle and I was going to have to order the actual book.
Lately, I have been feeling a little off too. I am distracted when I should be paying attention to my kids, I’ve been getting headaches and I’m not sleeping well. There are other factors as well, but I feel like the phone/kindle/computer is a big part of that.
I need a break. I need to clear my head and realign my priorities. I feel like some kind of ‘technology fast’ is in order. Any suggestions?
The transition from school year to summer is a good opportunity to make some changes, don’t you think? The last day of school is tomorrow.
The photo is the home screen on my phone. *Sigh* What a hunk!
I think you’re right about a tech fast. Erin used to make Sundays a no-screen day. I don’t know if she still does.Jane Drew prize winner 2013
March 26, 2013 Leave a comment
The Architect’s Journal‘s jury has selected their winner of the 2013 Jane Drew Prize as Eva Jiřičná. By an unanimous vote she won the award “for her outstanding contribution to the status of women in architecture”.
The Czech-born architect is based in London, after studying at the Academy of Fine Arts in Prague, starting her career with the Greater London Council followed by the Louis de Soisssons Partneship. She then set up her own practice with David Hodges in 1982 and from there she began to be recognised for her work.
She rebranded her firm in 1985 to Eva Jiricna Architects, then in 1988 completed her flagship store for the Joseph fashion label, where it is said she “reinvented the idea of retail”
Jiřičná, who is also famous for her steel and glass staircases, was part of the inaguaral judging panel for the prize in 1998, which was created to honour Dame Jane Drew, who died in July 1996 and was an English modernist architect and town planner.
She recieved her prize at a special luncheon held in London on the 22nd March. Read an arctile about the awards here.Food product conglomerate Campbell's is having a shaky year selling food products, which the company blames on a "seismic shift" in how people eat. Campbell's solution: to grab onto every last trendy food trend and ride those babies till the wheels fall off.
So, you people are tired of the "classics" such as Campbell's tomato soup and whatever other food products are most famous for being painted by a dead artist? Not to worry. The folks at Campbell's have been doing their homework. Trends? You like trends? They got trends. All the god damn trends.
Millennials? "At an investor day today, Campbell executives made plenty of mention of millennials, saying the younger customers want to eat and cook in different ways."
Juicing? "[The] marketer will launch a new range of V8 flavors that seek to seize on the juicing trends with varieties such as Carrot Mango, Healthy Greens and Purple Power, which is a veggie blend with beets."
Protein? "Seperately, V8 will try to capitalize on the protein craze with a new line of shakes and snack bars."
Greek Yogurt—now 4 kidz? "Bolthouse Farms Kids™... Fruit Tubes options will include Mango Meets Banana & Pineapple, Strawberry Meets Banana and Blueberry Meets Raspberry With Greek Yogurt."
If you're aware of any other foodstuffs that are experiencing a short-term upsurge in popularity, no matter how ill-deserved, contact the Campbell's corporation, and they will put that shit in a smoothie for you.June 4, 2012
John Davidson
TideSports.com
Class of 2014 offensive tackle Orlando Brown took a two-day trip to Tuscaloosa for the Crimson Tide's first camp of the summer and enjoyed every bit of it, from the campus tour Sunday to his performance on the field Monday. Most of all, Brown enjoyed his time speaking with and working with Alabama assistant and offensive line coach Jeff Stoutland. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inThe opposition is to make a last-ditch attempt on Thursday to spare employers from processing the federal government’s parental leave payments, amid a row with the union movement over the new scheme.
Coalition small business spokesman
The ACTU warned that the Coalition approach would “restrict unions’ capacity" to enforce paid parental leave in the workplace, as it called on affiliates to mount the case against Mr Billson’s proposed changes.
The Family Assistance Office began processing parental leave payments on January 1 but the
While the Coalition has proposed a more generous scheme funded by a tax on big companies, Mr Billson has attacked the government scheme for requiring businesses to become the government’s paymaster.
Mr Billson cited the ACTU circular, dated January 17, as proof that the unions wanted to use the parental leave scheme to extend their influence in the workplace and that the Gillard government was “aiding and abetting" that campaign.
The lower house is expected to vote on Thursday on Mr Billson’s private member’s bill to keep the Family Assistance Office making the payments rather than transferring the role to corporate payroll units or human resources departments.
He said: “The government has ignored a chorus of calls from employer organisations and small business not to add the needless and pointless red tape and compliance burden imposed on employers under the paid parental leave scheme."
The Productivity Commission found it would be better to spare employers the cost of handling the payments, which are funded by the government and give new parents the equivalent of the minimum wage, or about $570 per week before tax, for 18 weeks.
The explanatory note for the government scheme says about 4.3 per cent of 757,200 small businesses (those with fewer than 20 employees) would have to act as paymaster for the scheme in any given year. But the requirement would fall on 60 per cent of medium businesses and virtually all large businesses. Assuming it required half an hour to process the work, the cost would be $500,000 per year for all small businesses and $1.5 million for larger businesses.
“The above estimate assumes perfect administration on the part of Centrelink," the note said.
ACTU President
“The Billson bill would undermine one of the key objectives of the scheme, that of encouraging women’s participation in the workforce by maintaining a connection to their employer during the period of leave," she said.
The Australian Financial ReviewOzzy Osbourne and daughter Kelly will appear on "The Tonight Show With Jay Leno" on Wednesday, Nov. 20, with Kelly serving as the musical guest. Next Saturday, Nov. 23, at 1:00 p.m., MTV will be airing the entire first season of "The Osbournes", preceded by the documentary "Catching Up With The Osbournes". The second season of "The Osbournes" will premiere on Nov. 26, which is the same day that Kelly Osbourne's album, "Shut Up!" , comes out. The second season is said to pick up just where the last one left off and will include Sharon Osbourne's bout with cancer, Kelly's career, the family's trip to Washington, D.C., for dinner with the President, the acquisition of more dogs, and more. The show will air Tuesday nights at 10:30 p.m. PT/ET after "The Real World: Las Vegas".In other Osbournes-related news, Kelly Osbourne will conduct her first-ever in-store at Tower Records in West Hollywood, California on Saturday, Nov. 30 at 2:00 p.m. Kelly's first concert to promote "Shut Up!" , scheduled to take place at New York City's Irving Plaza on Tuesday, Nov. 26, sold out in 15 minutes last week.
OZZY, KELLY OSBOURNE To.The practice, which attempts to change the sexual orientation or gender identity of patients, has been banned in three states and legislation has been introduced in Ontario
Indiana's law does not specifically mention gays and lesbians, but critics say it will protect businesses and individuals who don't want to serve LGBT community
Christopher Karas had alleged his school violated his rights by censoring and delaying a gay-straight alliance club
Web series and crowdfunded productions find a foothold in a 'loyal' community of gay and bisexual women looking for more authentic representation
Though Dalmar's death has not been ruled a homicide, Toronto Police are responding to social media posts describing her death as a murder
Networks are promoting the understanding of gay lives with some of the most inclusive programs yet, but should 'strive to include significant transgender content,' said Sarah Kate Ellis, president and CEO of GLAAD
Minor hockey players in Ontario are now able to choose a dressing room based on whether they see themselves as male or female
‘Gay people no longer feel like they need a safe space because they feel safe anywhere. [And] more straight people feel comfortable moving into these areas’
The city council motion, which passed 37 to 1, in part, asks city staff to explore the feasibility of operating a standalone shelter for LGBTQ kids
The study is billed as the first to examine the problem; previous research has found similar disparities for other substance abuse...
The Rogue's Return
by Jo Beverley | Romance
Registered by Critterlovr of Dallas, Texas USA on Tuesday, June 06, 2006
1 journaler for this copy...
Journal Entry 1 by Critterlovr from Dallas, Texas USA on Tuesday, June 06, 2006
Oh yeah, The Rogues. The most devilishly handsome, rich and mischievous men. Ahhh, to have them kidnap me!
Are you sure you want to delete this item? It cannot be undone.Phoload Announces Android Support
Phoload, a site dedicated to showcasing free-to-download mobile games and apps that have been uploaded directly to the site by mobile software developers has announced support for Android today. They are a new community website based on the idea that it should be simple, easy, and fun to discover and download free mobile phone games and applications. Users of the website can rate, review and recommend the software they download.
The Phoload website can be filtered to show only the Android software at phoload.com/android and the main Phoload site will automatically be filtered if you browse it using the T-Mobile G1 phone. Nifty!Â We wish the guys luck as they have their work cut out for them.Â Although it’s a blessing for Android users to be able to go to many places to get apps, it could also cause a little confusion.Â If a developer plays favorites, it might be tough to remember who is selling what or hosting which apps.
So far, we see a handful of apps listed including TooDo, twitli, and Mobeegal.
About author
You might also like
HeroCraft announces Scrubs game for early December [VIDEO]
HeroCraft today announced a new game based around the popular television series Scrubs, tapping it with an early December release. Players will assume the role of a young intern as
Sprint now leasing Samsung Galaxy S5, Galaxy S5 Sport
Sprint is one of the leading carriers in the United States, and today they have announced a new deal which might attract a lot of new customers. If you areSanity of a SAHM, WAHM, teetering between the lines of sanity
Key: SAHM = Stay at home mom WAHM= Work at home mom
The other night, my husband and oldest son were in the living room with me. I was talking about some work issues I had and since I work at home doing freelance writing it was about some of the successes that I had recently had. I wanted to share with them how I was feeling about the success I was experiencing since our two cats, Josie and Jasper could really care less about how much work I accomplished. For the cats, working means I was not available for belly and neck scratching and that is a sore subject for them.
Anyways, back to the topic at hand, hubby and son were not as thrilled as I was. This was rather upsetting to me as they are two of the three human support system that I had in the house. Well, after a discussion of positive versus negative comments and support and we all calmed down (ok, it was a heated discussion) I was able to explain how their not so positive comments hurt. I thought they would be pleased at my successes as my successes relate to income coming in. They had both seen what could be and focused on what could be instead of what is.
So how does that cause me to teeter between the lines of sanity? It is simple. SAHM and WAHMs often find themselves at home more by themselves than other mothers and crave interaction. They crave adult interaction. They want to have someone see them as the person who is living a dream but a difficult dream. A dream that may be more difficult than the work at a workplace mom may have.
How so? A SAHM or WAHM has to divide her time up very carefully. She has to be able to complete the necessary tasks for keeping home, working at home, child care and personal time all in the same location. A work outside of the home has opportunities during the work hours to socialize, run personal errands and not have to care for children. Day care of school will accomplish that. A work outside of the home mom has more leverage to encourage their family members to take on some of the house work as they are out of the home 40+ hours a week. A stay at home mom is expected to constantly be doing housework, cooking great meals, working at home, caring for the children, and everything else.
It really is an educational experience for me and the rest of the family. I need to educate the family on the rules of the house from a WAHM standpoint. Then I can stand firm on the right side of insanity.
Taking care of the written word,
dannielynSide Floats - Blue Swirl Deleted
$8.86
0
Aqua Sphere Side Floats -This pair of soft foam floats in blue can be fixed onto the Aqua Sphere Buoyancy Belts (available separately) to help you to stay more vertically stable whilst exercising in the water. You can position the floats to customise your buoyancy.We found 1 site within 33 miles of Aberdare with Gay friendlyAug 29, 2013|
Gery Woeflel joins the Wendy's Big Show to talk about the Caron Butler Trade
Related Audio:
Audio
Wed, 20 May 2015
Gery Woelfel from the Racine Journal Times joins Bill to talk about who might be available for the Bucks in the draft. Where does Gery see Sam Dekker and Frank Kaminsky going? Who should the Bucks target with the 17th overall pick?
Thu, 14 May 2015
Basketball insider Gery Woelfel is live from the NBA Draft Combine and shares his thoughts on the immediate futures of Sam Dekker and Frank Kaminsky. Plus, what's the latest on the possible Brook Lopez to the Bucks rumor?
Wed, 13 May 2015
Could the Bucks have beaten the Bulls if they had a healthy Jabari Parker? Andrew Gruman, of FoxSportsWisconsin.com, joins the show to talk about the end of the Bucks season and the Brewers. What will it take for the Brewers to be competitive in the NL Central?
Thu, 7 May 2015
WSSP Basketball insider Gery Woelfel gives his thoughts on what a Bucks offseason could look like. Might the Bucks move up in the NBA draft? And is there any
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
Now joining us now to talk about that he is or bucks instead of front is we're inside racing the Racine journal times -- sports and I don't count -- last night Mika running. -- Darryl and on the great midwest bank Talladega job -- story last night man broker for all the national -- Well you're pressured you know these -- -- Jerry how do you think drug Butler fits into this puzzle that is the -- thirteen 2014 Milwaukee Bucks -- as of now Carlos Delfino was a starting small forward is that still the plan you think. Well out -- -- the deficit without -- question at this point. That kind of a mystery a bit what like -- you know. It's not that big it would be over you'll be ready but the start of you regular season. Far from other people and they -- it's worked and that's what they expect him as a good portion of. You're talking about til you know for people I don't know it's generally how Delfino got hurt our Hawaii's -- Well he broke a bone in his right foot in the playoffs and good it's what what surgery. And you know those old footage it's going to be very tricky as well that'll -- What I was told that with -- I think two to three weeks we've been due for more -- And there you know there are indications as to -- Okay so with the uncertainty with Delfino they were looking at Chris Middleton and the -- agrees on to to Kung -- as there small forwards and obviously. They felt that wasn't enough -- Butler they don't give up any thing really ish Smith -- -- they were going to be a part of the equation here. The fact that it's only a one year contract and they didn't give up a whole lot I like the move your reaction to what the Bucs did today. Yeah yeah I totally agree I thought Butler early exit to guys -- if we probably won't even been on the other moves it's possible that you want. Would have made the year and a laughter. It -- conviction guy it and get a good clear return mean yeah. They. Appear -- simple -- right. You know Gary tiger -- much seam and where they stack up right now. -- in the division how how much closer does -- get the bucks out of last place in the division having around Boller. Oh definitely improved -- radio while we battle yeah on the floor well or you -- off or as well. I think said that just -- what in the locker room for the Milwaukee Bucks last year that the Berry went. -- would be the word I would use. Yeah yeah but I thought this will be your vision and he echoed what somebody it's over -- -- -- so. It was the worst locker room that he could remember what history but. But I bet that's been in volume that's a good group and -- -- locker room before. But apparently last -- soul you know we've had some people like you know -- some. You've been covering the NBA long time so alive and not when people last we will what are the Bucs gonna do -- -- man -- -- been doing this a long time haven't ever seen a team that twelve new players. New coach -- new coaching staff I don't know what they're gonna do have you ever seen this kind of turn over from one year to the next. An expansion team. Yeah I know it as far as the turnover never you know -- that -- on -- At least -- -- it should now whether that would happen in the NBA I'm not sure -- Certainly certainly. Very weird situation. Larger world what -- Cora -- would have left integrity he's been -- a lot these past 23 years. Mean -- and -- -- actually up the books. Never any doubt about the fact that you guys know who bubbles if there's one -- -- assistant coach boxer. Yeah exactly it you were an assistant coach for the other Clippers why do what got -- to go or. It and I was on the phone with them for. And he claimed -- what -- you say you look at it and it goes all the quality. He thought last year conflict well -- -- even those numbers you know and it's it's you know. They weren't as good as previous years you felt that was because the system. -- what you fail to do. And you know -- ballclub what we're we're. In college -- -- You -- -- -- players. -- well as one bit. -- he is 78 games last year and ten points per game and about 24 minutes is what he did with the with the LA Clippers. Yeah I NE dot net or get this one -- so. Mean the field career so he -- -- playing well the small forward all. Well when you're on the team with Blake Griffin and goof ball. Yes sir you're number he's gonna go down. If you get an opportunity go check out Racine sports on -- -- Gary and I did another version of sports junkies it actually three versions. -- -- Butler -- breaking news video is up right now I received sports is only dot counselor checked up -- racing sports -- now. And the Racine journal times a real -- or boxing Saturday there wall for guests for the last few minutes here on the Wendy's big show Gary -- always appreciated have a good night. Take your beard. And Gary -- joins us on the great midwest bank outlined is a great mid West Bank that jump. Or call 8884854400. For today's thirty year four point 53% APR Morgan restrictions apply -- can change any time great midwest bank since nineteen. 35 simply --![CDATA[//><!]]> <![endif]-->
The Saab saga has taken yet another interesting turn with parent company National Electric Vehicle Sweden (NEVS) forced to halt production and cut its workforce.
The “short term cash problem” is apparently a result of Chinese shareholder Qingbo Investment Co. not fulfilling its “contractual obligation to finance the operations.”
Although NEVS’ main owner, National Modern Energy Holdings Ltd., intends to pick up the financial slack as the company’s sole backer, a lack of readily available funds has caused Saab 9-3 production to temporarily cease.
The announcement comes just under six months since new models began rolling off assembly lines at Saab’s Trollhattan plant in Sweden, and there’s currently no word on when work will resume. It’s similarly unclear whether the brand’s existing output of six cars per day will be improved upon.
It’s not the first time there have been doubts about the Swedish manufacturer’s future, having also halted production three years ago in April 2011, before filing for bankruptcy in December of the same year.
In a bid to boost its stock in the wake of this latest setback, NEVS has announced plans for an “extensive investment” in the Phoenix architecture “which will be the base for future car models.”
The new platform’s development will apparently take place “in cooperation with other global OEMs” – with one signed up to co-develop the frame and another in negotiations for part ownership.
NEVS is hopeful these new partnerships will provide the “financial and technical support” necessary to relaunch Saab as a premium brand around the world.
Disqus - noscript
No surprises here. This once great marque should have been allowed to die in peace rather than in pieces.
Its a very sad & long drawn out death of a once great brand. GM didn't know what to do with it, starved it of new products worthy of the brand & then washed its hands of it. How NEVS thinks anyone is going to buy a hopeless out of date design like the 9-3 over any of its rivals is beyond me.
I really hope they succeed ...
I think a company like Tata would be an ideal parent for the Saab brand. They've done well with JLR.
I think the critical mistake was not launching a smaller car on the Astra platform to compete with the A3, 1-Series etc. If they had got the packaging and price right this might have saved the company. There was little point in the new 9-5 as by this time they were trying to compete out of their league and, realistically, there was very little market for a big Saab.
Premium compact cars have grown rapidly in popularity over the last 15 years or so and yet Saab, with a fine heritage in smaller cars, was unique in having nothing to offer. Volvo would have been floored without the S40/V50 etc. so how could Saab hope to survive with no compact car in the range?
Swedish engineering is quite innovative and forward thinking, they are capable of coming up with quirky but effective solutions. I think its time to let Saab engineers loose on a ULEV they are sure to do something special.Archive for Wednesday, November 15, 2000
‘Century Farms’ span generations
The stone foundation of Fred and Margaret Clark's home was built by hand, without the modern conveniences of machinery or electric power. The stones were quarried on site with the help of a team of horses, then chiseled and squared.
A century later, the Clarks had to replace one of those walls and quickly appreciated the manual labor that went into building their foundation.
"When we had to take the walls out, we used a tractor and a loader," explained Fred Clark. "It's hard to comprehend not using machinery."
The Clarks, along with Charlene Pohl, and Harold Jehle, are the three area residents that recently received the Kansas Farm Bureau's Century Farm Award. The requirements for the award are daunting to most, but not to this year's awardees. Each of their farms met the required 80 acres owned by a family member for at least 100 years.
The winners feel that living on a century old farm has increased their appreciation for both family and hard work.
"The threshing machine used to be a team of horses and the corn was shucked by hand," Charlene Pohl remembers. "The first thing we bought when we moved here was a onerow corn picker."
Pohl enjoys her life on the farm that she used to visit as a child, when her maternal grandparents owned the land.
"I came here every Sunday afternoon," she said. "We'd can corn and other garden products."
Pohl and her husband Orvil moved to the farm, 2 1/4 miles south of Worden, in 1948, 64 years after Mrs. Pohl's grandparents bought it for $3,500. The Pohl's farm has hosted dairy cows, feeder pigs and sheep. Now the land is mainly pasture. Pohl's favorite part of her farm is the cedar windbreaks that she and her husband planted years ago. The improvements and additions to the century old farm are extensive, but Pohl, in a modest tone, points out that, "It's just home."
Harold Jehle enjoys the memories that surround his land.
"Our granary was built in 1927. I can just barely remember my grandfather laying out the string for the perimeter of the building," he said. "I got into the string and boy he popped me one. I never got into string again."
Jehle's grandfather, Michael Young, bought the farm in 1898. Jehle's mother was seven years old then, and after she married, she and her husband purchased it and lived there until the early 1970s, when the Jehle and his wife Wincel took over the ownership. Jehle farmed corn, wheat, milo and soybeans on the land, which is now farmed by the fourth and fifth generation.
Conversations with the winners of this year's Century Farm Award often sound as if they've come straight out of a history book. The century farms watched the birth of electricity and other inhome amenities.
"Electricity brought a lot of change around here. Also, we put in central air," said Pohl. She's kept up with the times; both the modern improvements on the land and the solar panel on her roof are evidence of that.
Jehle remembers the summer of '34, because he spent most of the nights outside due to the terrible heat. "Three of us boys slept out in the yard. We only had one load of hay that summer."
His farm also experienced the grasshopper invasion of 1946. "Grasshoppers ate everything in sight. My grandpa used to say, 'You can look as far as you can see and not even see a tree.'"
Jehle survived those challenging times, but fears for the future of family farms.
"Farms are breaking up into small plots. The family farm is on the way out," he said, adding he's glad he claimed his stake on time.
The Clarks agree that maintaining a family farm is a difficult task. They often question the methods in which their predecessors used to farm their land. The farm's original barn, for instance, is also held up by a stone foundation, and was put together with wooden pins.
"I don't know how they managed it," said Mr. Clark.
He is intrigued by past methods of clearing brush on the hill behind their house. Today, with modern technology and farm machinery, he says he has a hard time keeping it clear. The hilly and rocky terrain that makes up most of the Clark farm is difficult for farming, but perfect for grazing cattle and the chickens that are raised on the enduring pasture.
"We always wonder," Mrs. Clark laughed, "how they dealt with the problems we deal with."
The Clarks are dealing, more than likely better, than their relatives in one area. They like to take their visitors around the hill and show them their five-acre pond. The Clark's land was chosen by the Watershed project, as a prime spot to build a pond. The Watershed project monitors land and then builds ponds to create better conductivity between bodies of water. The Clarks are thankful for the deal they got out of the project. They have a large pond for recreation, light irrigation, and aesthetic enjoyment and they only paid a fraction of what the pond would have cost if they would have built it themselves.
The Clarks, the Jehles and the Pohls live and work upon historic land. They walk on the floors that their relatives walked on. They till the soil that their grandparents and parents tilled, and their livelihood depends on the same land that sustained a century of farmers before them.
Whether attracted to the stone foundations or the mature natural settings, this year's Century Farm Awardees still the hustle and bustle of present day, inviting visitors to relive their own memories. If a closer look is needed, there's an original hitching post in front of the Pohl's house just in case.
Commenting has been disabled for this item.The Corporate Social Responsibility In Oltenia Region
Being confronted with a series of technological, economic and social problems in the context of the market economy, the Romanian enterprises have come to be aware of the necessity of personalizing the management practices for the human resources, the social responsibility and the social audit in spite of the fact that there are some clear regulations in the Romanian legislation. The study enabled the evaluation of the impact of promoting the Social Responsibility on the competitiveness of the companies from four large activity sectors from the Oltenia Region: automobile, petroleum sector, construction materials, production and transport of electric (November)
Pages: 37-42
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:aio:manmar:v:6:y:2008:i:1:p:37-42..MUNSTER, Ind. (AP) — A northwest Indiana judge has rejected a request by the Indiana attorney general’s office that he put on hold his order striking down the state’s right-to-work law until the state Supreme Court rules on a similar case.
The Times of Munster reports Lake County Judge George Paras’ order was posted on the court docket Wednesday after being issued last week.
Attorney general’s office spokesman Bryan Corbin told The Associated Press that it hasn’t received the order but that it plans to file a new motion for a stay with the Indiana Supreme Court.
Corbin says to avoid inconsistency, the trial court should wait for the Supreme Court to rule.
Paras determined the law violates the state constitution by forcing unions to provide services to workers without payment.Volunteer Month: Tips for Kids
Thursday, July 22, 2010 - 01:04 PM.What does UFB mean in Networking?
This page is about the meanings of the acronym/abbreviation/shorthand UFB in the Computing field in general and in the Networking terminology in particular.
Universal Fall Back
Translation
Find a translation for UFB in other languages:
Select another language:
Discuss this UFB abbreviation with the community:
Citation
Use the citation below to add this abbreviation to your bibliography:
"UFB." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.Gislason Lake, as many area waterfowl hunters already know, has long been a haven for redheads and canvasbacks. And after suffering the same fate as many other shallow lakes in Minnesota, it's getting a another lease on life thanks to a water control structure that began operating in last month.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service partnered with Ducks Unlimited to install a water control structure that will allow managers to improve the water quality and vegetation conditions on the lake. The $100,000-plus project is supported by a 2009 grant to DU from the Minnesota Environment & Natural Resources Trust Fund as recommended by the Legislative-Citizen Commission on Minnesota Resources.
"The Service is extremely pleased to partner with DU on this important shallow lake enhancement project," said Alice Hanley, refuge manager at Big Stone National, which is tied with the Northern Tallgrass Prairie National Wildlife Refuge that includes Lincoln and Lyon counties. .
"We're trying to get it as low as possible to get a fish kill," Hanley said. "Many of the problems in the lake were because of all the rough fish that have entered the system, so we want to get the lake down there before it freezes to get rid of them."
Gislason, considered an important migration marsh in western Minnesota, has slowly degraded because of high water levels and invasive fish like carp and bullhead. Like so many other shallow lakes in Minnesota, aquatic plants and invertebrates that waterfowl and other migratory birds rely on for cover and food have been reduced throughout the years.
Submerged aquatic plant coverage in the lake dropped from 81 percent in 1955 to 44 percent in recent years, DU said.
Temporary water level drawdowns using the new water control structure will allow biologists to rejuvenate the basin's aquatic ecology, optimize conditions in the lake for wildlife and improve hunting opportunities.
 supported the need to improve and protect Gislason Lake due to its importance to migratory birds moving through western Minnesota. DNR also provided technical assistance to this project.
A cooperative partnership work between DU, the Service and the DNR to enhance degraded shallow lakes and large wetlands such as Gislason Lake helps fulfill the shallow lake goals of both DNR's Duck Recovery Plan and DU's Living Lakes Initiative.
508 W. Main St. , Marshall, MN 56258 | 507-537-1551
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicySales Associates - skoah
Personal training for your skin is "what skoah does". We are a personal skin care company that creates customized, effective and easy to understand skin care programs. skoah.® is not just a spa or a store, it's the best of both.
RETAIL SALES ASSOCIATES (Skin Care Coaches ...
May 21 -
Bellevue
Retail Sales Associate
Become part of the exciting Beauty Industry! We are the largest full-service distributor of top professional beauty and hair care brands in the world! CosmoProf is a network of over 1,000 small specialty retail stores who partner with our professional customers by providing ...
May 20 -
Seattle
As a Retail Sales Associate you will be responsible for:
Maintain outstanding customer service by attending to showroom visitors and assisting customers with product and solutions
Proficiently follow up on all leads/sales opportunities. Answer customer inquiries with ...
May 20 -
Bellevue
Sales Enthusiast Full Time + Part Time
"Job ID: J3H4R36Y customer service and sales...foster elite sales culture...strong passion for sports...more >>>"
May 20 -
Everett
BRANCH SALES COORDINATOR
"...customer service, cashier, accept payments, maintain inventory levels on sales floor and in warehouse...Job ID [S1423318]"
Bike Sales / Technician
"Job ID: (4547117). Bike Sales / Technician...friendly customer service, excited team member, sales, bike building, repair and service, organize and display merchandise...more >>>"
May 20 -
Kent
Apparel Sales Associate
"Job ID: (4205098). Apparel Sales Associate...friendly customer service, excited team member, sales, organize and display merchandise...more >>>"
Footwear Sales Associate
"Job ID: (4463979). Footwear Sales Associate...friendly customer service, excited team member, sales, organize and display merchandise...more >>>" ...
May 20 -
Tacoma
Sales Floor Team Member
"Target is currently seeking part time and full time Sales Floor Team Member positions to provide great customer service to our guests and ensure accurate product placement and pricing in our retail stores. Responsibilities include: Deliver accurate product placement, ...
May 19 -
Kent
May 19 -
Seattle -
Tacoma
May 19 -
Everett
Best Buy Mobile Sales Consultant
"The Best Buy Sales Consultant in Mobile Wireless engages customers utilizing selling skills to build connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Theyll sell a broad range of mobile products and services using a proven structured ...
Retail Commission Sales Associate - Women's Shoes
"We are currently seeking part time and full time Retail Commission Sales Associate - Women's Shoes positions to provide customer service through personal one-on-one interaction with our customers. Responsibilities include: Inspire the customer by making a connection and ...
OUTSIDE SALES REPRESENTATIVE
"As an Outside Sales Representative, you will use your sales skills to generate leads, conduct in-home sales presentations and help your customers improve their home. Your wage is commission-based, so nothing will stand in the way of you reaching your earning goals. "
May 19 -
Bellevue
We'll be sending text message alerts for your subscription toHerbert Feigl
Herbert Feigl was an Austrian-born logical empiricist philosopher who published the main part of his writings after his emigration to the United States in 1931. To a large extent inspired by the writings of his academic teacher Moritz Schlick, Feigl delivered important contributions to the philosophical analysis of probability, to the debate over scientific realism, and to the analysis of the mind-body problem. His overarching aim was to inform established philosophical analysis by what he called the “scientific attitude.”
- 1. Biography
- 2. Feigl and the Vienna Circle
- 3. Logical Empiricism and Scientific Realism
- 4. Analysis of the Mind-Body Problem
- 5. Writings on Value Judgment, Humanism, and Religion
- 6. Feigl and Twentieth-Century Analytical Philosophy
- Bibliography
- Academic Tools
- Other Internet Resources
- Related Entries
1. Biography
Herbert Feigl was born on December 14, 1902, in the then Austrian town of Reichenberg (nowadays Liberec, Czech Republic). Feigl's parents were Jewish, but not religious. His father, a trained weaver, was said to be an ardent atheist; he was a skillful and highly ingenious textile designer and became later in his career one of the most influential leaders in the Austrian textile industry. Feigl's mother, who had a lifelong interest in the arts, filled him with enthusiasm for classical music, particularly for the symphonies of Anton Bruckner and Gustav Mahler. In 1921, Feigl began to study mathematics, physics, and philosophy at the University of Munich. Because of the anti-Semitic climate in Germany (and in particular in Munich) he moved, in 1922, to the University of Vienna where he studied under Moritz Schlick, Hans Hahn, Hans Thirring, and Karl Bühler. In the very same year, he wrote an essay on the philosophical significance of Einstein's theory of relativity for which he obtained a prize in a competition (with Schlick, Ernst von Aster and Max von Laue as judges). In 1924, Feigl became one of the co-founders of the Vienna Circle. In 1927, he finished his doctoral dissertation in philosophy on the relationship between chance and law in the natural sciences. Inspired by discussions with Karl Popper and Hans Reichenbach, Feigl, in 1929, published the monograph Theorie und Erfahrung in der Physik. In the same year, he gave a series of lectures at the Bauhaus in Dessau, between which and the Vienna Circle there were interesting parallels in both intellectual outlook and political approach (see Galison 1990). In 1930 Feigl married Maria Kasper, a fellow student at the University of Vienna, and had a son (Eric Feigl).
For reasons of anti-Semitism and occupational hopelessness, Feigl, in 1930, decided to emigrate to the United States. Funded by a Rockefeller Research Fellowship, he first stayed for eight months at Harvard University. Together with Albert E. Blumberg he wrote the programmatic article “Logical Positivism: A New Movement in European Philosophy” (published in the spring of 1931 in the Journal of Philosophy). From 1931 to 1937 Feigl taught as a lecturer and assistant professor at the University of Iowa. In 1937, he was granted US citizenship. From 1938 to 1940 he served as an associate professor at the University of Iowa. Eventually, in 1940, Feigl received a full professorship at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis. There he founded in 1953 the Minnesota Center for the Philosophy of Science which was the first center of that kind in the United States and which is still one of the leading institutions for research in the history and philosophy of science.
Apart from guest professorships in Berkeley (1946 and 1953), at Columbia University (1950) and at the University of Hawaii (1958), Feigl had research stays in Mexico, Australia, and Austria. He was president of the American Philosophical Association and vice president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Among the major works during his time in the United States are writings on methodology, on the scientific realism debate and a couple of contributions to the mind-body problem, the most well-known of which is the essay “The ‘Mental’ and the ‘Physical’” (1958). After his retirement in 1971, Feigl was still active as an organizer of philosophical discussions at his private home. He died of cancer on June 1, 1988, in Minneapolis.
2. Feigl and the Vienna Circle
As already indicated, Feigl was a member of the Vienna Circle from its very beginning. Together with Friedrich Waismann he had suggested to Schlick the formation of an evening discussion group (see Feigl 1981, p. 60). Schlick took over the idea and installed a Thursday evening colloquium in the Vienna Boltzmanngasse 5, the location of the University's Department of Mathematics. Among the co-founders of the Circle were, besides Waismann and Feigl himself, Hans Hahn, Otto Neurath, Olga Hahn-Neurath, Viktor Kraft, Felix Kaufmann, and the mathematician Kurt Reidemeister. It was the latter who proposed the reading and discussion of Ludwig Wittgenstein's Tractatus logico-philosophicus. As Feigl reported in an unpublished interview,
[t]he approximate date of the beginning of the [Vienna Circle] was 1924, but I do not remember whether it was in the spring or in the fall of that year. It was professor Kurt Reidemeister, the mathematician, who proposed the first reading of the Tractatus, and who (together with Hahn, Schlick and Neurath) was most active in that first exegesis. I myself had read the first publication of the Tractatus in Ostwald's Annalen der Naturphilosophie (1922, I believe), but at that time I was a very young student and I dismissed Wittgenstein as a most curios mixture of intuitive genius and schizophrenia. (Quoted from Stadler 1997, p. 233)
However, the reading of Wittgenstein's Tractatus was only one of a number of topics discussed within the Circle. According to Feigl, “about 60 % of our time was devoted to the problems of the foundation of mathematics and the rest to philosophy of science and epistemology” (ibid.). Between 1926 and 1928 it was the reading of (the typescript of) Rudolf Carnap's Der logische Aufbau der Welt which dominated the discussion.
As for Feigl's own development, his doctoral dissertation under Schlick's supervision should be mentioned first. Submitted in July1927, the purpose of this study was to examine the problem of the application of the probability calculus, hence its title “Chance and law: an epistemological analysis of the roles of probability and induction in the natural sciences.” Heavily inspired by Edgar Zilsel's Das Anwendungsproblem (1916), Feigl argued along pragmatic (Humean) lines. His central thesis was that the problem of induction cannot be solved by making recourse to the probability concept. Feigl, thereby criticizing especially the point of view defended by Hans Reichenbach, proposed instead a ‘vindication’ rather than a ‘validation’ of inductive reasoning. Relying on a frequency interpretation of probability, he argued that the limiting value of an infinite sequence can only be inferred inductively, which in turn implied that probability is dependent on induction and not vice versa. Concerning the principle of induction itself, Feigl (like his teacher Schlick) saw no other possibility than to interpret it as a pragmatic (or operational) maxim. On the whole, however, the approach laid down in Feigl's dissertation was, as Feigl himself later conceded (see Feigl 1981, p. 6), severely limited by its neglect of the simultaneous rise and development of quantum mechanics.
It was in the 1929 book Theorie und Erfahrung in der Physik that Feigl reflected on the philosophical significance of quantum mechanics. In addition he elaborated on the more general issues of scientific explanation and the hypothetico-deductive method in theory construction, thereby informally anticipating ideas later developed in more detail by Karl Popper and especially by Carl Gustav Hempel. On the programmatic level, Feigl criticized both Kantianism and conventionalism and argued, positively, for a ‘critical realist’ approach to the relationship of theory and experience in physics. The book, which received favorable reactions by practicing physicists such as Albert Einstein and Wolfgang Pauli, was Feigl's only book in German language (and his only monograph at all). Its exposed position with respect to programmatic outlook Feigl retrospectively described as follows:
Although I had been in the ‘loyal opposition’ in regard to the positivism of the Vienna Circle, I had a hard time maintaining against them the sort of critical realism that I had originally learned to adopt from Schlick's own early work […]. Under the influence of Carnap and the early Wittgenstein, Schlick and Waismann were converted to a sort of phenomenalistic positivism during the middle twenties. Their brilliant and powerful arguments overwhelmed me temporarily. But encouraged and buttressed by the support of Popper, Reichenbach, and Zilsel, I regained confidence in my earlier realism and developed it in my first book on Theorie und Erfahrung in der Physik […]. (Feigl 1981, pp. 9–10)
That Schlick was converted to “phenomenalistic positivism” might be contested (see Geymonat 1985); but, beyond the shadow of a doubt, Feigl's realistic reconstruction of the theories of physics had a minority status within the Vienna Circle. After his emigration to the United States, Feigl devoted much of his work to developing a stable realist stance.
3. Logical Empiricism and Scientific Realism
It is commonly supposed that logical empiricism and scientific realism are systematically at odds. However, Feigl's diverse contributions to the scientific realism debate just suggest the opposite: Influenced by the early ‘critical’ realism of his teacher Schlick, Feigl (like Reichenbach and Eino Kaila) argued in terms of a reconciliation of both positions, that is, he attempted to combine logical empiricist methods with a scientific realist account of theoretically postulated entities (see, in this connection, also Neuber 2012, esp. pp. 45–51).
To begin with, in their 1931 article “Logical Positivism: A New Movement in European Philosophy,” Feigl and Blumberg presented the logical positivist approach as the synthesis of two “significant traditions” (Feigl/Blumberg 1931, p. 281): the classical “positivistic-empirical” current in European philosophy, and the development of modern (mathematical) logic. The most characteristic feature of the emerging “new movement” was, according to Feigl and Blumberg, its conception of the propositions of metaphysics as “meaningless” (ibid., p. 282). This diagnosis also pertained to Kant's account of synthetic a priori judgments, the existence of which was explicitly contested. However, it must be seen that Feigl never went as far as to reject the analytic/synthetic distinction as such. As he later argued against Quine, “[t]he revolt against the dualism of the analytic and the synthetic rests on a confusion of the logical analysis of (artificially fixed) languages with the historical investigation of (growing, shifting natural) languages” (Feigl 1956, p. 7–8). Thus, in the logical positivist account, analytic propositions had to be sharply distinguished from synthetic propositions. Whereas the latter had their place in experience and experiential science, the former belonged to logic and mathematics. More precisely, Feigl and Blumberg agreed with Wittgenstein that logic, by its very nature, is purely tautological. It has nothing to do with experience, but only with the internal structure of language. Here, they saw the principle advantage over previous, traditional, empiricist accounts of logic and mathematics. Moreover, Feigl and Blumberg maintained that even the concepts of the empirical sciences are such as can be subject to a purely formal, logical, reconstruction. Relying on a principled distinction between “knowledge proper” (Erkenntnis) and objectivity, on the one hand, and “immediate experience” (Erlebnis) and subjectivity, on the other, they referred the reader to Carnap's Der logische Aufbau der Welt, thereby implying that a constitution of empirical concepts from a single primitive relation, namely that of “Ähnlichkeitserinnerung”, by “purely logical operations” (Feigl/Blumberg 1931, p. 286) was at least in sight. The essential point in this connection was that the propositions of empirical science were supposed to be translatable into a series of propositions which exclusively referred to structural features of experience, but not to the experientally given itself (which was conceived of as completely subjective and thus ‘private’). It was therefore structure which stood in the focus of the respective reconstruction of empirical knowledge. Knowledge, according to Feigl and Blumberg, is to be defined as “the communicable” (ibid.) and “[w]hat knowledge communicates is structure […].” (ibid.)
It was just a few years later that Feigl—rather significantly—modified his point of view. Or, as he himself reports:
Having stereotyped myself (in the notorious fanfare article written in collaboration with A. E. Blumberg […]), as a ‘logical positivist,’ the label has stuck to me ever since. As early as 1935, however, I abandoned the label […] and availed myself of the alias ‘logical empiricist.’ This was triggered by a remark of a French philosopher at the International Congress for the Unity of Science in Paris (1935). He burst out at me: ‘Les positivists, ce sont des idiots!’ (Feigl 1981, p. 38)
The programmatic impact of the distinction drawn here by Feigl between ‘logical positivism’ and ‘logical empiricism’ might be doubted (see Uebel 2013). However, in order to adequately understand the line of Feigl's philosophical development, the distinction is quite apt. Thus, in the first instance, it was the liberalization of the logical positivist criterion of meaning which caused a shift in Feigl's general philosophical outlook. According to the early, logical positivist, conceptions of language and science, the meaning of a proposition must be anchored in observable facts. More precisely, the meaning of a given proposition is entirely exhausted by its verification on a purely observational basis. Yet it turned out, as a major consequence of the Vienna Circle's protocol-sentence debate (see Uebel 2007), that this criterion was far too strict. Direct verifiability was (by Carnap, Hempel, and others) substituted through weaker criteria such as (at least indirect) testability (see Carnap 1936/37) or confirmability and disconfirmability (see Hempel 1935; 1945; 1950a). Nevertheless, the logical positivists' rejection of metaphysics remained quintessentially intact. As Feigl points out in a paper titled “Scientific Method without Metaphysical Presuppositions” (1954), there are two senses in which the term ‘metaphysics’ appears objectionable also from the liberalized, logical empiricist, perspective; namely a) the assertion of transcendent, i.e., in principle untestable statements, and b) the belief in factual truths that could be validated a prioiri, i.e., in complete independence of the data of observation. In both cases, the realm of the meaningful is distinguished from these two objectionable regions.
Another, systematically more far-reaching aspect of Feigl's (self-ascribed) shift from logical positivism to logical empiricism was his increasingly explicit embrace of a ‘realist’ approach to science and scientific theory construction. In Feigl's own words:
Perhaps the most important and constructive aspect in the transition to Logical Empiricism was the element of empirical or scientific realism that became increasingly prominent in our views. Reichenbach and I had already opposed the phenomenalistic reduction during the twenties. In this regard we were closer to the views of Zilsel and Popper. We regretted that Schlick had abandoned his early critical realism, and we tried to reinstate it in a more defensible form. (Feigl 1981, p. 80)
It was as early as 1935 that Feigl, at the above quoted International Congress for the Unity of Science in Paris, gave a talk on “Sense and Nonsense in Scientific Realism” (see Feigl 1936; further Neuber 2011, p. 169). In 1943, then, he published a paper titled “Logical Empiricism.” There, he argued that the term ‘real’ is employed with good reason (both in daily life and in science) to designate “that which is located in space-time and which is a link in the chains of causal relations” (Feigl 1949, p. 16). In this sense, the reality of atoms (and other theoretically postulated entities) is equally capable of empirical test as the reality of rocks and trees. Accordingly, reality should be ascribed to whatever is confirmed as having a place in the spatiotemporal-causal system. After all, this—realistically inspired—point of view directly emerged from the liberalization of the logical empiricists' criterion of meaning. It was indeed the result of the insight that “most of our knowledge, and especially almost all of the more interesting and important part of it, is highly indirect. It is shot through with interpretation, construction, and inference, and consequently is dependent on very general assumptions” (ibid., p. 14).
However, Feigl's mature conception of a synthesis of scientific realism and logical empiricism is to be found in his 1950 article “Existential Hypotheses” (published in Philosophy of Science). There, it was semantics which served as the vehicle for Feigl's promotion of the realist project. By ‘semantics,’ Feigl meant (in a nutshell) the formal scrutiny of reference and truth (see Feigl 1950a, p. 36). As such, it had nothing to do with the concrete methods of testing hypotheses. Rather, “semantic realism,” as Feigl pointed out at another place, “is concerned only with the most abstract and formal features of the semiotic situation” (1950b, p. 192). This implied, in particular, that a) reference must be sharply distinguished from evidence, and that b) truth must be sharply distinguished from verification. It was on this basis that Feigl saw himself in a position to avoid “the reductive fallacies of phenomenalism” (1950a, p. 35). By the “reductive fallacies of phenomenalism,” he meant the logical constructionist accounts of Bertrand Russell (1914) and the early Carnap (1928). In Russell's and Carnap's view, the theoretical statements of the empirical sciences were, at least according to Feigl, “considered as translatable into statements concerning the data of direct experience” (1950a, p. 35). This conception was, in Feigl's eyes, “fallacious” because the assumption of complete translatability was, he thought, semantically misguided. Theoretical sentences should be invested with what Feigl called their (so to say ‘untranslatable’) “surplus meaning.” This surplus meaning he considered to consist in the “factual reference” of theoretical terms (ibid., p. 48). More concretely, Feigl was convinced that terms like ‘atom,’ ‘force,’ or ‘electromagnetic field’ cannot be reduced to purely observational terms describing our direct experiences. Rather, theoretical terms were supposed to refer to unobservable, mind-independent entities, so that, for example, the referent of the term ‘atom’ would be real atoms and not samples of ‘logical constructions’ out of sense data (or other kinds of directly perceivable things). Therefore, Feigl urged that “we must distinguish between the radical empiricist's meaning of ‘meaning’ (i.e., epistemic reduction) and another, more common-sensical meaning of ‘meaning’ (factual reference)” (ibid., p. 49).
It has (very aptly) been remarked that Feigl's “semantic realism is an anti-reductive position” (Psillos 1999, p. 12). It is anti-reductive insofar as the theoretical language of science is claimed to be autonomous in relation to the observational evidence base. Consequently, the mind-independence of the ‘factual referents’ of theoretical terms seems to be secured by the very reference relation itself: the existence of theoretical entities like atoms is obviously implied by the independent reference of theoretical terms like ‘atom.’
Moreover, Feigl's account of factual reference is intimately linked with the concept of truth. In general, the meaning of a sentence consists, according to the theory proposed by Feigl, in its truth conditions (see Feigl 1950b, p. 191 and Feigl 1981, p. 43). These truth conditions, in turn, are treated compositionally: they obtain when the entities to which we refer stand in the relations to which we refer, that is, independently of the conditions of the corresponding scenario of verification. Accordingly, relations between the ‘factual referents’ of theoretical terms serve as ‘truth makers’ for theoretical statements. Feigl therefore concludes that by adopting a “semantic metalanguage” (as he could find it in the works of Tarski and the later Carnap) we are in a position to employ “a conceptual model in which statements as well as the states of affairs that render these statements true, can be represented” (Feigl 1950a, p. 49).
Still, there is an important qualification in Feigl's account of realism. This qualification has to do with the fact that Feigl takes pains to separate his own semantic-scientific realism from traditional metaphysical realism. By metaphysical realism, Feigl means all attempts to systematically employ “transcendent, i.e., in principle untestable, assertions” (Feigl 1956, p. 22). By his own account, however, the testability or confirmability of an assertion is the crucial criterion for its being meaningful. Feigl writes:
No concrete existential hypothesis of ordinary life or of science is factually meaningful unless it is confirmable. The essential requirement of empiricism is thus safeguarded. But the very adoption of the confirmability criterion (in preference to the narrower verifiability criterion) allows as much realism as we are ever likely to warrant. (1950a, pp. 50–51)
And at another place, he comments:
Semantic realism as I should like to see it understood, is free from the dangers of metaphysics precisely because it does not prescribe anything at all about the nature of the designata of our theoretical constructs. […] Things are and will always be—as far as we can meaningfully talk about them—what they are confirmably knowable as; and it is up to the advance of science, not to logical and semiotic analysis, to tell us what things are “really” like. But it is the task of logical analysis to tell us by means of what rules of our language we describe the objects of our knowledge, and […] what we mean by the surplus of the knowable over the known. (1950b, p. 192)
It should be noted that this passage is quoted from Feigl's reply to criticisms brought forward by his logical empiricist colleagues Philipp Frank, Carl Gustav Hempel, and Ernest Nagel (the context being a symposium on Feigl's “Existential Hypotheses”). Hempel, for instance, had argued that the notion of the reference of theoretical terms is “unnecessary” because it “can be eliminated, by means of Feigl's own criterion of factual reference” (Hempel 1950b, p. 173), namely the systematic interconnections between theoretical statements on the one hand and observations sentences on the other. In a similar vein, Frank had objected that “after the introduction of the truth conditions a statement in the language of ‘semantical realism’ can no longer be distinguished from a statement in the language of ‘syntactical positivism’” (Frank 1950, p. 167). Quite the same was brought forward by Nagel who argued that by heavily relying on confirmability Feigl completely remains within the ‘received’ logical positivist agenda, so that his talk of ‘realism’ should be regarded as devoid of any distinctive character. According to Nagel, “Feigl is pressing for a distinction without a difference” (Nagel 1950, p. 179).
In order to counter these objections one would have to show how semantics (i.e., Feigl's theory of reference and truth) and epistemology (i.e., Feigl's insistence on confirmability) are related to each other. There is some evidence that Feigl's adoption of Wilfrid Sellars's idea of a ‘pure pragmatics’ (see Feigl 1950a, pp. 49–50; 1981, pp. 254–255) could play the essential role in this connection. However, Sellars's conception of a ‘pure pragmatics’ is itself rather “eccentric” (Carus 2004, p. 320) and it is fairly hard to see how, according to Feigl, a realist approach to science could be defended on the basis of an essentially pragmatic justification (for further details, see Neuber 2011, esp. pp. 175–176).
4. Analysis of the Mind-Body Problem
Feigl's treatment of the mind-body problem is his probably best well-known—and at the same time most controversial—contribution to philosophy. It is often lumped together with the views of U.T. Place, J.J.C. Smart, D.M. Armstrong, and other Australian, ‘materialist,’ philosophers (see, for example Kim 1998, pp. 1–2). Indeed, both Feigl's and the Australians' approach toward the mind-body problem share a number of similarities. On the whole, they are both versions of a non-dualistic (anti-Cartesian), physicalistically inspired ‘identity theory.’ However, there are significant differences between the Austrian (i.e. Feigl's) and the Australian version or the identity theory (see Stubenberg 1997). Whereas the Australians take the physical as unproblematic and attempt to reduce the mental to the physical, Feigl takes the mental as unproblematic and attempts to integrate it into a sophisticated physicalistic conception of the world.
It is important to note that Feigl's version of the identity theory is not without precursors. It has even been argued that “[s]een” (Heidelberger 2003, p. 234). This might be exaggerated, but it can hardly be contested that Feigl, in his treatment of the mind-body problem, was (again) committed to the critical realist accounts of Alois Riehl (cf. Riehl 1879, 1881, 1887; further Röd 2001) and especially of the early (pre-Viennese) Schlick (see). As Feigl himself frequently pointed out, it was the early Schlick's “double-knowledge” or “double-language” theory that exerted the greatest influence upon his own approach (see, for example, Feigl 1981, p. 288). In a nutshell, Schlick, in his General Theory of Knowledge (1918; 1925), had argued that the difference of the mental and the physical is a difference between two conceptual systems and not a difference between two areas of reality. It was, in other words, an epistemological rather than a metaphysical problem (cf. Schlick 1974, p. 300). According to Schlick, the “relation between immediately experienced reality and the physical brain processes is […] no longer one of causal dependency but of simple identity. What we have is one and the same reality, not ‘viewed from two different sides’ or ‘manifesting itself in two different forms’, but designated by two different conceptual systems, the psychological and the physical” (ibid., p. 299). It was this very line of thought that confirmed Feigl in his conviction that “the mind-body problem is not a pseudoproblem” (Feigl 1981, p. 349).
The essential question to be answered by an elaborated identity theory is, in Feigl's view, the following: “[H]ow are the raw feels related to behavioral (or neurophysiological) states?” (1967, p. 5) By posing the question that way, Feigl excludes a reductive solution to the mind-body problem. More precisely, he dissociates himself from the “reductive fallacies” (1981, p. 16) of eliminative materialism and of radical behaviorism. On the other hand, however, Feigl is eager to demarcate his own position from overtly—metaphysically inspired—dualistic conceptions, such as parallelism or epiphenomenalism. He explicitly opts for a “monistic solution” (ibid., p. 298), arguing that the dualistic position would lead to an ungrounded “duplication of realities” (1967, p. 94), whereas the—scientifically well-established—principle of parsimony “does oppose the operationistic predilection for speaking of two (or more) concepts if the evidential facts, though completely correlated, are qualitatively heterogeneous” (ibid.)
On the constructive side, Feigl's solution to the mind-body problem might indeed be regarded as a direct continuation of the earlier ‘double-language’ conception presented by Schlick. Like in the case of the realism issue, Feigl attempts at a semantically more sophisticated revision of the original Schlickian point of view. One can even go further and say that it is the very same terminology which is employed by Feigl in this connection. Thus, just like in the case of realism, Feigl categorically distinguishes the evidential (or confirmatory) basis from the factual reference (or content) of the respective knowledge claims. Feigl writes:
The central core of the proposed solution rests upon the distinction between evidence and reference. No matter what indirect (behavioral) evidence we use for the ascription of mental states, the mental state ascribed is not to be confused with the evidence which only leads support for the ascription. (Feigl 1967, p. 99)
Accordingly, it is mental states which are to be regarded as the referents of both psychological and physical terms. More precisely, Feigl assumes that, in the case of psychological terms, evidence is derived from (direct) knowledge by acquaintance, whereas in the case of physical (neurophysiological) terms evidence is derived from (indirect) knowledge by description (see Feigl 1967, p. 94). Yet, the referent is in both cases the same, so that we have a relation of ‘referential identity,’ as in the context of Gottlob Frege's example of the terms ‘morning star’ and ‘evening star’ that differ in sense (Sinn), but not in reference (Bedeutung), which in both cases is identical, namely Venus (see, for this analogy, Feigl 1981, pp. 346–347). Consequently, we have two kinds of evidence for one and the same type of events. It is for this reason that Feigl's identity theory is committed to a dualism at the evidential basis. Or, as Feigl puts it in “The ‘Mental’ and the ‘Physical’”:
[W]hat is had-in-experience, and (in the case of human beings) knowable by acquaintance, is identical with the object of knowledge by description provided first by molar behavior theory and this in turn is identical with what the science of neurophysiology describes (or, rather, will describe when sufficient progress has been achieved) as processes in the central nervous system, perhaps especially in the cerebral cortex. In its basic core this is the “double knowledge” theory held by many modern monistic critical realists. (1967, p. 79)
In the footnote attached to this passage, Feigl refers the reader to the views of Riehl, Schlick, Russell, and Roy Wood Sellars (among others); and he then continues:
This view does not have the disadvantage of the Spinozistic doctrine of the unknown or unknowable third of which the mental and the physical are aspects. The “mental” states or events (in the sense of raw feels) are the referents (denotata) of the phenomenal terms of the language of introspection, as well as of certain terms of the neurophysiological language. For this reason I have in previous publications called my view a “double-language theory.” (ibid., pp. 79–80)
There are two peculiarities to be noticed in Feigl's version of the double-language theory. First, it must be seen that qualia (raw feels) are, for Feigl, the—epistemologically—basic reality. On his conception, we have privileged access to this basic reality, so that (as Feigl points out in the postscript to “The ‘Mental’ and the ‘Physical’”) the “egocentric account” (ibid., p. 155) must be regarded as the most immediate mode of getting into contact with reality, whereas “all scientific accounts […] deal with Being only indirectly and structurally” (ibid.; see also Feigl 1981, pp. 17 and 351). The privileged access to qualia (such as seeing red, feeling pain, etc.) is, according to Feigl, accompanied by the use of indexical terms (such as “here”, “now”, “I”, etc.) that in turn form part of a “private” (egocentric) language and which are systematically analyzed in the context of the metalinguistic discipline of pure pragmatics (see Feigl 1967, p. 147). Thus, in Feigl's view, “I must be able to know (by ‘acquaintance’) some phenomenal qualities and relations (redness, between-ness, etc.) in order to ‘hook’ (i.e. connect) my private language to the intersubjective language of science” (ibid.). At the same time, he sees no problem in describing private mental states by intersubjective scientific (neurophysiological) terms. “Privacy,” Feigl writes, “is capable of public (intersubjective) description, and the objects of intersubjective science can be evidenced by data of private experience” (ibid., p. 81). After all, Feigl is convinced of the “indispensability of a subjectivistically understood conception of immediate (first person) experience” (Feigl 1981, p. 353), which, on the one hand, entails a clear rejection of Ludwig Wittgenstein's arguments against the possibility of a private language (see Feigl 1981, p. 355), and, on the other hand, marks a significant contrast to the Australians' strategy of ‘explaining away’ the phenomenal properties of mental states (see, in this connection, Stubenberg 1997, pp. 135–136). The possible objection that Feigl, by epistemologically privileging qualia, runs into the trap of panpsychism can be countered by the argument that all reality is, in fact, “at bottom qualitative” (Stubenberg 1997, p. 143). Thus, not only mental states, but also the diverse physical magnitudes (like mass, pressure, gravitational field intensity, etc.) are distinguishable only by their qualitative peculiarities (see Feigl 1967, pp. 43–44; see further Schlick 1974, pp. 283–285). But this does not imply that all reality is, like panpsychism would have it, intrinsically psychic. Qualia form part of reality, but reality comprises more than only qualia. The point is that qualia (raw feels) are, for Feigl, epistemologically privileged as compared to ordinary objects and the entities posited by science. “Reference to one's own immediate experience,” Feigl (in an overtly Schlickian manner) writes, “is the (epistemological) prototype of all designations of objects, properties or relations by the words of our language” (1981, p. 355).
The second point to be noticed is that, according to Feigl's version of the identity theory, the mode of ascertainment of the identity of the mental (raw feels) and the physical (neural processes) is empirical in character. Had Feigl in his first publication on the mind-body problem in 1934 assumed that the relationship between the mental and the physical is that of a logical identity (thereby implying that the language of psychology can be fully translated into the language of physics, viz. neurophysiology), he, in his later writings, no longer conceived of that identity as a logically necessary, but as an empirical (contingent) kind of identity. This meant, in the first place, that the corroboration of the philosophically outlined monism had to be provided, not by philosophical analysis again, but by the factual sciences themselves. “On the whole,” Feigl concluded:
I should think, the available evidence points with remarkable consistency in the direction of a system of psychology, psycho-physics and psychophysiology which provides for the monistic solution here outlined. But this is the empirical, the factual issue which philosophical analysis cannot decide and should not prejudge. (Feigl 1981, p. 298)
The sort of modesty displayed in passages like the above is very characteristic of Feigl's way of thinking. Just as in his discussion of the realism issue, he leaves it to the factual sciences to judge about the adequacy of his preferred philosophical position. His methodological outlook can therefore be characterized as “metascientific” (rather than metaphysical), in the sense that “a comprehensive reflection on the results of science as well as on the logic and epistemology of scientific method” (ibid., p. 349) is aspired to. However, the decision between global philosophical stances, like realism and phenomenalism or, as concerns the mind-body problem, monism and dualism cannot be decided by empirical means, but only by a “pragmatic justification” (ibid., p. 294). In the case of the identity theory, this pragmatic justification is, as has been pointed out before, guided by the principle of parsimony.
Feigl's approach to the mind-body problem became subject of extended controversy. While some authors directly contested the identity thesis as such (see, for example, Abelson 1970 and Epstein 1973; further the replies in Grünbaum 1972 and Nathanson 1972), others urged that Feigl should clarify his conception of the relation of phenomenal predicates and “raw feels.” Especially Feigl's Minnesota collaborator Paul Meehl argued along these lines, claiming that the main problem with Feigl's view stems from semantics (see Meehl 1966; further Aune 1966). On the whole, it can be said that identity theory was discussed from various philosophical perspectives. That Feigl left a considerable legacy can hardly be denied in this connection.
5. Writings on Value Judgment, Humanism, and Religion
Feigl's writings on practical issues like ethics, humanism, and religion are rather less well known. Still, they are worth considering, especially since they contain some interesting applications and extensions of the logical empiricist agenda. The all-embracing idea, though, came from the eighteenth century: According to Feigl, “a new age of enlightenment, scientific as well as ethical, is our most imperative need” (1981, p. 406). Therefore, “[t]he straightforward spirit of eighteenth-century Enlightenment (e.g. Hume, Kant) needs reviving and ‘updating’” (1981, p. 399). The programmatic frame for this ‘updating’ Feigl labeled “scientific humanism” (ibid., pp. 368, 405, 408, 418)—by which he understood the attempt at a “synthesis of the scientific attitude with an active interest in the whole scale of human values” (ibid., p. 368). It was this conception within which he theorized about the relationships between ethics and logic and between religion and empirical science.
As concerns the relationship between ethics and logic, Feigl draws a principled distinction between two kinds of justification: “vindication” and “validation” (see Feigl 1981, pp. 14, 256–260, 385). While validation “involves reliance upon the principles of logic” (ibid., p. 245), vindication has to do with the pragmatics of evaluating certain types of behavior with respect to certain ends. Thus the latter, pragmatic, form of justification may be called ‘justificatio actionis,’ whereas the former, logical, form of justification may be called ‘justificatio cognitionis’ (see ibid., p. 385). Feigl's point, then, is to show that specific ethical norms are capable of being validated, but that general ethical principles (and the respective ethical systems) are only capable of being vindicated. Feigl writes:. (1981, p. 386)
Two things should be noted here. First, in contrast to other logical empiricist accounts of ethics (for example, in the fist place, A.J. Ayer's), Feigl's conception is, as has been argued (see Kellerwessel 2010), committed to a certain form of cognitivism. That means that “moral judgments are to be reconstructed as knowledge-claims and as subject to validation (or invalidation) by virtue of their accordance (or non-accordance) with the supreme norms of a given ethical system” (Feigl 1981, p. 388). Accordingly, within such a given ethical system, moral reasoning can be justified by the “rules of deductive and inductive inference” (ibid., p. 385) and thus be reconstructed along cognitive, i.e. rational, lines. However, secondly, the respective ethical system (and its “supreme norms”) itself can only be vindicated by pragmatic maxims. Thus, Feigl allows the possibility of a “pragmatic justification of the adoption of an alternative frame” (ibid., p. 386), thereby implying that there exists a plurality of alternative ethical systems. It is interesting to see that Feigl refers the reader here to Carnap's distinction between “internal” and “external” questions in his 1950 “Empiricism, Semantics, and Ontology” (see Feigl 1981, p. 391, Fn. 3; see further Feigl 1981, pp. 13–14). Indeed, there is a deep analogy between this distinction drawn by Carnap and Feigl's distinction between the validation within an ethical system and the vindication of the ethical system (and its supreme norms) itself. Furthermore, it can be stated that Feigl, in his pragmatic argument for scientific realism, was also inspired by Carnap's distinction and its relativization of the ontological dimension (see, for further details, Neuber 2011, p. 179).
On the whole, scientific humanism is designed to avoid the extremes. It qualifies, according to Feigl, as “a tenable middle ground between the relativists and the absolutists in morals” (1981, p. 417). In contrast to relativism, it is assumed that certain basic human values, such as justice, fairness or equality, are universally applicable. However, in contrast to (for instance, Kantian) absolutism, it is at the same time assumed that those values are related to human interests and thus empirically variable. They “may have come out of the natural development of human beings in the social context” (ibid., p. 420), and they can only be justified pragmatically (by way of vindication). But, Feigl maintains, that does not make them arbitrary: “If we dig deeper into human nature we find that in some social contexts certain moral ideals inevitably work themselves out” (ibid., p. 418). In the “age of scientific enlightenment” (ibid., p. 420) an ethically disinterested or even cynical view of the world is therefore out of place: “Psychology points in the direction of human needs and interests that must be satisfied. And in the social context, certain traffic rules simply have to be obeyed if we are to survive as a society. Thus we have ideals of justice and equality.” (ibid.)
Feigl's broadly naturalistic view of human beings and the world, together with the (liberalized) logical empiricist criterion of meaning, entails a constructive but at the same time critical approach toward religion. To be sure, Feigl did not deny the existence of religious experiences (see, for example, Feigl 1981, 399–400). But he did not “see […] the slightest reason for accepting any sort of theology” (ibid., p. 399). Although some of the dogmas of theology were seen by Feigl as “perfectly meaningful” (ibid., p. 13), he conceived of them as being false (or as being extremely unlikely). The option of a “demythologized” (or modernized) theology is, Feigl further maintained, “no longer a theology at all; it reduces to a moral message, formulated by the use of allegorical, but essentially exhorting, consoling, edifying, or fortifying language” (ibid., p. 406). By accepting scientific humanism, on the other hand, we are, according to Feigl, in a position to “adopt an ethics without supernatural foundation or supernatural sanctions” (ibid., p. 405). Religious experiences, in turn, are then explainable in purely naturalistic terms. They do not serve as the basis of scientific or everyday explanation of human behavior. Rather, they are themselves subject of scientific explanation. Or, in Feigl's own words:
[W]e do not need the theistic kind of reasoning in order to account for the phenomenon of religious experience. The influence of the cultural and moral traditions as well as psychology can provide a very plausible naturalistic explanation of religious experience. As Voltaire once put it, if God didn't exist, he would have to be invented. (ibid., pp. 415–415)
6. Feigl and Twentieth-Century Analytical Philosophy
Feigl's role in the development of twentieth-century analytical philosophy is not to be underrated. His 1950 article on “Existential Hypotheses” can, as has been argued (cf. Neuber 2011), be regarded as a ground-breaking contribution to the debate over scientific realism within the analytical tradition. In particular his focusing on the semantic notions of reference and truth turned out as instructive for the following development, as it is represented in the (programmatically diverse) writings of Richard Boyd, Larry Laudan, and specifically Hilary Putnam. In recent times, the attempt has been made to revive Feigl's point of view by systematically exploiting the idea of “choosing the realist framework” (see Psillos 2011). Similarly, Feigl's analysis of the mind-body problem exerted remarkable influence on the philosophical discourse of the second half of the twentieth century. Thus, according to Jaegwon Kim, “it was the papers by Smart and Feigl that introduced the mind-body problem as mainstream metaphysical Problematik of analytical philosophy, and launched the debate that has continued to this day” (Kim 1998, p. 1). To be sure, alternative approaches, such as Putnam's ‘functionalism’ or Donald Davidson's ‘anomalous monism’ came up quite early in the discussion. Nevertheless, Feigl's (and Smart's) account “helped set basic parameters and constraints for the debates that were to come—a set of broadly physicalist assumptions and aspirations that still guide and constrain our thinking today” (ibid., p. 2)
Besides these contributions to the theoretical discourse, Feigl played an important role at the institutional level. He not only founded and headed the Minnesota Center for Philosophy of Science, but he also, in 1949, founded and co-edited the (still existing) journal Philosophical Studies and, in 1956, the series Minnesota Studies in the Philosophy of Science. Moreover, he edited such standard setting volumes as Readings in Philosophical Analysis (1949, together with Wilfrid Sellars) and Readings in the Philosophy of Science (1953, together with May Brodbeck). Furthermore, it should be emphasized that Feigl, together with Paul Meehl, energetically promoted the revalorization of psychology as a serious academic discipline. The Minnesota Center was an extremely influential forum in this connection (for further details, see Smith 1986).
Being a scientific philosopher par excellence, Feigl once declared:
[T]here is no sharp line of demarcation between (good) science and (clearheaded) philosophy. Every major scientific advance involves revisions of our conceptual frameworks; and doing philosophy in our days and age without regard to the problems and results of the sciences is—to put it mildly—intellectually unprofitable, if not irresponsible. (1967, p. 137)
This diagnosis, though provocative, is still accurate today.
Bibliography
Primary Literature: Selected Works by Feigl
A fuller bibliography can be found in Feigl 1981.
- 1927, Zufall und Gesetz, in Wissenschaftlicher Jahresbericht der Philosophischen Gesellschaft zu Wien, Wien: Verlag der Philosophischen Gesellschaft an der Universität zu Wien.
- 1929, Theorie und Erfahrung in der Physik, Karlsruhe: G. Braun.
- 1931, [with Albert E. Blumberg] “Logical Positivism: A New Movement in European Philosophy”, The Journal of Philosophy, 17: 281–296.
- 1934, “The Logical Analysis of the Psycho-Physical Problem”, Philosophy of Science, 1: 420–445.
- 1936, “Sense and Nonsense in Scientific Realism”, in Langage et pseudo-problèmes (Actes du Congrès international de philosophie scientifique: Volume 3), Paris: Hermann, pp. 50–56.
- 1939, “Moritz Schlick”, Erkenntnis, 7: 393–419.
- 1943, “Logical Empiricism”, in D.D. Runes (ed.), Twentieth Century Philosophy, New York: Philosophical Library, pp. 371–416. Reprinted in Feigl and Sellars (1949), pp. 3–26.
- 1949, [co-edited with Wilfrid Sellars] Readings in Philosophical Analysis, New York: Appleton-Century-Crofts.
- 1950a, “Existential Hypotheses: Realistic versus Phenomenalistic Interpretations”, Philosophy of Science, 17: 35–62. Reprinted in Feigl (1981), pp. 192–223
- 1950b, “Logical reconstruction, Realism and Pure Semiotic”, Philosophy of Science, 17: 186–195. Reprinted in Feigl (1981), pp. 224–236
- 1950c, “De Principiis non Disputandum …? On the Meaning and the Limits of Justification”, in: M. Black (ed.), Philosophical Analysis, New York: Cornell University Press, pp. 119–156. Reprinted in Feigl (1981), pp. 237–268.
- 1950d, “The Mind-Body Problem in the Development of Logical Empiricism”, Revue Internationale de Philosophie, 4: 64–83. Reprinted in Feigl (1981), pp. 286–301.
- 1951, “Confirmability and Confirmation”, in Revue International de Philosophie, 5: 268–279.
- 1952, “Vaildation and Vindication: An Analysis of the Nature and the Limits of Ethical Arguments”, in: W. Sellars and J. Hospers (eds.), Readings in Ethical Theory, New York: Appleton-Century-Crofts, pp. 667-680. Reprinted in Feigl (1981), pp. 378–392.
- 1953, [co-edited with May Brodbeck] Readings in the Philosophy of Science, New York: Appleton-Century-Crofts.
- 1954, “Scientific Method without Metaphysical Presuppositions”, Philosophical Studies, 5: 17–31. Reprinted in Feigl (1981), pp. 95–106.
- 1956, “Some Major Issues and Developments in the Philosophy of Science of Logical Empiricism”, in H. Feigl and M. Scriven (eds.), The Foundations of Science and the Concepts of Psychology and Psychoanalysis (Minnesota Studies in the Philosophy of Science: Volume 1), Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, pp. 3–37.
- 1957, “Empiricism versus Theology”, in A. Pap and P. Edwards (eds.), A Modern Introduction to Philosophy, Glencoe, Illinois: The Free Press, pp. 533–538.
- 1960, “Mind-Body, Not a Pseudoproblem”, in S. Hook (ed.), Dimensions of Mind, New York: New York University Press, pp. 24–36. Reprinted in Feigl (1981), pp. 342–350.
- 1963a, “Physicalism, Unity of Science and the Foundations of Psychology”, in P.A. Schilpp (ed.), The Philosophy of Rudolf Carnap (The Library of Living Philosopher: Volume XI), La Salle, Illinois: Open Court, pp. 227–267. Reprinted in Feigl (1981), pp. 302–341.
- 1963b, “Modernized Theology and the Scientific Outlook”, in The Humanist, 23: 74–80.
- 1966, “Is Science Relevant to Theology?”, in Zygon, 1: 191–199. Reprinted in Feigl (1981), pp. 399–407.
- 1967, The “Mental” and the “Physical”: The Essay and a Postscript, Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press.
- 1969a, “The Wiener Kreis in America”, in D. Fleming and B. Bailyn (eds.), The Intellectual Migration 1930–1960, Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard University Press, pp. 630–673. Reprinted in Feigl (1981), pp. 57–94.
- 1969b, “Ethics, Religion and Scientific Humanism”, in P. Kurtz (ed.), Moral Problems in Contemporary Society, Englewood Cliffs, N.J.: Prentice-Hall, pp. 48–64. Reprinted in Feigl (1981), pp. 408–421.
- 1970, “Memorial Minute: Rudolf Carnap”, in Proceedings and Addresses of the American Philosphial Association, 44: 204–205.
- 1971, “Homage to Rudolf Carnap”, in R.C. Buck and R.S. Cohen (eds.), in Proceedings of the Philosophy of Science Association, Biennial Meeting, 1970 (Boston Studies in the Philosophy of Science: Volume VIII), pp. xi-xv.
- 1972, [co-edited with Wilfrid Sellars and Keith Lehrer] New Readings in Philosophical Analysis, New York: Appleton-Century-Crofts.
- 1973, “Positivism in the 20th Century (Logical Empiricism)”, in P.P. Wiener (ed.), Dictionary of the History of Ideas (Volume 3), New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, pp. 545–551
- 1974, “No Pot of Message”, in: P. Bertocci (ed.), Mind-Twentieth Century Philosophy: Personal Statements, New York: Humanities Press, pp. 1–20.
- 1975, “Russell and Schlick: A Remarkable Agreement on a Monistic Solution of the Mind-Body Problem”, Erkenntnis, 9: 11–34.
- 1978, “Positivism and Logical Empiricism”, Encyclopedia Britannica, 15th edition, Chicago: Encyclopaedia Britannica, Inc.
- 1981, Inquiries and Provocations: Selected Writings, 1927–1974, Robert S. Cohen (ed.), Dordrecht, Boston, London: Reidel.
Secondary Literature
- Abelson, S.L., 1970, “A Refutation of Mind-Body Identity”, Philosophical Studies, 18: 85–90.
- Aune, B., 1966, “Feigl on the Mind-Body Problem”, in: Feyerabend and Feigl (1966), pp. 17–39.
- Carnap, R., 1928, Der logische Aufbau der Welt, Berlin: Weltkreis.
- –––, 1936/37, “Testability and Meaning” (Parts 1 and 2), Philosophy of Science, 3: 419–91; 4: 1–40.
- Carus, A.W., 2004, “Sellars, Carnap, and the Logical Space of Reasons”, in S. Awodey and C. Klein (eds.), Carnap Brought Home: The View from Jena, La Salle, Illinois: Open Court, pp. 317–335.
- Epstein, F.L., 1973, “The Metaphysics of Mind-Body Identity Theories”, American Philosophical Quarterly, 10: 111–121.
- Galison, P., 1990, “Aufbau/Bauhaus: Logical Positivism and Architectural Modernism”, Critical Inquiry, 16: 709–752.
- Grünbaum, A., 1972, “Abelson on Feigl's Mind-Body Identity Thesis”, Philosophical Studies, 23: 119–121.
- Feyerabend, P., 1966, “Herbert Feigl: A Biographical Sketch”, in Feyerabend and Maxwell (1966), pp. 3–13.
- Feyerabend, P. and G. Maxwell (eds.), 1966, Mind, Matter, and Method: Essays in Philosophy and Science in Honor of Herbert Feigl, Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press.
- Frank, P., 1950, “Comments on Realistic versus Phenomenalistic Interpretations”, Philosophy of Science, 17: 166–168.
- Geymonat, Ludovico, 1985, “Entwicklung und Kontinuität im Denken Schlicks”, in B. McGuiness (ed.), Zurück zu Schlick. Eine Neubewertung von Werk und Wirkung, Wien: Hölder-Pichler-Tempsky, pp. 24-31.
- Heidelberger, M., 2003, “The Mind-Body Problem in the Origin of Logical Empiricism: Herbert Feigl and Psychophysical Parallelism”, in P. Parrini, W.C. Salmon, M.H. Salmon (eds.), Logical Empiricism: Historical and Contemporary Perspectives, Pittsburgh: University of Pittsburgh Press, pp. 232–262.
- Hempel, C.G., 1935, “On the Logical Positivists' Theory of Truth”, Analysis, 2: 49–59.
- –––, 1945, “Studies in the Logic of Confirmation”, Mind, 54: 3–52.
- –––, 1950a, “Problems and Changes in the Empiricist Criterion of Meaning”, Revue Internationale de Philosophie, 11: 41–63.
- –––, 1950b, “A Note on Semantic Realism”, Philosophy of Science, 17: 169–173.
- Kellerwessel, W., 2010, “Feigls naturalistische Moralkonzeption”, in A. Siegetsleitner (ed.), Logischer Empirismus, Werte und Moral: Eine Neubewertung, Wien/New York: Springer, pp. 177–195.
- Kim, J., 1998, Mind in A Physical World: An Essay on the Mind-Body Problem and Mental Causation, Cambridge, Mass.: The MIT Press.
- Meehl, P.E., 1966, “The Compleat Autocerebroscopist: A Thought-Experiment on Professor Feigl's Min-Body Identity Thesis”, in Feyerabend and Maxwell (1966), pp. 103–180.
- Nagel, E., 1950, “Science and Semantic Realism”, Philosophy of Science, 17: 174–181.
- Nathanson, S.L., 1972, “Abelson's Refutation of Mind-Body Identity”, Philosophical Studies, 23: 116–118.
- Neuber, M., 2011, “Feigl's ‘Scientific Realism’”, Philosophy of Science, 78: 165–183.
- –––, 2012, “Realism as a Problem of Language – From Carnap to Reichenbach and Kaila”, in R. Creath (ed.), Rudolf Carnap and the Legacy of Logical Empiricism (Vienna Circle Institute Yearbook: Volume 16). Dordrecht/Heidelberg/New York/London, pp. 37–56.
- Psillos, S., 1999, Scientific Realism: How Science Tracks Truth, London: Routledge.
- –––, 2011, “Choosing the Realist Framework”, Synthese, 180: 301–316.
- Riehl, A., 1879, 1881, 1887, Der philosophische Kritizismus und seine Bedeutung für die positive Wissenschaft. Geschichte und System, 3 vols., Leipzig: Körner.
- Röd, W., 2001, “Alois Riehl. Kritischer Realismus zwischen Transzendentalismus und Empirismus”, in T. Binder (ed.), Bausteine zu einer Geschichte der Philosophie an der Universität Graz, Amsterdam/New York: Rododpi, pp. 117–134.
- Russell, B., 1914, Our Knowledge of the External World, London: Allen & Unwin.
- Savage, C.W., 1988, “Herbert Feigl: 1902–1988”, in Proceedings of the Biennial Meeting of the Philosophy of Science Association (Volume 2: Symposia and Invited Papers), East Lansing, Mich.: Philosophy of Science Association, pp. 15–22.
- Sellars, W., 1947, “Pure Pragmatics and Epistemology”, Philosophy of Science, 14: 181–202.
- Schlick, M., 1974, General Theory of Knowledge, translated by A.E. Blumberg, Wien/New York: Springer.
- Smith, L.D., 1986, Behaviorism and Logical Empiricism: A Reassessment of the Alliance, Stanford: Stanford University Press.
- Stadler, F., 1997, Studien zum Wiener Kreis: Ursprung, Entwicklung und Wirkung des Logischen Empirismus im Kontext, Frankfurt a.M.: Suhrkamp.
- Stubenberg, L., 1997, “Austria vs. Australia: Two Versions of the Identity Theory”, in K. Lehrer and J.C. Marek (eds.), Austrian Philosophy: Past and Present, Dordrecht: Kluwer, pp. 125–146.
- Sturma, D., 1998, “Reductionism in Exile? Herbert Feigl's Identity Theory and the Mind-Body Problem”, Grazer Philosophische Studien, 54: 71–87.
- Uebel, T., 2007, Empiricism at the Crossroads: The Vienna Circle's Protocol-Sentence Debate, Chicago: Open Court.
- –––, 2013, “‘Logical Positivism’ – ‘Logical Empiricism’: What's in a Name?”, Perspectives on Science, 21: 58–99.
- Zilsel, E., 1916, Das Anwendungsproblem, Leipzig: Barth.
Other Internet Resources
- Herbert Feigl, entry in Wikipedia.
- History: Minnesota Center for the Philosophy of Science.DOCUMENT CONTROLLER
- TECHNIP ENGINEERING (THAILAND) LTD.
Job description
REPORT TO: DOCUMENT CONTROL AND PROJECT SECRETARIAL MANAGER PROJECT MANAGER PROJECT ENGINEER SENIOR DOCUMENT CONTROLLER MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: Managing the access to Project documents Base (PDB). Record, file and keep track of all incoming and outgoing project deliverables including vendor documents and clients comments. Make the necessary copies and ensure accurate distribution of the documents to the various disciplines and external parties. Check that documents are in order in terms of document title, document no., revision no., description and progress status. Expedite the various disciplines on the project deliverables according to the distribution schedule. Prepare and update the project document/deliverables register and extract any status. Informing the Issuing Department (ID) that submitted document was approved by the Project Manager. Checking that the received electronic files of the approved documents are identical to the signed paper copy. Maintain complete project filing.
Qualifications
Sex: Male or female
Age: non definite age
Year of experience: 1 - 2 Yr.
Education: Bachelor's degree engineering or equivalent.
Other qualification:
- Possess communication skills.
- Preferably able to use computer software such as Microsoft Office, and Lotus SmartSuite.
- Preferably 2 years experience in document control duties for Document Controller and 1 year experience or fresh graduate for Junior Document Controller.
ปิดประกาศรับสมัครงานแล้วBest New Seattle Bands
Alt-Country/Folk
Case Studies
Sounds Like:
Leonard Cohen meets Fleet Foxes
First Album:
The World Is Just a Shape to Fill the Night; released in August
The story:
Hipster hearts broke last year over the disbanding of The Dutchess and the Duke. Thankfully, Jesse “the Duke” Lortz (and friends) didn’t wait long to pick up where D&D left off. Case Studies rekindles his signature “campfire punk,” but with a new, more stripped-down, Leonard Cohen–style sound, primarily featuring vocal harmonies and guitar. Set up more like an art project than a traditional band, Case Studies also showcases Lortz’s visual art, which he calls “by-products of the songs I’ve written.” (See the diorama on the cover of The World Is Just a Shape to Fill the Night as well as jewelry Lortz designed for a small number of limited editions.)
R&B/Neo-Soul/Hip-Hop
Fly Moon Royalty
Sounds Like:
Janelle Monáe meets Santigold
First Album:
Fly Moon Royalty; released in February
The story:
Composed of vocalist Adra Boo and DJ/producer Emcee Action Jackson (shown above), Fly Moon Royalty emerged early this year on Seattle hip-hop label Sportin’ Life Records. FMR’s sound—also tagged electro-soul—blends Jackson’s electronic arrangements (and raps on a few cuts) with Boo’s powerful vocals (laced with a seductive vibe, thanks to her roots in the burlesque community) to create catchy hooks and soulful rhymes. The duo embodies an old-school hip-hop and R&B vibe with the energy to turn any crowd into a Soul Train–style dance party. reverbnation.com/flymoonroyalty
Rock
My Goodness
Sounds Like:
Fugazi meets The White Stripes
First Album:
My Goodness; released in April
The story:
My goodness, do we love these guys! Guitarist/vocalist Joel Schneider and drummer Ethan Jacobsen (above) are the duo behind this explosive sound. From the first beat, My Goodness’ music grabs hold and roars through your body like a sonic thrill ride. Previously in different bands, the pair teamed up last year to play music they had been keeping to themselves—music that reflects their take on goodness. The band’s blend of rock, blues and punk has a gritty, garage attitude with a classically trained finesse. Like Seattle indie label Sarathan Records (which reportedly signed My Goodness halfway through hearing the band’s second song), we, too, were instantly hooked. mygoodnesslovesyou.com
Dream-Pop
Lemolo
Sounds Like:
A mix of Feist and Florence and the Machine
First album:
Lounge Light (EP); released in April, 2010
The story:
Seattle has been smitten with the ladies of Lemolo (the name comes from the duo’s favorite road in their hometown, Poulsbo) since first meeting them last spring. This year, we fell head over heels after the pair recorded a KEXP In-Studio live performance, and dazzled summer crowds at the Capitol Hill Block Party, Doe Bay Music Fest and Bumbershoot. Meagan Grandall’s mesmerizing voice (she also plays guitar and keyboards) casts a welcome spell, while Kendra Cox—Lemolo’s other half—keeps the rhythm rolling on drums and keys. The songs are sweetly simple, yet profoundly moving. At press time, we were eagerly awaiting the debut full-length album, due out any minute. lemolomusic.com
Watch:
Electro-Pop
Beat Connection
Sounds Like:
Moby meets New Order in an underwater dream
First Album:
Surf Noir (EP); released in April
The story:
Part of Seattle’s emerging chill wave scene (which is just what it sounds like), Beat Connection struck a visceral chord with the serene soundscapes on this year’s debut EP. University of Washington students Jordan Koplowitz and Reed Juenger are the boys behind the beats, concocting dreamy synth-pop that layers drum machines, electric guitar, synthesizers, sampling and effects. Gaining momentum since late 2010 via a live on-air performance at KEXP and a deal with U.K. label Moshi Moshi, the pair is finishing up 2011 with a national tour. The infectious, happy music is both beautiful and hypnotic, instantly whisking the mind away to a sunny beach vacation—something particularly precious to a city so often sequestered in gray gloom. myspace.com/beatconnexion
World
Polyrhythmics
Sounds Like:
Fela Kuti with a James Brown twist
First Album:
Labrador; released in June
The story:
An Afro-Cuban-funk orchestra from Seattle? You bet your congas. The Polyrhythmics formed in early 2010 and released a (now sold-out) self-titled EP. This year, the debut full-length Labrador (fan-funded through Kickstarter), was quickly signed to Chicago distributor Dusty Groove and began distribution in July. In November, the band released a 45 (7-inch vinyl single), “The Imposter,” on Canadian label Kept Records. The eight-piece powerhouse brings together elements of Afro beat, samba, funk and jazz to create a global, infectious groove that’s wholly its own—and the catchy horn harmonies and fierce yet fluid rhythm section might just make your ears sweat. tip: Members of the group also play improvised jazz under the moniker Unsinkable Heavies. polyrhythmics.com
Related ArticlesToday I managed to finally get Perl to put and get messages to MQ Series. It’s something that I’ve been wanting to do for quite some time, but didn’t have the time or even MQ knowledge to do so.
This post is intended for those who, like me, aren’t MQSeries gurus and can’t make much of the documentation of the MQSeries module in CPAN. I hope it serves you well and in the end you will be able to use MQSeries with Perl.
Very VERY Brief introduction to MQSeries
MQ Series (recently renamed Websphere MQ) is a messaging software developed by IBM. There is a client and a server piece to it.
MQ Messages are transmitted between servers by means of queues. These queues are managed by Queue Managers. Queues can be configured to receive messages (input or request) and/or return messages (output or reply).
The installation of MQ series is beyond the scope of this post, but it’s important to know that if you need to communicate with a queue manager installed in a local machine, you have to use one set of APIs (the server APIs), and if you want to talk to a remote queue manager, you’ll use the client APIs. This is important for later on.
A MQ message is composed of 2 main parts: the MQ Message Descriptor (MQMD) and the Data portion. The MQMD portion works as a header where several fields can be set to tell the server how to handle the message. The fields we will be using in this tutorial are MsgId, CorrelId, MsgType, Expiry, ReplyToQ, and ReplyToQMgr.
MsgId: Each message being sent into the server gets a unique Message ID. They never repeat, even when the server is restarted.
CorrelId: The Correlation Id is how a reply message can be associated to a request message.
MsgType: The kind of data you will be sending through the queues. We will be using a simple string format.
Expiry: The amount of time that the server should keep the message in a queue.
ReplyToQMgr: The name of the Queue Manager where the reply must be sent to.
ReplyToQ: The name of the queue where the reply must be sent to.
You will find more information about the fields and MQ Series in general at the MQSeries Application Programming Reference. I couldn’t find a link to the hardcopy at Amazon, but you can consider getting this one.
Before.
MQSeries CPAN modules.
Writing your own MQSeries module.
As the maintainer of the MQSeries module, I am very glad to see it get some publicity. I’d also like to mention that, after a few years of neglect, I’m getting back into module development and that a new release with support for MQ v7 is imminent.
Thanks for your comment Hildo, I’m honored. Hopefully this post will help more and more people to use your module, since I personally found it very hard to find information on MQ targeted at the beginner. Most of the books and PODs seem to be for those who are already seasoned MQ programmers, and it’s what made it so difficult for me to use MQSeries module in the first place.
After seeing so many horrible MQ related code during last years I can only thank you for this post and say that you just killed two birds with one stone: you proved that MQ code can be simple and elegant AND explained to us a handy Perl module to work with it. I wish people to aim more to this type of elegance and simplicity.
[…] Perl and MQSeries for the faint of heart […]
[…] Perl and MQSeries for the faint of heart […]
Thanks Vinny, A great step-by-step tutorial and nicely documented.
I have been searching the net to find any usage information for the MQSeries::Command module since a month now. All the forum questions about this module and unanswered for years (for eg. this one). The PODs seems to expect that I am an MQ developer. So did you have any chance to play with that one? because that would really really help.:
but the sad thing is that MQSeries Perl extension doesn’t support pub/sub model
Jawaid, are you sure? Hildo has MQSeries::PubSub available, although I never used it.
Vinny, this was in ver 1.23. It has been deprecated in newer versions from 1.24 or 1.25 onwards. Latest version is 1.29 and there is still no support. Even I contacted with the author and he said it may be implemented in future versions but currently it is not supported.
Thanks for the info. That’s very good to know. Version 1.30 is in the making… perhaps Hildo will add support to it.
Hi, Vinny! Its very nice article, many thanks for u! I am going to use this one.
Hi Vinny,
Can you please provide a similar example for reading all messages from a queue and just printing the data portion (as opposed to writing a message to the queue that you have covered)?
Hi McDonald,
Have a look at this thread in PerlMonks:
I think it has what you’re looking for.
Cheers,
Vinny
Hi Vinny,
Thanks for the link. It seems like it is for windows version of perl, since its using win32:: module? Do you know how I could accomplish the same using MQSeries PERL API for UNIX?
OK, give this one a shot then:
Vinny
Hildo: any news on when support for MQ v7 will be available?
Hi Jason,
According to a message I received from Hildo in 2009, MQ v7 support should have started with version 1.30 of the module. Current version is 1.33 – is it still not supporting MQ v7?Retail & Classified Rates
Retail and classified rates
13. CONTRACT & COPY REGULATIONS a. Contract agreements are renewed annually with all advertisers. b. All charges for products and services contained in this rate card are applied towards any listed contract level. Pre-print costs are applied to make contract levels, but not to rebate. c. If advertiser uses more space than contract calls for and enough to be entitled to next lower contract rate, a credit memorandum for the difference in rate based on total amount of space used in contract year will be given, providing terms of contract are met. d. If, at the end of the advertising period, the advertiser has not used the full amount of revenue contracted for, advertiser shall pay to Publisher a sum equal to the difference between the amount of space (computed at the advertising rate per inch) actually earned. e. If it becomes necessary for Publisher to increase rates during period of contract, advertiser may continue at new rate or contract may be canceled by either party without penalty. Notification of cancellation must be in writing. f. Space limits: (subject to availability) Front page limit: 9 cols., each 11/8" wide and 11/2" deep, available daily � Monday through Sunday. No boldface type, no type larger than 30 pt., no cuts, boxes, logos, borders or diagonal lines. Page three (daily) limit: 40 col. inches. Back page (daily) limit: 20 col. inches no advertisement over 3 cols. wide. g. Change of copy, from original, will be subject to composition charge. h. Advertisement set and not run will be subject to a maximum 50% composition charge. a. Times that FINISHED LAYOUT with all copy must be in house for all ROP and classified display ads. LATE ADS WILL BE CHARGED 50% PREMIUM c. In the event a HOLIDAY falls on a publishing day, the DEADLINES will be backed by 24 HOURS. d. For TV Preview deadlines see section 19. e. For special edition closing times, consult your advertising representative or call the advertising department. f. Any changes in ad copy must be in house no later than noon the day prior to insertion. Any advertisements or changes accepted after deadline cannot be guaranteed a proof prior to publication and advertiser accepts responsibility for any and all errors. five working days before publication j. Printing process: offset k. Reproduction material preferred: electronic file. l. For ads on disc and electronically transmitted ads, please contact your advertising representative for details. m. Color process: Ad Litho 16. SPECIAL CLASSIFICATION RATES 15. MECHANICAL MEASUREMENTS Standard (Daily and Sunday) a. Width of Column 113/16 inches b. Depth of Column 21 inches c. 6 columns to page (115/8 inches wide) / /4 d. Double truck 23 3/4 inches wide Tabloids (Special) e. Width of column 113/16 inches f. Depth of Column 11 inches g. 5 columns to page (9 5/8 inches wide) h. Double-Truck 20 1/2 inches wide i. Half-tone 85 line screen a. Page one daily, cost per modular ad: one time $143.75; two time $107.81; three time $95.84. b. Back page daily, additional 50% c. Specified guaranteed inside page: two, three, five, amusement, sports, weather � 50% extra. d. Non-profit or civic rate, level 7 contract rate. e. Cards of Thanks, Anniversary Mass, Memoriams and Novenas, level 4 contract rate. f. Legal advertisements, open rate. Retail & Classified Advertising 17. CLASSIFIED RATES A. 1 Day 2 Days PER LINE $2.05 $2.05 3 LINES $12.06 $12.06 B. 1 Day 2 Days PER LINE $1.90 $1.70 1 INCH $26.60 $23.80 Effective September 1, 2008 TRANSIENT-BUSINESS RATE CARD � Consecutive Day Rates 4 Days $1.82 $21.84 4 Days $1.52 $21.28 5 Days $1.50 $22.50 5 Days $1.40 $19.60 6 Days $1.49 $26.82 6 Days $1.34 $18.76 7 Days $1.36 $28.56 7 Days $1.27 $17.78 10 Days $1.24 $37.20 10 Days $1.15 $16.10 30 Days $1.20 $108.00 30 Days $1.10 $15.40 3 Days $1.89 $17.01 3 Days $1.58 $22.12 Rates and Information Effective September 1, 2008. Subject to change on 30 day notice. 14. CLOSING TIMES 12 Month Agreement � Consecutive Day Rates C. 3 to 13 Lines 1 Day 2 Days 3 Days 4 Days 7 Days 30 Days Price per agate line $1.24 $1.23 $1.11 $1.03 $1.02 $1.00 D. 14 Lines to 279 Lines 1 Day 2 Days 3 Days 4 Days 7 Days Price per agate line $1.23 $1.13 $1.03 $1.01 $.91 Price per inch $17.22 $15.82 $14.42 $14.14 $12.74 E. 20 Inches or More 1 Day 2 Days 3 Days 4 Days 6 Days 7 Days Price per agate line $1.07 $1.00 $.89 $.735 $.715 $.61 Price per inch $14.98 $14.00 $12.46 $10.29 $10.01 $8.54 Also available � six month agreement at 3� more per line in each category. Three month agreement at 6� more per line in each category. An advertisement 20" or larger to appear four times within seven days. Size must stay the same, copy change on third run. DEPTH REQUIREMENT Advertisement 2 to 8 columns must be as many inches in depth as number of columns wide. Advertisements 9 columns wide must be a minimum of 3 inches deep. Advertisements over 19 inches deep will be set and charged as full column depth. MECHANICAL REQUIREMENTS a. Width of column 1.181" b. Depth of column 21" c. 9 cols. to page (11.625" wide) b. Double-Truck Deadline: Day Ad Is To Appear MON TUE WED THU FRI SAT SUN Ad Size Less Than 42" 1 pm Friday 10 am Monday 10 am Tuesday 10 am Wednesday 10 am Thursday 10 am Friday 10 am Friday AD DEADLINES Ad Size 42" or Larger 10 am Thursday 10 am Friday 10 am Monday 10 am Tuesday 10 am Wednseday 10 am Thursday 10 am Thursday 19. MAGAZINE TV PREVIEW published weekly in the Saturday edition of the Sun Journal. Rates and sizes available upon request. Color $50 extra. Advertiser copy deadline is Wednesday at noon the week prior to publication. 20. CIRCULATION CAC Audit Report six months ending September 30, 2007. a. Sun Journal (Mon. through Sat.) 33,027 b. Sun Journal (Sunday) 32,946 c. Price $4.15 weekly home delivered, $.75 daily Single Copy, $1.75 Sunday Single Copy 104 Park Street, PO BOX 4400, Lewiston, ME 04243-4400 (207) 784-5411 � 800-482-0753 � advertising fax (207) 784-5955 � news fax (207) 777-3436 186 Main Street, Farmington, ME 04938 (207) 778-6772 � 888-778-9922 fax (207) 778-5524 429 Main Street, Norway, ME 04268 (207) 743-9228 � 800-774-9228 fax (207) 743-7317 69 Congress Street, Rumford, ME 04276 (207) 364-8728 � 800-782-8728 fax (207) 364-8420 CONTENTS 1. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 19. 20. Personnel Commission & terms of payment Policy ROP/Pre-print rates Zoned rates Color rates Special ROP Rates Split run Special Services Special days/pages/features ROP depth requirements Contract and copy regulations Closing times Mechanical measurements Special Classified rates Magazine Circulation 1. PERSONNEL PRESIDENT, PUBLISHER JAMES R. COSTELLO, SR. VICE PRESIDENT, ADVERTISING AND MARKETING STEPHEN M. COSTELLO ADVERTISING DIRECTOR JODY R. S. JALBERT ADVERTISING CUSTOMER SERVICE DIRECTOR MARIANNE T. IRELAND MAJOR ACCOUNTS MANAGER BRUCE B. RIOUX FINANCE DIRECTOR KAREN D. NYBERG in advance, and must be identified as "Political" and include party/committee and address. e. Amusement, In Memoriam, Card of Thanks, Anniversary Mass, Novenas & Retail Personals are payable in advance. f. To establish credit, the advertiser must complete a credit application. Payment in advance is required until the credit application is approved. Any advertisement for businesses beyond the Sun Journal circulation area is payable in advance. Local rates will apply based on location of event. g. Proofs will be made available for advertisements that measure 10 column inches or more (retail); 14 column inches or more (classified). Proofs will be made for typographical correction only. Revisions may subject the advertiser to additional cost (minimum $40 surcharge). The Publisher assumes no responsibility for typographical errors to advertisers if a proof was supplied. Advertisements not submitted in camera ready form will be subject to composition charges. C. No agency will be issued a contract rate to generate a discount for body of clients. b. Pre-Print Rates These rates apply for Daily or Sunday. NUMBER OF PAGES RATES 8 1/2" x 11" or 9" x 12" $49/M 2 page Tab or 4 page Mini $49/M 2 full or 4 page Tabloid $50/M 4 full or 8 page Tabloid $51/M 6 full or 12 page Tabloid $52/M 8 full or 16 page Tabloid $53/M 10 full or 20 page Tabloid $54/M 12 full or 24 page Tabloid $55/M 14 full or 28 page Tabloid $56/M 16 full or 32 page Tabloid $57/M 18 full or 36 page Tabloid $58/M 20 full or 40 page Tabloid $59/M c. Local Rate. Rate per column inch for single or multiple insertion of same advertising copy within seven days in the Sun Journal. OPEN Daily Sunday 1 Time 2 Time 3 Time $30.15 $22.61 $20.10 $31.66 $23.75 $21.11 OPEN CALENDAR YEAR FREQ. CONTRACTS TIMES 12-25 26-39 40-54 55-69 70-84 85-100 101-115 116+ 25,00 25,000+ -25,000 Distribution Distribution COLOR AGREEMENT OPEN RATE (1 to 5 times) 6 TO 13 TIMES (20% discount) 14 TO 21 TIMES (25% discount) 22 TO 30 TIMES (30% discount) 31 TO 50 TIMES (40% discount) 51 OR MORE (50% discount) 4% 8% 12% 16% 20% 24% 28% 32% 2% 4% 6% 8% 10% 12% 14% 16% 5. ROP/PRE-PRINT RATES 3. COMMISSION & TERMS OF PAYMENT a. Retail rates are non-commissionable. b. Bills to be rendered and payable monthly; The Publisher reserves the right to restrict credit at his discretion. c. Late charge of 1.5 % will be added to payments not received by the 30th of the month following insertion. Billing research charged at $20 per hour. d. All returned checks subject to $20 service charge. a. The Publisher reserves the right to accept or reject all advertising copy upon review of the proposed text, and the acceptance of any particular advertisement does not operate as acceptance of the same or any other advertisement for publication on any other occasion. Copy accepted directly from advertisers will be typeset at no additional charge. b. Advertising simulating news must be identified "Advertisement." c. Errors � advertisers should check their advertisement the first day. The paper shall not be liable for failure to publish an advertisement. The paper shall not be liable for any typographical error or errors in publication except to the extent of the cost of the advertisement for the first day's insertion. The paper will reprint that part of any advertisement in which an error occurs. d. Political advertisements are payable a. Agency Controlled Accounts A. Clients of agencies will be billed directly and held responsible for all payments. At the request of the client, a duplicate invoice can be mailed directly to agency. Written notification acknowledging responsibility of payment by advertiser is required to discontinue original bill to advertiser. B. Contract space agreements are made with the advertiser (client), not agency of record. � Weekday insert scheduling reserved based on availability. � Delivered to the Sun Journal between 8 am and 4:30 pm (Mon. thru Fri.) five days prior to publication � Delivered on Skids � Max. weight of skids: 1,500 lbs. � Maximum size accepted 12 1/2" x 11" / /4 � Minimum 6 1/4" x 6 1/2" � Newsprint weight tabs six pages or less must be quarter-folded. � Single Sheets � Minimum #60 paper uncoated. Advertisers � Please check with the advertising insert department to determine the number of supplements needed. Call Bruce Rioux at 800-482-0759 x1115. e. Pre-Print Tie-In Advertisements (PTA'S) Any insert advertiser scheduling ROP "tie-in" advertisements within seven days of insert run dates, billed at 25% discount. Copy requirement: reduced version of insert cover within ad referencing insert run dates, etc. # of colors plus black one two three one two three one two three one two three one two three one two three 1 time $200.00 $275.00 $350.00 $160.00 $220.00 $280.00 $150.00 $206.25 $262.50 $140.00 $192.50 $245.00 $120.00 $165.00 $210.00 $100.00 $137.50 $175.00 COST PER INSERTION 2 times $150.00 $206.25 $262.50 $120.00 $165.00 $210.00 $112.50 $154.68 $196.87 $105.00 $144.38 $183.75 $90.00 $123.75 $157.50 $75.00 $103.13 $131.25 3 times $133.33 $183.33 $233.33 $106.66 $146.66 $186.66 $100.00 $137.50 $175.00 $93.33 $128.33 $163.33 $80.00 $110.00 $140.00 $66.67 $91.67 $116.67 10. SPECIAL SERVICES a. Creative Service Sun Journal Creative Services Department is available to all advertisers to create result-producing advertising campaigns. Custom-designed logos and related finish artwork � $40 per hour (minimum one hour charge). b. Market Research Information available at no charge to advertiser. c. Tear Sheets No charge for electronic delivery. d. Camera Room Charges Reprints $20.00 e. Confidential Advertisers Box Number $52.00 f. Co-op Advertising Take advantage of the co-op dollars available for your use! Use co-op to increase your advertising space, without increasing your actual cost. Our co-op system can find you extra advertising dollars fast and easy at no cost to you. 11. SPECIAL DAYS/PAGES/ FEATURES/SLIP SHEETS a. SUNDAY 1. Color Comics 2. USA Weekend 3. Economy/Business 4. Weddings 5. Entertainment d. Multi Full Page Discounts Pages Discount 2 5% 3 7.5% 4 10% 5 12.5% 6+ 15% ANNUAL BULK CONTRACTS LEVEL 6. ZONED RATES 2 TIME $19.20 $20.16 $18.31 $19.23 $18.00 $18.91 $17.56 $18.44 $17.24 $18.09 $17.09 $17.93 $16.95 $17.81 $16.41 $17.23 $16.08 $16.88 $15.88 $16.68 $15.73 $16.50 $15.38 $16.15 $14.67 $15.40 b. DAILY 1. Advocate 2. Encore 3. TV Preview (magazine) 4. Business c. SPECIAL FEATURES Calendar of events available upon request. d. SUN PRINTS Single Slip Sheet Program ANNUAL CONTRACT PRODUCT DAILY SUNDAY DAILY SUNDAY DAILY SUNDAY DAILY SUNDAY DAILY SUNDAY DAILY SUNDAY DAILY SUNDAY DAILY SUNDAY DAILY SUNDAY DAILY SUNDAY DAILY SUNDAY DAILY SUNDAY DAILY SUNDAY 1 TIME $25.59 $26.88 $24.40 $25.61 $24.00 $25.19 $23.41 $24.58 $22.99 $24.14 $22.76 $23.91 $22.59 $23.73 $21.88 $22.98 $21.44 $22.52 $21.19 $22.24 $20.95 $22.00 $20.50 $21.52 $19.55 $20.53 3 TIME $17.07 $17.92 $16.27 $17.10 $16.01 $16.80 $15.60 $16.38 $15.33 $16.09 $15.17 $15.92 $15.08 $15.82 $14.60 $15.33 $14.29 $15.01 $14.12 $14.82 $13.96 $14.67 $13.67 $14.34 $13.04 $13.70 ROP and Insert rates available upon request. 1 2 3 4 5 5A 6 7 8 8A 9 10 11 $750 $1,200 $5,400 $10,500 $25,000 $40,000 $50,000 $100,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $250,000 $300,000 7. COLOR RATES (above) 8. SPECIAL ROP UNITS Multiple insertion discounts apply for ads run within a seven day period. 4. POLICY a. Full-size Double-Truck billed at 273". b. Minimum 10 1/2" deep to guarantee no other ads on page. Billed at 50% premium. Unchanged advertising copy, regardless of size, may be repeated in any issue of Daily or Sunday within a seven day period of the first insertion. The rate per inch according to the appropriate rates found in section 5. Unchanged advertising copy repeated four or more times within a seven day period will be billed at three time rate. Changes in copy will revert to contract level one time charge. 12. ROP DEPTH REQUIREMENTS 9. SPLIT RUN / /4 Depth in 1/4 inch increments with / /4 a minimum of 1 column by 3/4 of an inch; two columns by one inch. 6 column ads must be at least 3 inches deep. Advertisements over 19 inches deep will be set and charged as full column depth. (Tabloid advertisements over 9 inches deep will be set and charged as full 11 inch depth.) 9/08Monthly Mug Up Meeting Cape Ann Brewing Nov 17th
From Linn Parisi-
Discover Gloucester’s free, monthly Mug Up Meeting is at the Cape Ann Brewery on Tuesday, November 17, 6PM for all interested tourism related business owners, managers, sales staff, volunteers, etc. It’s a great opportunity to network and share knowledge, and have a Pumpkin Stout before it’s gone. The featured speaker is Phyllis Cahaly from the Massachusetts Office of Travel & Tourism (MOTT) who will talk about the Domestic market of visitors and how we can get more of them to come here, following up on last months’ informative International market chat. Thanks to Jeremy and Dylan for this opportunity!
have a good time folks…I’ll unfortunately be buddying up with all our state reps and senators but I’ll be here in spirit. Cheers!(DJDM/WENN.com):
Read our All My Children spoilers for insight into the upcoming new season in Pine Valley, including whose father is revealed and who gets dangerous.
The Bold And The Beautiful:
Do you prefer Maya with Rick or Carter? Vote in our The Bold And The Beautiful poll about which male is right for the model.
Days Of Our Lives:
Should JJ spend a lot of time behind bars or get off with a slap on the wrist? Vote in the new Days Of Our Lives poll about what punishment you think fits the crime.
General Hospital:
Vote in the General Hospital poll about whether you think Carly with Franco is a must, or must not ever happen.
One Life To Live:
Find out why One Life To Live’s second season is shelved for now.
The Young And The Restless:
Was Katherine’s passing given the respect it deserved? Vote in the new The Young And The Restless poll about whether you think her memorial did the character justice.
Have any ideas for polls about your favorite Daytime show? Let us know below or in our Soap Opera message boards. Meanwhile, what do you think about the future of OLTL?
Read Soaps.com’s Primetime Dish for an interview with Andy Samberg of Brooklyn Nine-Nine.: Apega/WENN.com
- Hollie DeeseI'm having an issue with conditional formatting using the INDIRECT function. I'm doing something similar to Using INDIRECT and AND/IF for conditional formatting , but the only answer there isn't working for me.
Basically, I want to highlight rows where B is not blank and F is blank. INDIRECT will work for ONE of the conditions, but
= AND(INDIRECT("B"&ROW()) > 0, INDIRECT("F"&ROW()) = "")
does not work at all.
The answer in the question points to replacing the references with relative ones, so I'm thinking this should work:
= AND ($B2 > 0, $F2 = "")
But it does not, nor does ISBLANK($F@) or ISEMPTY($F2) (the cell contains a formula that sometimes will return "", I want the row highlighted in these cases but only when something is in column B).
Am I missing something about relative references? Why doesn't INDIRECT work with AND/OR?
I don't see any need for INDIRECT, "not blank" is <>"" so perhaps try
=AND($B2<>"",$F2="")
Your issue could be where you start to apply the conditional formatting. The answer with = AND ($B2 > 0, $F2 = "") assumes you are applying your conditional formatting row 2 of any column.
For example if you are applying your conditional formatting rule to an entire column the first row that the rule is applied needs to be the row number in your formula. You would simply highlight the entire column then type = AND ($B1> 0, $F1 = "")
If you are applying the formatting to G5 through G7 this is what you would input. = AND ($B5 > 0, $F5 = "")
Relative references will start where your formula starts then proceed to copy itself across the range you are applying the rule to. That's why the $ isn't present on the number. So the rule can move down with your range.
By posting your answer, you agree to the privacy policy and terms of service.
asked
3 years ago
viewed
2036 times
active
1 month agoWINE SALSA
- Cooking Time:
- Servings:
- Preparation Time:
Ingredients
- 1 can diced tomatoes, drained
- 1/4 c. yellow onion, chopped
- 1/2 garlic clove, chopped
- 1 1/2 tsp. wine vinegar
- 2 tsp. fresh lime juice
- 1/4 cup cilantro
- 1/4 tsp. salt
- 1/4 tsp. sugar
-
Directions
- Put all ingredients in blender and mix for 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. The longer you blend it the smoother it will be. Chill in covered container and serve with tortilla chips.
- Makes 6 servings.
Notes
VivaVeganGal's Family Favorites
Shrimp Recipes That Bubba Would Love (inspired by the movie Forrest Gump)
Cooking for a CureSee More
Zucchini Pizza Bites
Ramen Noodle Sandwich Fit For a Hungry Person
Pancit Bihon (Stir Fried Rice Noodles)See More
UsTroy Davis Execution Ignites Hip Hop Twitter World [Video]
.
Since the presentation of new evidence Troy Davis had garnered the support of Popes, Presidents and even former FBI Director William Sessions. The world of Hip Hop had also taken a seat in Davis’ corner, and sounded off about his execution.
Troy Davis maintained his innocence, even to his last.”This week on CounterSpin: At pre-trial hearings to determine where the U.S. government mistreated or even tortured him, former army Private Bradley Manning was heard from for the first time in more than two years. Descriptions of Manning by the few reporters who attended the hearings clashed with earlier mainstream portraits of Manning as a troubled, brooding misfit. But the corporate media largely responsible for those impressions of Manning were largely AWOL from the hearings. We’ll be joined by Michael Ratner, co-founder of the Center for Constitutional Rights, to talk about the media and the Bradley Manning trial.
Also on the show: Is the idea of the public airwaves being governed to serve the public interest just a joke? The entity charged with representing the public in media policy, the FCC, sure sends that message when it moves again and again to let media companies that already own media own more, without even considering the impact on diversity. What’s the FCC latest gambit and what do folks who define the public interest as something other than healthy profits think of it? We’ll hear from Joseph Torres of the group Free Press.
LINKS:
–Center for Constitutional Rights
“The few reporters who attended the hearings clashed with earlier mainstream portraits of Manning as a troubled, brooding misfit. But the corporate media largely responsible for those impressions of Manning were largely AWOL from the hearings.” ~ TD
A good place to start reading this morning – with New York Times Public Editor Margaret Sullivan’s critique of her paper’s (near non-)coverage of Bradley Manning’s dramatic testimony at his military trial. Speaking of rare public comments by Manning’s lawyer, she wrote: “It was part of a fascinating few days in the history of the Manning story — resonating with implications for free speech, national security and the American military at war — but you wouldn’t have known much about it if your only source of information was The New York Times. The Times didn’t cover Mr. Coombs’s remarks and, far more important, did not send a staff reporter to the first eight days of a pretrial hearing in the case, including riveting testimony by Private Manning. As a matter of news judgment, giving so little coverage to the hearing is simply weird. This is a compelling story, and an important one.” Tom
[…] […]
[…] lawyer Michael Ratner appeared on CounterSpin radio to discuss the lack of media coverage of Bradley Manning’s […]Image Unavailable
Color:
- Sorry, this item is not available in
- Image not available
- To view this video download Flash Player
In the past 7 years I have had two LG refrigerators. The first one failed after about 3 years. It needed a new part. LG no longer made the part. Read morePublished 2 months ago by Amazon Customer
I needed a small fridge for my small apt.
We had to cut out the bottom of an upper cabinet to make it fit but that's fine. It has to be tall to make up for being narrow. Read more
I have an LG 2 door, sure not thes same model as advertised here, BUT it will most probably have the same weak link. My LG is the 2 door SXS fridge/freezer. Read morePublished on May 9, 2013 by Thomas C. G. Turk
The size of this fridge was perfect for us, but it does have some issues with temperature control. No matter the setting, no matter the placement in the fridge, our kale always... Read morePublished on January 8, 2013 by Rosemary Hubbard
This is my second LG 10 cu. ft. bottom-freezer refrigerator. The first one is still being used as a spare. I cannot say enough about this model. Read morePublished on October 18, 2012 by happydayThe Communist Party of Britain (Marxist-Leninist) (CPB(M-L)) is a British communist political party. The small party was formed in 1968 by Reg Birch as a split from the Communist Party of Great Britain, siding with the Communist Party of China. Originally planned as the "British Marxist Leninist Organisation", the party published the Worker from 1969 until 2000, when it became Workers. In 1976, the Communist Workers' Movement split from the CPB(M-L), later joining its main British rival, the Revolutionary Communist League of Britain.
The CPB(M-L) sided with Enver Hoxha in the Sino-Albanian split, and came to support the Soviet Union for a period in the 1980s, before dropping this line over Gorbachev's reforms.
More recently, the CPB (M-L) has developed a national line for Britain. The party is strongly opposed to the European Union. Like the New Communist Party of Britain, the CPB(M-L) supported Labour in elections to bring about the removal of the Thatcher government, and has continued to call for votes for Labour since.
CPB(M-L) has an extremely low public profile, with its members focusing on work in the labour movement. However, the party has lost many of its leading trade union activists in recent years, such as NUT activist Bill Greenshields, now a member of the Communist Party of Britain.
It should not be confused with the Communist Party of Britain, the Revolutionary Communist Party of Britain (Marxist-Leninist), nor with the Communist Party of Great Britain (Marxist-Leninist).We are approaching June 28, which is the deadline set by the city of Key West to present the City Commission with a financially viable lease for property on Truman Annex to be dedicated for an assisted care facility. In the humble opinion of this writer, the City Commission should embrace this opportunity now. Here is why.
It is ironic that our society has abandoned...§ LORD BROCKWAY
My Lords, I beg leave to ask the second Question which stands in my name on the Order Paper.
§ [The Question was as follows:
§ To ask Her Majesty's Government what decisions were reached at the talks at Harpsund, Sweden, between the Prime Minister and representatives from six nations on the proposal of 3 the President of Finland that an all-European Security Conference should be held at Helsinki.]
§ THE MINISTER OF STATE, FOREIGN AND COMMONWEALTH OFFICE (LORD CHALFONT)
None, my Lords. Given the nature of the meeting at Harpsund, there was no question of reaching any decisions on Government policy.
§ LORD BROCKWAY
My Lords, while I appreciate that this was a meeting of Socialist representatives, were not quite a number of Governmental Ministers present? And will Her Majesty's Government take the opportunity of the presence of the President of Finland in this country to pursue this matter in a constructive way?
§ Lord CHALFONT
My Lords, per haps I can best answer that supplementary question by referring my noble friend to what my right honourable friend the Prime Minister said in answer to a Question in another place on July 10. He said:I was able to discuss the question of a security conference with the Prime Minister of Finland last weekend in the light of the Finnish initiative, and we shall have an opportunity of discussing it further with the President of Finland during his State visit next week "—[Official Report, Commons; 10/7/69, col. 1567.]I hope that that will put my noble friend's mind at rest.
§ Lord BROCKWAY
My Lords, while thanking my noble friend very appreciatively for that answer, may I ask him whether it is not the case that Finland may act as a mediating body in this matter between Soviet Russia and the Communist countries and the West, and is it not very desirable that the opportunity of this visit should be taken to press the hopeful proposal of a European security pact?
§ Lord CHALFONT
My Lords, I think it would be quite inappropriate for me to comment on the role that the Government of Finland may wish to play in these affairs. All we know is that the Government of Finland have proposed Helsinki as a possible meeting place for a European Security Conference. We welcome the spirit in which that proposal was made, and, as I have said, we shall 4 discuss it further with the President when he is here later this week.Anna Schwartz Gallery
Darlington
+61 2 8580 7002
Neighborhood: The Inner West
Overview
Run by Anna Schwartz as the name suggests, the Anna Schwartz Gallery showcases some very unique and exciting contemporary and installation art. The gallery exhibits works by the likes of Linda Abdul, Emily Floyd, Mike Parr and Joseph Kosuth. Some of the installation art portrayed here effectively shocks and jolts you out of the comfort zone with its focus on the stark realities of the existential world. If you are interested in installation and contemporary artwork, Anna Schwartz Gallery is a must go.
- Open Hours: Tuesday to Friday from 10:00 AM to 06:00 PM, Saturday from 01:00 PM to 05:00 PM
- Type: Photo Spots / Photography, Other, Arts & Museums
- Credit Cards Accepted: mastercard, visa
NEARBY HOTELS
Camperdown Towers Motel
0.6 mi
Quest Camperdown
0.7 mi
Rydges Camperdown
0.7 mi
Australian Sunrise Lodge
0.8 mi
See All Sydney Hotels »
NEARBY THINGS TO DO
Kerrie Lowe Gallery
0.2 mi
Byron Perry: Obscura
0.2 mi
Where Angels Fear To Tread
0.2 mi
Mayakovsky
0.2 mi
See All Sydney Things To Do »
NEARBY RESTAURANTS
Peasant's Feast (The)
0.3 mi
Rose Of Australia Hotel
0.4 mi
See All Sydney Restaurants »
NEARBY NIGHTLIFE
Performance Space (The)
0.1 mi
Royal Hotel
0.2 mi
Vanguard (The)
0.2 mi
CarriageWorks
0.2 mi
Satellite Espresso
0.3 mi
See All Sydney Nightlife »
Write a ReviewSign inHow do I...?
Off-campus access
Can I access the Library article databases and eBooks from home? Video Tutorial
Yes, absolutely!
When you select an electronic resource, you will be prompted to enter your Butte College email address and Butte College password. Example email for students: astudent001@student.butte.edu
If you have successfully logged in, you will be taken to the electronic item.
If you cannot log in, call the Library at 530-879-4024 or email the Librarian by clicking on the Email a Librarian link.
For help with your password, contact User Support Services at 530-895-2925
I followed the log in instructions for off-campus access, but got the message "wrong username or password." What´s wrong?
There are several possibilities:
- You are not enrolled in the current semester
- You have made a typo or entered spaces in your Butte College email address.
- You have moved but have not updated your new address with Admissions and Records.
- Your phone number is not current at Admissions and Records.
If any mail sent to you has been returned to Admissions and Records by the post office, you will be temporarily blocked. In this case, you need to update your address and telephone number in MyBC Portal. You should be able to access the Library databases within 48 hours after the update.
A final reason for being blocked is:
You have outstanding fines or fees. Speak with Admissions & Records.
For help with your password, contact User Support Services at 530-895-2925
Audiovisual materials
Does the Library have CDs, mp3s, videos and DVD's?
The Library does not purchase music, movies, or audio books. Please check with your public library.
However, some educational films can be viewed at the Chico Center Library in Room 219.There are instructor copies of DVDs on reserve a the Chico Center and Main Campus Reserve Desks. There are in-house viewing stations at both libraries.
There is a small collection of DVDs at Chico Center in Room 219 for faculty check out. Instructors may borrow audio-visual materials or place them on reserve so students can view them in-house. Students can ask an instructor to check out a film if they would like one for in-class presentations.
Faculty can find any DVD in our catalog, click the title, then click the Place Hold button for pick up at Main or CHC. We can also send videos through intercampus mail; contact Dan Buzan at 530-879-4366 or email: buzanda@butte.edu
Borrowing Butte College Library materials
Do I need a library card to check out books?
No, the Butte College Library does not issue library cards. Current students, staff, and faculty can check out library materials by showing any valid picture ID, and letting us know your Butte College ID number.
How many books can I check out, and how long can I keep them? Video Tutorial
A student can check out up to 10 items for 3 weeks. Items not requested by another person can be renewed online or by telephone at 530-879-4017 prior to the due date. Faculty can check out up to 40 items for 3 weeks.
Items in the Reserve Collection can be checked out from 1 hour to 7 days: the loan period is set by the instructor. You may not renew reserve items or place holds on them.
Neither print newspapers, magazines, and journals nor books in the Reference Collection can be checked out.
You can find the full circulation and reserves policies under Library → Policies.
Where do I return books after hours??
There is an after hours book drop outside the Main Campus library entrance.There is a book drop in front of the Chico Center building, right next to the bicycle rack. Regular circulating books can be returned to either book drop.
All reserve items need to be returned to the desk they were borrowed from during our open hours. Main Campus reserve books need to be returned to the Main Campus Library Circulation & Reserves desk. Reserve books belonging to the Chico Center Library need to be returned to the Reserves desk in Room 219.
Butte College Library materials and collections
What kind of materials does the Library have for students and staff?
The Butte College Library currently has over 70,000 print books, 28,000 eBooks, 27,000 electronic periodicals, and 164 print periodicals and newspapers, as well as other specialized collections. Over 700,000 open source eBook and eJournal titles are also accessible through the catalog.
- Reference collections (Main & CHC 219)
- Course reserves collections (Main & CHC 219)
- A circulating collection at Main campus (you can place a hold to pick up the book at Main or CHC Library)
- A law collection (Main 3rd Floor, non-circulating - not searchable in catalog)
- A sustainability collection (Main 1st Floor)
- A light reading, ESL, and literacy collection (Main 1st Floor)
- Print magazines, journals, and newspapers (Main 1st Floor, non-circulating)
- A faculty-use only video collection (CHC 219)
Do you have newspapers, magazines and journals in print?
Yes, we have 164 local and national newspapers, magazines, and journals in print. They are located in the Periodicals room on the first floor of the Main Campus library. Journals, magazines and newspapers cannot be checked out, but you can make photocopies (10¢ per copy). There are photocopy machines on the second floor of the Main library.
By the way, we also hold over 27,000 electronic journals, magazines and newspapers you can access online, anytime.
Do you have CDs, cassettes, videos and DVD's?
The Library does not purchase music, movies, or books-on-tape. However, some reserved films can be borrowed and/or viewed at the Chico Center Library Room 219.
Copies of instructor-owned DVDs are available at the reserve desks at Main and Chico Center. There are in-house viewing stations at both libraries.
There is a faculty-use only DVD collection at Chico Center Library. Instructors may borrow audio-visual materials or place them on reserve so students can view them in-house.
Otherwise, please check with your public library.
Can I recommend a book for the Library to purchase?
Yes, you can suggest a purchase by filling in the Book Recommendation Form under Library → Contact us → Recommend a Purchase. Please note that the Library does not purchase textbooks or any audio-visual materials for the collection. For faculty suggestions for multiple titles, please send the Faculty Request Form via intercampus mail.
I am looking for a book that the Library does not have, is there any way I can find it? Video Tutorial
We can look for books and articles for you through our Interlibrary Loan service. Current students, staff, and faculty can request an Interlibrary Loan from other libraries. Books are usually free, and articles are free most of the time. However, the lending library can sometimes (very rarely) require a fee for the reproduction of an article, 10-20¢ per page.
Please make sure the book or article is not in the catalog or in our article databases before submitting a request.
To learn more about Interlibrary Loan, visit the link under Library → Services → Interlibrary Loan.
Calculators, headphones, and special equipment
Does the library have calculators?
No. Scientific calculators are available for rent by semester in the Math department (TE).
Does the library have headphones?
Yes! You can check out headphones for library use at the circulation desk. You'll need a picture ID and your Butte College ID number.
Can I watch a VHS or DVD in the library?
Yes! Instructors often put VHS or DVD films on reserve for students, and there are 5 viewing stations at the Main Campus Library, first floor as well as in Chico Center Library (CHC 219).
Do you have equipment for people with disabilities?
Yes! Five computer stations in LB commons have a first priority for students with disabilities, and there are 3 more in LB 206. Chico Center Library in Room 219 also has computers with assistive technology. These computers include:
- JAWS
- DragonSpeak Naturally
- Kurzweil
- No-cost scanners for use only with the Kurzweil program
- Track ball mouse
- Headphones with a built-in microphone
The Main Campus and Chico Center libraries also have book magnifying stations.
Computers and Internet
Can I bring my laptop to the library and connect to the Internet?
Yes, if you have wireless capability. All of the campus is a wireless hotspot!
Use your Butte College email address (example:jdoe001@student.butte.edu) and your MyBC password to log into the wireless service.
Contact the Student Technical Support Helpdesk at 530-895-2925 for help.
Can I charge my electronic device in the library?
Click here for a list of locations where you can charge your laptop, tablet, or cell phone battery in the Library. Never unplug any cords already in the socket, and do not string cords across walkways for safety's sake.
Can I print to the library printers from my laptop?
No. You'll need to email the document to yourself or save it to a portable drive. Then use one of our lab computers to open and print it.
What programs do you have on your computers?
The Library has 73 computers with Internet, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel, plus Open Office. We have 5 computers with special software and equipment for people with disabilities: Kurzweil, Jaws and DragonSpeak Naturally. We also have Inspiration software on all Main campus library computers to help you organize your ideas, create outlines, and draft papers.
Copiers, scanners and printers
Where are the photocopiers and scanners?
The photocopiers and scanners are located in the Reference department on the second floor of the Main Campus library and in the Chico Center Library (CHC 219). The copiers print in black & white only. Copying and scanning costs 10¢ per page, and the machines only take cash or coins. Copying is permitted in accordance with copyright law.
Do you have a color copier?
No color copiers are available on campus.
Do you have a color printer?
The library does not have a public color printer. A pay color printer is available at CAS, 2nd floor of LRC. Color print-outs at CAS cost 25¢ per page.
Do you have a public fax?
The library does not have a public fax. You can pay to use the public fax at the Welcome Center in SAS, 1st floor, or go to to fax a scanned document for free.
Do I need a print card to print at the library?
Yes, you need a print card at all labs.
You can load money onto your Bute college ID and use that card for printing from any lab computer. Otherwise, you'll need to purchase a refillable print card, which costs $1.00. Print cards for the computer printers may be purchased at the bookstore, in the library, or in the LRC. Each computer print-out costs an additional 10¢. The print card vending machines only take paper money, no coins or credit cards, and do not give change.
If you need to use a check, credit card, or change to refill a print card or add money to your Butte College ID card, please go to the bookstore.
Can I use a print card or my BC ID to make photocopies or scans?
No. The print card does not work on the copiers or the pay scanners. You will need to use dollars or coins.
Course reserves: textbooks, course packs, and multimedia for your class
My instructor said I could find materials for class at the library. Do you have textbooks? What are reserves?
Course reserves are textbooks, articles, films and other supplemental materials that instructors place on hold at the Library for their students. Course reserve materials usually have a limited loan period to ensure availability to other students in the class.
Course reserves are located at the Reserves Desk in the Main Campus Library, and in CHC 219. You may make photocopies of reserve materials in accordance with copyright law.
How do I know if my instructor has put a book, textbook, articles or DVD on reserve?
You can check online for reserves (Library → Course Reserves → Search Reserves) or ask at the reserve desk. If your instructor hasn't put the material you need on reserve, you can make a suggestion to him or her if you like.
Downloading ebooks
To find eBooks, see this handout.
How do I download an electronic book to my tablet, phone, or computer?
To view your downloaded eBook offline, you need to first download the right app for your device:
PC Computer: Adobe Digital Edition 2.0
Apple or Android: Bluefire Reader
Kindle: Send to Kindle
To download PDFs from Gale:
See this video or the eBooks handout
To download an eBook from the EBSCOHost eBook Collection:
1. Download Adobe Digital Edition to your computer or laptop.
2. You may have found the EBSCOHost book in the catalog, or you can go to Research → Article Databases → Article Databases A-Z → eBook Collection and search for the book you want to download.
3. On the Search Results page, click the "Download (Offline)" link located under the book you want to check out.
4. You will need to sign in your EBSCOHost account. Sign in using the link in the pop up box. You can create an EBSCOHost account here if you have not done so already. These links are also on the top right of the EBSCOHost screen.
5. Once you have signed in, you can choose the checkout period from 1 day to 2 days, then click "Checkout & Download."
6. The book will be automatically downloaded to your computer. If you use Firefox, double click on the green arrow at the top right of your browser to retrieve the downloaded file. The file will then be downloaded to Adobe Digital Editions in your computer.
7. The eBook is now checked out to your account. You can view the book offline on your device with Adobe Digital Editions, or you can view the book online by going to your EBSCOHost folder. It will be located under eBook Checkouts in your EBSCOHost folder.
8. The book will be expired by the due date and you will not be able to open it after it has expired. You will be prompted to remove the eBook from the Adobe Digital Editions.
To send a downloaded eBook to Kindle:
1. Download Adobe Digital Edition to your computer or laptop.
2. Download the Send to Kindle application from Amazon to your computer.
3. Follow the steps above to download the eBook to your computer.
4. Launch Adobe Digital Editions, right click on the eBook you want to send to Kindle and choose "Show File in Explorer".
5. You will see the file in your Windows Explorer. Right click the file and choose "Send to Kindle", and click "Send."
Google Scholar partnership
Butte College has established a partnership with Google Scholar using OpenURL technology to locate our academic journal articles.
You can search the world's academic literature online at. Google Scholar includes some peer-reviewed papers, theses, books, abstracts and articles from academic publishers, professional societies, preprint repositories, universities and other academic organizations.
Our partnership allows Google Scholar to determine which electronic journals and papers in the results list are owned by Butte College Library, and then includes special links to articles from those sources when they're available. Look in the results list for "Get full-text@Butte CC" or "Check resources@Butte."
To make these links appear, just access Google Scholar from any Butte College campus, and you'll automatically see the "@Butte" links.
For off-campus access, follow these steps:
1. Open your favorite web browser. If you have cookies blocked, set your browser to accept cookies.
2. Go to:
3. Click on "Settings" under the gear icon at the top right of the page
4. Click "Library Links"
5. Type "Butte" in the library links box
6. Check the boxes that now appear next to Butte College
7. Click "Save."
8. Start searching with links to your library's resources. You'll see "Get full-text@Butte CC" to the right of our holdings
You will need your user name and password to access these resources from off-campus. Contact the library reference desk at 530-879-4024 if you need help.
Group study rooms
Who can use the group study rooms?
These rooms are for student use only, and are for use by groups (2 or more persons) of Butte College students.
You may not use these rooms for games, individual use, or group use not related to academic study at Butte College.
Dry erase markers for the study room whiteboards are available for check out at the reference desk.
Main Campus: Groups of 2 or more students can use the 3rd floor study rooms for academic purposes anytime with no need to check-in. Access is on a first-come, first-serve basis for groups in all study rooms except for LB 310.
Chico Center: Groups of 2 or more can check in and out at the service desk in CHC 219.
How do I reserve a group study room?
Most of our rooms are available without a reservation, but you can reserve some rooms in advance.
Main Campus: Groups of 3 or more Butte College students may reserve LB 310 for one study session in advance, for a maximum of 3 hours per week. You must sign into the room and also sign out of the room at the Reference Desk, as it is kept locked when not in use.
You can make a reservation by visiting the Reference desk in person on the second (main) floor of the library. Please see the librarians at the Reference desk, 2nd floor, or in LB 303 if you have a reservation and LB 310 is already occupied.
Chico Center: You can make a reservation for your group of 2 or more students in person at the service desk in CHC 219, or by telephone at 530-879-4366.
Study room policies
- If you have a reservation, and your group does not arrive within 15 minutes of your reserved time, all reservation(s) will be canceled.
- The library is not responsible for your personal items. Do not leave items unattended in the room.
- We reserve the right to reassign the room if left unattended for 15 minutes.
- You may not reserve or use these rooms for games, individual use, or group use not related to academic study at Butte College.
- Please, no food and keep cell phones turned off while in the building.
Reference services and workshops
Do I have to come to the library in person to get help from the librarian?
Not at all...
You can get reference help in various ways:
- Ask questions by E-mail
- Call the reference desk 530-879-4024
- Visit the reference desk in person on the second floor of the Main Campus library, or in Chico Center 219.
- Chat with a librarian online 24 hours a day.
- Schedule a consultation session with a librarian if you need extensive help or advice. Write to referenceli@butte.edu, call 530-879-4024 (Main Campus) or call 530-879-4398 (Chico Center).
Go to the Ask a Librarian page to learn more about our reference services.
Are there any workshops on search techniques, term paper research, etc.?
Main Campus library offers Digital Literacy workshops the first two weeks of each semester. These workshops are also available by appointment, write to brynnanmo@butte.edu (Main Campus) or leelo@butte.edu (Chico Center)
The Chico Center Library offers weekly drop-in workshops on various topics for students and faculty, and workshops by appointment, write to leelo@butte.edu.
All workshop schedules are online under Library → Learn → Workshops.
Students will receive an attendance slip after the workshop and they may get extra credit from their instructors, if approved in advance. Faculty can earn Flex hours by attending the workshops.
We offer online workshops via the Internet under Library → Learn → Instruction Videos. We also have a self-paced Research Paper Learning Module that guides you from start to finish, online at Library → Learn → Research Papers.
Research: finding books and articles
Where do I start if I'm not sure how to do research for a paper or presentation?
You might start with the How to Research a Term Paper handout or use the self-paced Research Paper Learning Module online at Library → Learn → Research Papers.
To learn search techniques, read the Search Strategies handout.
To learn how to cite sources, check the print APA or MLA Style Guides, or go to Library → Learn → Citations from the links above.
If you'd like to learn in-depth research skills, the College offers two, for-credit Library & Information Science (LIS) courses in support of academic needs and life-long learning.
How do I find books in the Library?
Use the search box for the Library online catalog from our homepage to search for books, eBooks, articles, and videos at Butte and around the world. You can limit your search to books and eBooks using the tabs at the top of the search box. use one or two key words in your search.
How do I find journal, magazine and newspaper articles in the Library?
While you can find many articles using the search box for the entire catalog from the home page, you may get better and more relevant results on your topic by searching the article databases directly. Note that newspaper articles are not generally indexed in the catalog. You'll want to go directly to America's Newspapers from the article database pages.
Go to Library → Research → Article Databases. You can choose a database by subject, name, or provider. Tutorials for the databases are available on this page, or ask for help from a librarian.
There is also an excellent handout on searching the databases online, called Finding Journal Articles.
What are scholarly journals? Where can I find them? Video Tutorial
Scholarly journals are collections of articles written by scholars, researchers or specialists. They are usually published by recognized societies or professional associations for professional and academic audiences.
To learn more about the differences between scholarly journals, magazines, web resources and online article databases, check out the Scholarly Journals handout.
Go to Library → Research → Article Databases. You can choose a database by subject, name, or provider. Proquest, JSTOR, Academic Search Premier, and Omnifile can all be filtered by scholarly/peer-reviewed. Tutorials for the databases are available under Library → Learn → Instruction Videos, or ask for help from a librarian.
I don't know how to find the information for my term paper or presentation. Is there anyone I can ask for help?
You can ask the librarian to help by going to the Reference desk on the second floor of the Main Campus Library, or in the Chico Center Library, Room 219 during regular hours. You can also call the reference desk at 530-879-4024 during our regular hours.
Twenty-four hours a day, any day of the year, you can use our virtual reference chat or email a librarian at referenceLi@butte.edu.
My instructor asked us not to use the Internet for research, does it mean that I shouldn't use the library databases?
When an instructor asks students not to use the Internet for research, they are usually referring to information from the World Wide Web; in other words, any Web pages.
The Library article databases reside on the Internet, but are not generally considered to be Web resources. They are paid subscriptions that are accessed online. These are digital versions of print books, or magazine, news and journal articles or reports. If you read an article from Time magazine in one of our databases, it is the same article that was published in print last week! Our article database subscriptions are not the kind of "Internet resources" that you might find on the World Wide Web.
But you should always double-check with your instructor if you are in doubt.
Why shouldn't I use the Web? Is it all unreliable information?
The Internet has a tremendous amount of useful, current, and high quality information that cannot be found easily elsewhere. On the other hand, anyone can post a website (billions of them go up and down each day!) Therefore, careful evaluation is needed when using the information found on the World Wide Web.To learn how to evaluate information from Web sites, check out the Critically Evaluating Web Sites handout.
Some instructors discourage use of Web resources because most Web pages do not go through any editorial review process and have no indication of where information was obtained. Often, the reliability and accuracy of the information are questionable. Finally, what was on the Web today may be gone tomorrow (or in 10 minutes)!
If I really need to look up information on the World Wide Web, are there any sites you recommend?
Yes, some Web sites are more reliable than others, such as Web sites from government agencies (.gov) and educational institutions (.edu).
Our librarians have also hand-picked a list of recommended Web sites that may be useful for your information needs. The Web site list is organized by category; go to Library → Research → Web Resources.
More questions? Send an E-mail to our librarians or call 530-879-4024.When.
The stars have created a buzz around town. While allowing the cast and crew to work on the movie, titled "The Big White," residents have taken advantage of chance encounters on the street, in bars or in stores to talk with celebrities.
And many schoolchildren have been roaming the compact town on their bikes to go stargazing during daylight hours; one observer called them the "kidarazzi."
"They have brought a lot of energy to town," resident Karla Ray said of the movie crew. Ray owns the Klothes Rush, Broadway Video and the Kone Kompany with her husband, Duff. "They've knocked us out of our winter doldrums."
It seems every local has a tale to tell about a brush with fame, and residents and visitors alike have found much to enjoy in each other's company.
"They've sort of dispelled most people's impression of Hollywood folk," said Janilyn Heger, owner of the Alaskan Sojourn Hostel. "They're very casual, very nice people."
Heger - whose home is near where the stars are staying - spotted Williams walking in town and asked him to sign her unique guestbook - lines of clothespins hanging in the entryway. Heger said the star was very gracious, and signed a pin.
Blaine Mero, owner of the Now & Then Shop, said the actor/comedian dropped by and riffed on some antique signs on display. Williams has given impromptu performances at other businesses, too.
Hunter stopped in at Broadway Video to rent a movie and found a line at the counter. But clerk Garrett Hunt said the actress did not demand any special accommodations.
"(She) was like, 'Let these people go ahead; I'm not in a hurry,'" he said.
Hunter paid the same rental fee as everyone else - but employees did not make her leave a credit card number as deposit. She signed the store's copies of her movies, like "The Piano" and "Raising Arizona."
"They're famous and rich, but still so humble," Hunt said. "They're nicer than most people I've met."
Skagway tourism director Buckwheat Donahue - who has dealt with many film crews in the past - said this one stands out.
"They make a lot of requests, but they always say 'Please,' 'Thank you,'" Donahue said. "A lot of production companies don't do that."
As the guests have brought an infusion of energy to town, they have also pumped a lot of money into businesses.
"Everyone is feeling blessed by it," said Heger, who - though not putting up film workers at her hostel - has nonetheless benefited by accommodating other visitors unable to find hotel rooms. "April is usually that last, eking-by month before we have some revenue coming in (from summer tourism)."
The Westmark Inn opened a month early for the crew, and other hotels and restaurants have seen an increase in business.
"We won't know for months exactly what kind of a boost it's been, but we are expecting at least 1,300 room-nights out of them for the month of April," Donahue said. "Usually we only get a couple hundred."
Collin Friesen, who wrote the movie, is from Canada but is currently living in Los Angeles. He called Skagway "the friendliest town I've ever been to in my life."
"The people have been absolutely terrific," he said. "Everyone has been excited, but they're letting us do our stuff."
The cast and crew had to deal with some technical problems - few of their cell phones work in Skagway, and there were some problems accessing the Internet - but the town left a good impression.
"I don't think I could live here, but there is something nice about spending time in a place like this," Friesen said. "People are nice to you, even though you can't do anything for them."
Juneau Empire © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy / About Our AdsI was looking at the comments from my last ultrasound and I have never noticed this before but this one said
" Examination is compromised by patient's body habitus."
I am guessing that means I am fat huh, lol.
I carry my weight well, with it being well proportioned (well, before I got pregnant) and I still got that wrote on mine.
I guess if you're not a size 2 who's only bones before getting pregnant, you're considered 'difficult' to ultrasound.
working on silver tatas.
LOL it's them putting it a nice medical way, they aren't being horrible though, just medical. When I had meningitis I was reading the notes afterwards and it said patient has a large body habitus - I was just like mah whatever my fatty boom boom probably helped save my life since I lost so much weight in there, if I was a rake my body probably would have shut down.
Large Habitus FOR THE WIN !!!!
lol
Julie (34) John (37)
C 10/14/09 T 12/02/10 F 07/21/12 J 01/15/14
I'm a doTerra consultant:
same with xrays, I had a fall at work so they sent me out a while back ago. And the xray'd my neck due to the fact that I could not move it. So my caseworker called me and was asking me question. And for some reason she called the xray tech. and they said the images were blurred because I am obese......Really my neck is obese. thats a joke, It couldn't be the fact that the xray tech who was doing the xrays was a student. Never while let a student work on me again for xrays.
LoL. My doctor's office just started giving us print-outs with basic details from our checks. Mine says "HIGH RISK PREGNANCY - OBESITY UNSPECIFIED". I was like... o.O What? High risk? Doctor says everything is going absolutely great, why am I "high risk". I'm not asking, though.
Married My Man ---- 08-27-11
Baby Boy Born ----- 01-29-13
Question?Question?Behance desktop / iPad applicaton design.
I came up with very clean, esthetic idea to create a desktop side feed application of Behance connected also with iPad. I wanted to save a little bit of Behance great feeling.
It is just a freestyle concept of applicaton. Hope you will like it.
More on:
keyboard shortcuts: ← previous shot → next shot L or F like Z toggle zoomSome Vatican officials unhappy with postulator's book on John Paul II
Catholic World News -: Cornelius -.Sami Jewad Alani (1934 - 2009)
Biography & Family History Add details
Sami Jewad Alani (1934 - 2009) was born on April 5, 1934. He was born into the Alani family.
He died on December 22, 2009 at 75 years old.
Sami Jewad Alani's last known residence is at Daytona Beach, Volusia County, Florida.
The data on this page comes from the official record for Sami Jewad Alani in the SSDI (United States Social Security Master Death Index). What is the SSDI?
This genealogy of Sami Jewad Alani's past is a collaborative effort by the AncientFaces community Share any information you have any AncientFaces member. Just click the "Add" or "Edit" buttons to get started.
You can add or remove people from this genealogy by clicking here.
History of Sami Jewad Alani Add details
- Given name
- Sami
- Surnames
- Alani family history
- Last Known Residence
- Daytona Beach, Volusia County, Florida
- Born
-
- Death
-
- Gender
- Male
- Sources
- Information on this page comes from the following source: U.S. Social Security Death Index
Obituary Add details
There isn't any info on Sami's obituary records. You can add obituary information about Sami Jewad Alani by clicking "Add Details".
Discuss Sami
Post your memories of Sami Jewad Alani and share them with the world, by clicking on the box below. Anyone following Sami will be messaged about your post.
All posts you make will be shown in the comments below for other people to comment on. If you have a story about Sami you'd like to share, consider sharing a storyinstead.
Maintain this biography
Compared to other Alanis
The average lifespan in our database of 51 Alanis is 65.6 years old. Sami Jewad Alani lived 9.4 years longer than this.See more Alani statsI Love U Swans
A customization card of an illustrated swans into the shape of love where you could change the alphabet I and U into you »Falling in Love With TOMgirl Jewelry
Local San Francisco artist and crafter Taryn McCabe turns out the most amazing hand cut leather jewelry and accessories through her TOMgirl jewelry line.
I initially discovered her work at Renegade Craft Fair’s Holiday show last December, where I bought (the shorter version) of these Silver Leather Leaf Cascade earrings, and they’ve become my favorite pair! I can wear them with jeans & a t-shirt, but easily transition them to a more dressed up look, for a night out on the town. Seriously, they go with everything.
Finding her Etsy shop online, it was all I could do to not buy like 6 more pairs! The pair I have is all silver — one of my favorite colors… and so unique in that it’s silver leather, instead of metal — but I can’t wait to get my hands on some of her more colorful ones, like this sexy turquoise, teal and gold pair.
As a crafter myself, I appreciate that each piece is hand-cut. So much TLC in one little pair of delicate earrings. I love that.
Hint: My birthday is coming up and a new pair of TOMgirl earrings is at the top of my list! ;)
UPDATE: I splurged & bought myself a few new pairs! Here are a few photos of me rockin’em. I get so many compliments!
[[quoteright:221:[[Film/{{Troy}}]]]]
[[caption-width-right:221:I'm not the only girl on Earth, ya know.]]
->"''She could have been a briefcase and nothing would have changed in this movie.''"
-->-- '''[[WebVideo/TheSpoonyExperiment Noah Antwiler]]''', discussing Rayne's role in ''Film/BloodrayneTheThirdReich''.
They say [[Literature/TheIliad Helen of Troy]] had a face that could launch a thousand ships: well, the Living [=MacGuffin=] has a similar ability to launch [[TheHerosJourney a thousand quests]] in search of them. She may be a [[TheDulcineaEffect heart wrenchingly beautiful]] [[EverythingsBetterWithPrincesses princess]] [[EngagementChallenge whose hand can only be won with]] [[ImpossibleTask miraculous feats]], a long lost (or [[ParentalAbandonment left]]) parent, [[ThickerThanWater sibling]], [[TrueCompanions close friend]] or LoveInterest, some variation of TheChosenOne who is needed for some greater purpose, or any number of typical MacGuffin functions.
In terms of traits, they are usually "desirable" or "questable" for any of a hundred reasons. Common ones include: [[WorldsMostBeautifulWoman great beauty]], [[IncorruptiblePurePureness great goodness]], kindness and [[LoveInterest loving or being loved by the hero]], [[RoyalBlood being royalty]], [[AncientKeeper knowing the answer to an urgent problem]], etc. (Thus, they can ''easily'' cross over into MarySue territory.) Alternately, they may carry the negative trait of having [[KickTheDog kicked the hero's dog]] at one point, and so they want to find them (or a way close to them) for {{revenge}}.
See also DamselInDistress (and DistressedDude). If the character is kidnapped and held for ransom, see ThePresidentsDaughter. If a character must be moved from point A to B, it's a LiveActionEscortMission. For cases where the MacGuffin started out as nonliving and later became a person somehow, you want MacGuffinGirl. Characters who are unimportant when introduced but become important later in the story fall under ChekhovsGunman.
----
!!Examples:
[[foldercontrol]]
[[folder: Anime and Manga ]]
* Nunnally from ''Anime/CodeGeass'' gets a role as a living MacGuffin. This is partially because she's the protagonist's little sister, partially because she's so sweet and seemingly helpless that most characters want to protect her, and partially because she's [[spoiler: a princess]].
** C.C. also gets used as a living MacGuffin, as evidenced by the existence of a special canister designed to contain her. In Code Geass R2, she has this role because [[spoiler: she has a special power that is needed in order for TheEmperor's master plan to work]].
** Lelouch in early R2 also qualifies, [[spoiler: before he gets his memories back.]]
* SaintSeiyaNextDimension: Saori becomes one after she is transformed [[spoiler:into a baby.]]
** In the original series, Seiya's sister Seika was played up as this, despite [[spoiler:only turning up at the end of the series and not appearing in the sequel, yet.]]
* Inori of GuiltyCrown. At first, she's just the MysticalWaif, but Inori is later revealed to be the vessel for the apocalypse... so, yeah.
* Kagura in ''SpeedGrapher'', [[ThePresidentsDaughter the daughter of a supermodel-turned-financial-superpower]], can also turn people's fantasies to real superpowers with her kiss. The entire series is about rescuing her ''from'' her family.
* While it's debatable whether the torches in ''ShakuganNoShGone.
* Insane Casca during the Retribution arc in ''{{Manga/Berserk}}''. Not only does Guts, who has a right to her being [[DeclarationOfProtection her protector,]] want her, but ''everybody'' is taking Casca in this arc, primarily the pagans who want to make her their queen and the Holy See who want to burn her at the stake. At one point in the arc, all three sides do in fact collide on site with Casca in their sights, and [[MacGuffinMelee a melee ensues.]]
* In ''LightNovel/HaruhiSuzumiya'', Itsuki Koizumi plays this role in "[[ShowWithinAShow The Adventures of Mikuru Asahina]]". [[DarkMagicalGirl Yuki Nagato]] wants to steal his hidden esper powers, and the eponymous [[MagicalGirl Mikuru Asahina]] is charged to protect Itsuki.
* Manhwa/WitchHunter: TheHero, Tasha Godspell, is revealed to be both the key to the {{Big Bad}}'s plans for wiping out humanity, but also the key to stopping these plans and saving mankind. Exactly ''how'' this works has yet to be explained. There are also several other witches out to capture him, including his own sister.
* ''Manga/{{Naruto}}''. Sasuke becomes this after he leaves the Leaf Village. [[SealedInsideAPersonShapedCan Jinchurikis]] provide a straighter example.
* The first half of ''Anime/LastExile''.]]
* In an early episode of ''Anime/{{Pokemon}}'', Ash's pikachu catches the attention of three shady individuals. Queue many years of Jessie, James, and Meowth attempting to capture said pikachu.
* ''Manga/AttackOnTitan'':
** Eren is hunted by everybody so that he either gets to be humanity's greatest weapon, dissected, executed, [[spoiler: or be brought back to fellow Titans.]] It's later revealed that he is ''also'' [[spoiler: able to control titans to an extent. This is why people with powers the same as, or even ''stronger'' than his were willing to go to such lengths to capture him alive.]]
** Christa [[spoiler:alias Historia]] also becomes an example later on, due to [[spoiler:her royal heritage and ability to reveal the secrets of the Walls]] being revealed. [[spoiler:The Survey Corps' solution to this is to sweep both of them under the rug until they reach adulthood, upon which they can deal with it better]].
** [[spoiler:The Beast Titan, the only non-Shifter Titan thus far shown to be fully sentient, is stated to be this to the Titan Shifters.]]
* Manga/CrimeZone starts off with Aburaya Shiro, the main character who ''thought'' that he was just an OrdinaryHighSchoolStudent finding out that he is somehow key to the plans of the vampires who've been put on the run by humankind, and that the government haas been keeping a close watch on him for years as a result.
* Banagher Links of ''Anime/MobileSuitGundamUnicorn'' qualifies as well. Thanks to [[IAmDyingPleaseTakeMyMacGuffin a dying request]] [[spoiler:from his father]], he eventually becomes the sole pilot of the titular Gundam, itself being the key to [[MacGuffin Laplace's Box]]. Thus he becomes a primary target for various factions who are all after the said box.
* In ''Manga/FairyTail'', the Black Mage Zeref is treated this way even centuries after his supposed demise. Several villains are out for his power, if not his very existence. At least one cult is shown that worships him and wants to revive him, one Dark Guild devoted all of its efforts to unsealing him, and another Dark Guild [[spoiler:composed of demons he created]] venerates him and is doing everything in its power to honor his wishes despite never having met him. [[spoiler:Zeref himself regards their efforts with either contempt or mild amusement, and otherwise doesn't really care about them that much.]]
* ''Manga/OutlawStar'': [[ArtificialHuman Melifina]] is not only the navigation system for the XGP, she's the key to [[spoiler: unlocking the secrets of the Galactic Leyline]]. So naturally, everyone's out to get her - from the Kei Pirates, to the [=McDougal=] Bros. and, even her creator: [[spoiler: [[TheComicallySerious Professor Gwen Khan]]]].
* ''Anime/VariableGeo'': Satomi becomes the target of [[NebulousEvilOrganization The Jahana Group]], once Damian senses [[AlmightyJanitor the enormity of her latent fighting potential]], during Yuka's match with Jun. Which convinces him that she'd make the ideal vessel for [[spoiler: [[BigBad Miranda]]]]'s [[TheDisembodied disembodied spirit.]]
* It's a SliceOfLife, but Ryou's parents in ''Manga/KoufukuGraffiti'' seems to think their daughter, currently [[MinorLivingAlone a middle-schooler living alone]] while [[ParentalAbandonment they are working overseas]], is this. For all the years they are out of Japan, they kept pressing on hiring bodyguards for her, an idea strongly refused by Ryou's [[RaisedByGrandparents grandmother]] and carried on by Ryou herself. Viewers often see the parents' worry to be legitimate, as other signs may indicate potential intelligence involvement in the said parents' occupations.
[[/folder]]
[[folder: Comic Books ]]
* Yorick in ''YTheLastMan'' is a male example; various factions want him, mostly alive, some dead.
** Yorick has a LivingMacGuffin of his own in his girlfriend Beth.
* Ramona Flowers in the ''ComicBook/ScottPilgrim'' books (YMMV, of course): the protagonist must go through several obstacles to be with her, but we are shown very little about the relationship, or even Ramona Flowers herself, except that [[InformedAbility we are assured of her awesomeness]].
* [[WebVideo/AtopTheFourthWall Linkara]] refers to Ray Palmer (The Atom) in the trainwreck [[DCComics DC]] crossover event ''CountdownToFinalCrisis'' as "The Mini-MacGuffin".
* Hope Summers since ''[[ComicBook/XMen Messiah CompleX]]'', before really settling into this role with ''ComicBook/AvengersVsXMen''.
* Jot Soora and Monima Das in ''ComicBook/AssassinsCreedBrahman'', with both the Assassins and Templars hunting for them so they can access their genetic memory and discover the location of the real Koh-i-Noor diamond.
[[/folder]]
[[folder: Fairy Tales ]]
* Film/{{Cinderella}}, Film/SleepingBeauty, Film/{{Rapunzel}}, and many other fairy tale heroines were {{Living MacGuffin}}s.
[[/folder]]
[[folder:Fan Works]]
* Combined with DismantledMacGuffin in ''FanFic/TheSweetieChroniclesFragments'': Twilight Sparkle gets TakenForGranite and is split into a series of crystals ([[AndIMustScream in which Twilight is still completely sentient]]) spread over TheMultiverse. Sweetie Belle must then gather these crystals by traveling through various {{Alternate Universe}}s, which correspond to various WesternAnimation/MyLittlePonyFriendshipIsMagic {{Fan Fic}}s.
* In a way, Socrates of ''Fanfic/CalvinAndHobbesTheSeries'' is one of these, due to the alien transmitter embedded in his head. He's LockedOutOfTheLoop about it, but it comes up as a plot device occasionally.
[[/folder]]
[[folder: Film ]]
* Franchise/{{Superman}} in ''Film/ManOfSteel''. [[spoiler:Prior to launching Kal-El to Earth, Jor-El imbued his cells with the Codex, which holds the genetic potential of the entire Kryptonian species]].
* ThePiratesBandOfMisfits: The dodo bird.
* ''Film/{ ''Film/TheDarjeelingLimited'',.
* Doug from ''Film/TheHangover'', who is given all the characterization of a very NiceGuy to both his friends and brother in law. So much so that you can honestly believe these guys ''would'' shake down all of Las Vegas to find him.
* In ''Film/KillBill'', finding Bill so she could kill him is the entire focus of the Bride's RoaringRampageOfRevenge... well, that and revenging herself on the people who could lead her to him.
* ''TheSearchers'': John Wayne & Co. spend years searching for his niece, abducted by [[OnceAcceptableTargets Injuns]].
* The monster in ''Film/{{Cloverfield}}''. The movie is mostly uninterested in the monster itself, and more in its effects.
* Private Ryan in ''SavingPrivateRyan'', the search for him in the war zone is the plot.
* Zuzu Petals in ''Film/TheAdventuresOfFordFairlane.'' Everyone Ford meets in the first act tells him to find her, and that's his motivation until he does, at which point it becomes clear she's not even involved in what's going on. After that she's more of an EscortMission, albeit one attended begrudgingly.
-->'''Ford:''' Don't worry. If you fall, I'll make it.
* Kee in ''Film/ChildrenOfMen''. She's the first woman to get pregnant in almost 20 years. The main characters have to try to keep her (and the baby) alive and out of the wrong hands.
* ''Film/TronLegacy'': Quorra is [[spoiler: [[LastOfHisKind The Last]] [[ArtificialBrilliance ISO]]]].
* ''Film/ApocalypseNow'' is centered entirely around Willard's mission to travel to the compound of an insane colonel and to kill him. He becomes even more determined to find and confront the colonel as he learns more about him from previous military reports.
* The hobo in ''Film/MysteryTeam''.
* In ''Film/ElDorado'', the evil rancher Bart Jason.
* The 2007 film version of ''Film/SweeneyTodd'' portrayed Johanna Barker as this, especially as they cut most of her songs and speaking parts from the original musical.
* The plot of the film ''Poetic Justice'' has four friends go on a road-trip from Los Angeles to Oakland, California to visit Lucky's cousin, Kalil. [[spoiler: They find out he's been shot and killed once they arrive.]]
* Roxanne from ''WesternAnimation/AGoofyMovie'' is the reason Max is traveling. He wants to show off to her at a place opposed to his father's destination.
* ''Film/{{Elysium}}'': Max becomes one when [[spoiler:all the security coding for Elysium gets uploaded into his brain, coding that would basically let the user do anything they want. Spider and co. want the information to disable the Elysium security systems and make everyone on Earth register as a citizen, Delacourt wants it to overthrow Elysium's current leadership, and Kruger wants it to take over Elysium and do... unpleasant things.]]
* In ''Film/XMenDaysOfFuturePast'',]].
* [[TheHero Optimus Prime]] in ''Film/TransformersAgeOfExtinction'' is hunted by [[BountyHunter Lockdown]], who wants to kidnap Optimus and take him to [[spoiler:the Transformers' Creators]].
[[/folder]]
[[folder: Literature ]]
* OlderThanFeudalism: Helen of Troy from ''Literature/TheIliad'' is a prime example. Helen wasn't attacked by Paris or the Trojans during the whole war, and in fact went willingly because she fell in love with Paris. [[AlternateCharacterInterpretation Or was made to, by Aphrodite.]] [[AlternateCharacterInterpretation Or simply didn't like her husband very much and couldn't be bothered to struggle very hard.]]
* [[KingArthur Queen Guinevere]] is also not in distress, as most versions have her go willingly with [[TheLancer Creator/PGWodehouse's ''Literature/JeevesAndWooster'' stories; the universal desire to lay claim to his peerless talents led to the hatching of many a ZanyScheme.
** [[TheJeeves Jeeves]] himself is highly sought-after; Bertie notes that plenty of his friends want to steal him and make him their valet, and this is borne out in ''Thank You, Jeeves'' when [[spoiler [[StatusQuoIsGod settling down with Bertie again]]]].
* A few crop up during the course of the ''PrydainChronicles'' -- Hen Wen the pig in ''The Book of Three'', Princess Eilonwy in ''The Castle of Llyr'', and Taran's long-lost parents in ''Taran Wanderer.'' [[spoiler:The last is a subversion. Taran eventually decides that he doesn't need to know who his parents were to know who he is. He is Taran.]]
* [[Literature/AliceInWonderlandDimity Aunt Dimity Down Under]]'' pursuing the girl over New Zealand's North and South Islands to deliver the Pym sisters' letter and convince her to meet Ruth and Louise before they die.
* Deconstructed in the SwordOfTruth:.
* ''Literature/TheDresdenFiles'' has the Archive, a repository of all written works from all of human history. Because knowledge is very literally power in the Dresdenverse, she's a terrifyingly powerful wizard when called upon. While most wizards see her only as the Archive, [[TheNicknamer Harry]] calls her 'Ivy'. Names have power in the Dresdenverse, so calling her that actually makes her more human and less scary-supercharged-twelve-year-old.
* In Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens's novel ''Literature/StarTrekFederation'', Zefram Cochrane, the inventor of the warp drive, is one in the TOS and TNG storylines. Former [[ANaziByAnyOtherName fascist leader Adrik Thorsen]] is obsessed with revenge against Cochrane, and Kirk wants to protect him. Picard was mostly an innocent bystander dragged into it by Thorsen.
* ''Literature/ASongOfIceAndFire'' has Davos Seaworth going to Skagos to retrieve Rickon Stark, as he is a key on getting the Northern Houses to fully side with Stannis, as the North are fiercely loyal to the Starks and they hate Boltons for their part in the Red Wedding.
[[/folder]]
[[folder: Live-Action TV ]]
* Towards the end of ''Series/MaddigansQuest'', it's revealed that [[spoiler: Jewel, not the talisman, is what gives Eden his powers.]]
* ''Series/{{Farscape}}'': Poor John Crichton. By the end of the series, half the Galaxy [[spoiler:which he's close to blowing up with his knowledge of Wormholes]] is after him. He's close to a ''Film/GingerSnaps'' moment.
* Mr. Big in ''Series/SexAndTheCity'', to the point that they don't even bother to give him a real name. You find yourself wondering what is wrong with Carrie Bradshaw and then you remember ... oh yeah, she's Carrie Bradshaw.[[note]]They do in fact reveal his name in [[Film/SexAndTheCity the movie]][[/note]]
* ''Series/StargateAtlantis'': Teyla's baby is a MacGuffin for Michael as he wants to use the newborn's DNA to advance his hybrid research. Since Teyla's an ActionMom, he doesn't get very far.
* Franchise/KamenRider shows have a few cases of Living [=MacGuffins=], most of which are people the bad guys are after. Their nature is revealed towards the endgame, so be warned of spoilers.
** ''Series/KamenRiderRyuki'' has Yui, who has been [[spoiler:DeadAllAlong and is]] actually the centerpiece of the Rider War, as the person who runs it is her KnightTemplarBigBrother is trying to rig in his favor [[spoiler:so that he may save her life]].
** ''Series/KamenRiderDenO'' has Hana, who is revealed to be the Junction Point, a special type of Singularity Point whose destruction will ensure the existence of the Imagin.
** ''Series/KamenRiderDouble'' has.
** ''Series/KamenRiderFourze'' has Kengo, who's actually a being created from an alien artifact that is sought after by the Zodiarts.
** ''Series/KamenRiderWizard'' has Koyomi, who's [[spoiler:you guessed it, DeadAllAlong, though she's temporarily brought back to life through a ritual that kickstarted the series]]. She only becomes important in the endgame [[spoiler:as not only is her time running out, prompting her father to step up his game, but also because another Phantom wants the thing that keeps her alive: the PhilosophersStone]].
[[/folder]]
[[folder: Video Games ]]
* {{Lampshade|Hanging}}d in ''VideoGame/RedDeadRedemption'' where in a co-op mission you must rescue the daughter of "Farmer MacGuffin."
* Here's a negative version of the Living [=MacGuffin=]: Sephiroth during the first half of ''VideoGame/FinalFantasyVII''. Both Cloud's party and Shin-Ra are hell-bent on finding the guy, and he acts as the game's main antagonist to boot.
* At the beginning of ''VideoGame/YoshisIsland'', Kamek kidnaps Baby Luigi (who becomes the DistressedDude),inEscortMission that will reunite the babies and rescue Baby Luigi.
** Then in ''Yoshi's Island DS'', Kamek and the Toadies kidnap Baby Luigi again, and several more babies. The BigBad ([[spoiler:adult Bowser from the future]]) is searching for the seven star children.[[note]]Seven stars had fallen and were resting inside the hearts of certain babies. These babies are said to contain an extraordinary amount of power. The villain wants to take these stars and become a GalacticConqueror.[[/note]] The villain never gets all seven; some remain free. The star children turn out to be [[spoilerHearts''.
** [[spoiler: Ventus in Master Xehanort's first attempt to snag Kingdom Hearts.]]
* In the ''VideoGame/NeverwinterNights'' fan-made module ''VideoGame/TheBastardOfKosigan'', Alex is a mix of this and DamselInDistress. And a ChekhovsGunman at the end. [[spoiler:Annoyingly, despite being one of the coolest characters in the series (as evinced by her [[ThePlan cunning plan]] to take over Kosigan by killing the entire ruling family), if you didn't choose to kill her at the end of the second module she dies near the end of the fourth.]]
* In ''VideoGame/BlazBlueCalamityTrigger'', ''VideoGame/ProfessorLaytonAndTheCuriousVillage''. Layton knows that he needs to find the Golden Apple of Baron Reinhold. [[spoiler:What he ''doesn't'' know is that the Golden Apple is really Flora, the Baron's daughter.]]
* ''Franchise/BioShock'':
** ''VideoGame/BioShock2'' is centered around the quest of the player, a Big Daddy formerly bonded to a Little Sister, to find that Little Sister - who happens to be BigBad Sophia Lamb's daughter and the messiah of the religion she founded. [[spoiler:Subverted near the end, when she becomes a Big Sister and helps you fight your way out of the city, and is incredibly powerful.]]
** In ''VideoGame/BioShockInfinite'' Elizabeth is this for no less than three factions in the game at various points: the player character, Booker [=DeWitt=], has been instructed to rescue her from [[FloatingContinent Columbia]] under the orders of a client [[TrappedByGamblingDebts offering to pay off his gambling debts]]; the main villains of the game, [[SinisterMinister Father Comstock]] and [[ReligionOfEvil The Founders]], want to keep her imprisoned (and later, recaptured) so that she can one day take up Comstock's mantle and bring the apocalypse to "the Sodom below"; and by the end of the game, the [[TheRevolutionWillNotBeCivilized Vox Populi]] are out to kill her simply because she was such an integral part of the Founder's belief system. [[spoiler: During the ending, Booker's goals are subverted all to hell when it turns out that his memories have been badly mangled by dimensional travel, and he's not out to pay off his debts at all; he's out to rescue his daughter.]]
** ''BioShockInfinite/BurialAtSea'' revolves around Booker and Elizabeth trying to rescue an orphaned girl who was turned into a little sister. The girl appears very few times in the entire game.
* Prince Alexander is a sucker for this one. In his [[VideoGame/KingsQuestIII first game]], he spends half of it trying to find a way to off his BadBoss before BadBoss offs him. The second half of the game comes when the [[AncientKeeper Oracle]] tells him that he's got a twin sister that's soon to meet her end as a HumanSacrifice. In his [[VideoGame/KingsQuestVI second game]], he's trying to reach the Princess he's fallen for before the GrandVizier pulls a scheme to marry her, kill her, and take the throne for himself. Runs in the family, as that's [[VideoGame/KingsQuestII how his dad went looking for his mom]]...
* Similar to the ''Film/TronLegacy'' example above, ''[[VideoGame/TronTwoPointOh Tron 2.0]]'' had this in the form of Ma3a, who carried the correction algorithims needed for Jet [[spoiler: and Alan]] to get back to the analog world. However, the terrible trio from [[CorruptCorporateExecutive F-Con]] were ''also'' seeking those algorithims in order to digitize an army into {{cyberspace}} and TakeOverTheWorld.
* Ryu from StreetFighter is treated this way for most of his plot involvement. Bison is after him in ''VideoGame/StreetFighterAlpha'' to use him as a new host body while Seth wants to use his Satsui no Hadou to complete his bio weapon.
* The Destined Children from ''RomancingSaGa3'' [[spoiler: ''VideoGame/MacGuffinsCurse,'' [[spoiler: Alphonse becomes a LivingMacGuffin when he turns into a werewolf himself and goes on a rampage]].
* [[EverythingsBetterWithPrincesses Princess Zelda]] in ''Franchise/TheLegendOfZelda'' is a very strong example of this trope. In fact, WordOfGod says that Zelda is the title character because of how crucial she is in [[TheHero Link]]'s adventures.
** A humorous variant appears in ''VideoGame/ZeldaIITheAdventureOfLink''.Get pose.
* In ''VideoGame/MassEffect3'', the female krogan dubbed "Eve". Because of [[MadScientist Maelon's]] brutal experiments conducted during the previous game, her fertility is no longer hampered by the [[DepopulationBomb genophage]] affecting all krogan, making her the key to finally developing a cure.
** Commander Shepard can become this in [[spoiler: the Synthesis Ending, as their cybernetic implants from the [[BackFromTheDead Lazarus Project]] make them the perfect mixture of organic and synthetic required by the Catalyst to kickstart TheSingularity]].
* Metroids in, well, ''Franchise/{{Metroid}}''. They only show up rarely in each game, usually as a small band of {{Elite Mook}}s. But while they don't do much to antagonize the player, their invulnerability to conventional weapons means they could easily consume entire planets if Samus doesn't bust up the [[TooDumbToLive total morons who think cloning Metroids is a good idea]].
* ''VideoGame/CallOfDutyBlackOps2'' features Chloe Lynch, a software programmer working under the alias "Karma". The main characters believe Karma to be some sort of cybernetic weapon, until they find out Karma is a person. [[spoiler:Her survival is necesssary to obtain the GoldenEnding, as she is the only one who can stop the BigBad's virus attack on the world's computer networks.]]
* TheProtagonist of Videogame/AkatsukiBlitzkampf, Akatsuki, finds himself in this position after he wakes up from being a HumanPopsicle. At the time of his supposed death he was he person in charge of the game's MacGuffin, the Blitz Engines, so now that he's back after 50 years nearly ''everyone'' in the cast is seeking for him so they can get their hands on the Engines for one or another purpose...
[[/folder]]
[[folder: Visual Novels ]]
* Charlotte "Charlie" Bronte in ''VisualNovel/ShikkokuNoSharnoth'' serves largely as comatose Macguffin to make her best friend Mary Clarissa Christie go through the plot. [[spoiler:Except in the end, when she's actually an opponent.]]
[[/folder]]
[[folder: Webcomics ]]
* In ''AMomentOfPeace'', the subject of one of the gods' quests is a glowing entity named Gloria on the Mountain.
[[/folder]]
[[folder:Western Animation]]
* ''WesternAnimation/BarbieAndTheSecretDoor'' has the Queen Unicorn, the most magical creature in all of Zinnia. Malucia is desperate to capture her and drain her magic.
[[/folder]]
----Saturday's baseball game between Georgia and South Carolina was washed out after heavy rain left Foley Field unplayable. More rain was expected Saturday afternoon and evening and more rain is in the forecast for today.
The Bulldogs and the Gamecocks will play a doubleheader beginning at noon today. Both games of the doubleheader will be seven innings in compliance with SEC rules.
Projected starters for today.
Athens, GA ? Athens Banner-Herald © 2015. All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy / About Our Ads | Content Removal PolicyWhere Kim and Kanye chill: The wealthiest zip codes in L.A.
Rodeo Drive may symbolize the glitz and glamour associated with Hollywood, but when it comes to the wealthiest neighborhoods in Los Angeles outside of Beverly Hills, a couple of other B-words, Bel Air and Brentwood, are where it’s at. The Westside communities, which straddle the 405 just north of UCLA, rank first and second on L.A. Biz’s new list of 25 Wealthiest L.A. Zip Codes.
In the 90077 zip code, Bel Air tops the list with a median household income of $208,493 in 2011, according to U.S. Census Bureau data. Popular with celebrities like Kim Kardashian and Kanye West for its long, gated driveways off winding streets and with other entertainment professionals for its easy access to the Valley and the Westside, the hilly neighborhood houses homes with a median value of $1 million as of 2011, and $99.6 million in local bank deposits.
Just across the freeway in zip code 90049, Brentwood is home to upper-level professionals as well as more entertainment workers with a median household income of $191,302. The Schwarzenegger compound is located here. Nestled in the foothills of the Santa Monica Mountains and home to the iconic Getty Center, the neighborhood has homes with a median value of $1 million and bank deposits of $1.5 billion.
The immediate vicinity is also the location of the fourth- and fifth-wealthiest zip codes on L.A. Biz’s list: Westwood (zip code 90024), which is home to UCLA, and Cheviot Hills (90064) just to the south, where the Hillcrest Country Club lies. Westwood’s median household income was $156,511 in 2011, with a median home value of $979,000 and bank deposits of $2.5 billion. And near where the 10 and 405 meet, Cheviot Hills has a median household income of $143,472, with a median home value of $933,500 and bank deposits of $2.2 billion.
Nestled on the list at third is Playa Vista in zip code 90094, a tiny neighborhood near Marina Del Rey where the 405 meets the Marina Freeway. Here, the median household income is $172,813, with a median home value of $680,000 and bank deposits of $35.8 million.
The remaining top-10 wealthiest zip codes lie in the Hollywood Hills, around the Grove, and the Playa Vista-adjacent Ladera Heights and Westchester.
How to use The List, L.A. Biz's new interactive data featureHi
I've installed jre1.6.0_05 on my backtrack box but having problems getitng to run in my firefox(1.5) browser , applets fail to load.
nothing shows up in: about : plugins
i've made the symbolic link between the Firefox plugin folder. using the libjavaplugin_oji.so in the ns7 dir.
ive cleared the browser cache and restarted the system still nothing.
i need it so i can connect to my XP comp via VNC.
any ideas what to check up on next ?
cheersFirst Team has Gone Google!
To access your First Team email please go to
google.firstteam.net
. Your
user name and password are the same as they always have been.
Here is a link to our
welcome packet
site that has all the tips and tricks to help
you with our new system. There are even some step by step instructions
if you need help to log in.International Business: ASIA
FORD OPENS THE THROTTLE
Executives of Ford Motor Co. were making great progress negotiating to build a factory in Vietnam on a site east of Hanoi. Then the Americans made a startling discovery: The location would be a rice paddy during growing season and would be under water.
But Ford managed to resuscitate the $102 million deal. It quietly persuaded the government to prevent farmers from growing rice in the area and came up with a way to build a plant on soggy ground. On Sept. 6, Vietnamese Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet gave the green light to Ford's joint venture, along with a separate deal for Chrysler Corp.
Ford's struggle to establish an outpost in Vietnam is part of the auto maker's boldest grab ever for market share in Asia. After lagging behind the Japanese and even its Detroit rivals in Asia's emerging markets, Ford is now spending $1 billion to set up factories in China, India, Thailand, and Vietnam (table). Ford already has joint ventures in Taiwan and South Korea, in addition to a presence in Japan.
ROUGH RIDE. But it is the newest markets that offer the greatest allure. The sudden surge into those countries is part of Ford Chairman Alexander J. Trotman's ambitious global strategy. Just as Trotman is aiming to topple General Motors Corp. in North America, he is setting his sights on Toyota Motor Corp. in Asia. "We clearly want a presence in Asia that is equal to Toyota, if not higher," says W. Wayne Booker, Ford's executive vice-president for international automotive operations.
Booker is in for a rough ride, particularly in Southeast Asia, where Japanese auto makers control 90% of the market. In all of Asia, Toyota now sells one out of every four vehicles on the road, while Ford has only a 2.5% sliver of the market. But expanding that foothold is crucial because while auto markets in Europe, North America, and Japan are barely grinding upward, the emerging Asian market is growing up to 20% a year.
To catch up, Ford faces tricky challenges in picking the right business partners and gaining the management knowhow to operate in Asia. "The Japanese today have all the first-comer advantages in Asia, and the Americans have all the latecomer disadvantages," said Linda Y.C. Lim, a University of Michigan specialist on Southeast Asia.
Ford does have a Japanese card of its own to play because of a 25% stake in Mazda Motor Corp. Ford is relying on that relationship to build a $500 million joint-venture factory in Thailand. The venture, which will begin producing Mazda-designed small pickups in 1998, is tailor-made for the fast-growing Thai market. Ford uses the Mazda connection in Malaysia and Indonesia as well.
SWEATY SHOP. But Ford also wants to assert its own identity. That will require even more investments to build a full-fledged presence in key markets. Ford's dealings in China are an example of how the company is trying to do that. "Anyone who wants to be a player must be involved in China," says Trotman, who visited Shanghai in late August, his third trip to China this year. Ford has dealings in that city with ultrasuccessful Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp. (SAIC), which is involved in joint ventures with several different foreign companies.
In one venture, Ford is trying to help reorganize and modernize some older plants at Shanghai Yanfeng Automotive Trim Co., which is controlled by SAIC. In one factory built in 1971, there is little hint of modern efficiency as employees stand idle waiting their turn to pump liquid polyurethane into a car-door mold. Steering wheels, sun visors, and instrument panels also are made in this crowded factory.
Meanwhile, on the other side of town, Ford is doing many of these same operations but in Yanfeng's youngest plant, built in 1991. It has three times the space and much more modern machines. Ford will double its initial investment of $70 million in the factories over the next three years, says Yanfeng General Manager Robert Bertsch. In short, Ford is entering traditional joint ventures with key Chinese companies--thereby pleasing a demanding Chinese government and building guanxi, or connections--while working hard to modernize and expand those companies.
Despite its newcomer status, Ford displayed savvy in the way it bought into Jiangling Motors Co. in a separate deal. In August, it announced it would buy 20% of the company when the shares are floated on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Western analysts say the company has financial difficulties, but Ford argues it has achieved a long-term production deal, bypassing any central government decision-making process. The two companies plan to produce a light pickup truck, passenger bus, and van by 1997.
FULL PLATE. Ford could consolidate its position in China by winning a role in developing and building a luxury sedan that Shanghai authorities want to announce by the end of the year. General Motors is vying for the deal, but Ford is getting some early breaks. SAIC, tightly controlled by Shanghai city authorities, will be the producer of the sedan. That means Ford has a crucial working relationship with the key Chinese player.
Will the Great Asian Push pay off? The burst of Ford deals already has some on Wall Street worried that the auto maker will sacrifice the bottom line in pursuit of global dominance. "They have an awful lot on their plate right now," says analyst David Healy of New York-based Burnham Securities Inc. "Investors hope this growth does not come at the expense of profitability."
Booker promises that Ford will be earning profits on its Asian investments within five years, but rivals scoff that it could take longer. "I wish them luck," says Tom McDaniel, who was vice-president of GM's Asian operations from 1989 until this year.
But despite the pitfalls--including rice paddies that double as plant sites--Ford is determined to win in the emerging Asian economies. Those hotly courted Vietnamese consumers purchased only 11,500 vehicles last year, a mere two weeks' worth of output from one of Ford's American factories. But in Ford's new, expansionist view, Asian consumers hold the key to helping it become the world's largest auto maker.
Ford's Push into Asia's Newest Markets
CHINA
Paying $40 million for a 20% stake in Jiangling Motors, which will make Ford trucks and vans. Already spent $200 million on four parts plants near Shanghai.
VIETNAM
Investing $102 million in a joint venture with Song Cong Diesel to build an auto assembly plant just east of Hanoi. Sales and service arms being established.
THAILAND
Forming a $500 million joint venture with Mazda Motor to build a pickup truck factory southeast of Bangkok, with production to start in mid-1998.
INDIA
Spending $50 million to acquire a 7% stake in Indian auto maker Mahindra & Mahindra. An $800 million assembly plant will produce Ford-designed small cars.
DATA: COMPANY REPORTSBy Keith Naughton in Detroit, with Dexter Roberts in Shanghai, Ken Stier in Hanoi, and bureau reportsIs already poking out! Isn't that way too early for 8weeks 5days? Usually doesn't happen to me until four months.
My belly button...
Posted 11/13/2012
Posted 11/13/2012
That's what i said!!! This is my third as well. Going to talk to a dr about it. Mine always pops out while pregnant.
Posted 11/13/2012
yes more than just bloating. my tummy is already getting firm. i knew things happened faster but i just didnt think it would happen this fast. my fam keeps staring at my belly but wont say anything. lol
Posted 11/13/2012
Yes it is! And i'm happy they are being so polite too cuz its too soon to ask if im pregnant. lol
Posted 11/13/2012
Mines is coming out jus a little bit with my last born it didn't come out til I was almost 5 months
What's on your mind?
son App
There will be a Towson App, thanks to the Towson Chamber of Commerce! The Towson […]Details
Selling Your Home During the Holidays in Towson
Selling your home during the Holidays in Towson may just be a great idea. Why? […]Details
Tow
Towson Winterfest and Baltimore County Tree Lighting
Towson Winterfest kicks off this weekend with a tree lighting and visit from Santa Claus […Seventy bands are expected to take part in this year’s Twelfth parade in Belfast.
The parade, to mark the 320th anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne, will leave Belfast Orange Hall, at Carlisle Circus, at 10am on Monday.
The Miller Memorial Flute band will lead the parade as it makes its way along Clifton Street, Donegal Street, Royal Avenue, Castle Junction, Donegall Place to City Hall.
After the wreath-laying ceremony, the parade will proceed via Donegal.
The police are warning of minor traffic disruption (10 to 15 mins) on: Lower Whitewell / Shore Road between 8am to 8.30am and again from 6pm to 7pm. Springfield Road , West Circular Rd to Lanark Way, from 9am to 10am. Ardoyne to Crumlin Road from 7.30am to 9am and between 6pm to 8pm. York Street between 8.30am to 9.30am and from 5.30pm to 6.30pm.
There will be fairly major traffic disruption on: Agnes Street down Crumlin Road/Clifton Street/Peters Hill from 8.30am to 12 noon and from 5.30pm to 7.30pm (Westlink offslips to Clifton Street are closed between these times but access to the Mater Hospital shall remain open), and the Shankill Road between 9am to 11.30am.A federal judge today dismissed claims of racial discrimination made by a former employee of Savannah celebrity chef Paula Deen.
U.S. District Judge William T. Moore Jr., in a 20-page order filed today, ruled plaintiff Lisa Jackson did not allege she was the target of unlawful racial discrimination and did not suffer any adverse employment decision.
PDF: View U.S. District Judge William T. Moore Jr.’s ruling on the Paula Deen suit
“Her difficulties do not fall within the zone of interests sought to be protected by Title VII and cannot support a claim of racial discrimination under the statute,” Moore ruled.
The ruling removes the major allegations from Jackson’s suit against Deen, her brother, Earl “Bubba” Hiers Jr., and Uncle Bubba’s Seafood and Oyster House Inc. on Whitemarsh Island where Jackson worked as general manager for about five years.
It leaves other issues in the suit pending.
Return to savannahnow.com or see Tuesday's Savannah Morning News for the full story.
Paula please know you have concerned friends that are praying for you.
I am happy for Paula. I believe this woman did what she did in hopes to destroy Paula. That woman did not care about race issues otherwise she would have never stayed there working. I am tired of people trying to bring people down with claims or false claims and people jumping on bandwagons.
Article says, "It leaves other issues in the suit pending." However, WTOC reports that a settlement has been reached....
EXCLUSIVE BREAKING NEWS! PAULA DEEN LAWSUIT HAS BEEN RESOLVED...An undisclosed settlement has been reached. Lisa Jackson's attorney, Matt Billips tells me final paperwork will be files later today. A court threw out race aspect of lawsuit this morning..............Reported from WTOC's Doug Logana.
"settlement has been reached" When I read that I thought of the lady where the tree limb fell on her. That case, too, is coming around the bend. Anyone know anything about the news on that case? She suffered a terrible injury and it literally could have happened to anyone.
I expect most of them to show up at anytime. One of them has been missing for a while and was probably banned. Maybe we will have another media frenzy to boost those ratings? Maybe Al and Jesse will call for protests marches. I am sure City Council will grant the permits and have police handle the road closures.
... is Lisa Jackson. Jackson failed in her black mail attempt but succeeded in wrecking Paula's empire. What a strange world we live in.
Lisa Jackson should be under arrest for what she has done to Paula. it is bad Paula will end up on the short stick not Lisa. it is a shame that false clams have done this to Paula. See what money hunger does to some people who do not get rich off others
Lisa got zilch. might make some money when she writes her book. Then we have her lawyer fees to consider. Those wolves will chew her a new posterior. I am laughing.
Ms. Greene's case went to court today. According to Howard Spiva's Facebook page, his office held a mock court this past Saturday. Howard made a Facebook post about noon saying that the mayor was in the courtroom (for whatever reason). I, too, am waiting to hear more news on this case.
I am so happy the judge threw out the racial claims. I have always believed in you & hated watching all the talk shows make fun of your situation & thought all the people who dropped you from selling your products is the loser’s I hope you go out there and show everyone what a great woman you are and show them you don’t need their help to sell. You go Paula & god is on your side.
She'll need all the help she can get for the rest of the lawsuit.
the left wing media will be screaming about this in the top on their newscasts tomorrow, Somehow I doubt it will happen.
Also I hope Paula makes a big comeback and sticks it to the companies that dropped her due to PC pressure from the race baiting crowd.
savgator...... you are so right..Paula stick it to them
Lisa Jackson is white..
Racism does EXIST and some jobs do practice racism and it should be called out IF racism is being done; however, Do not come with this "black women will scream racism" nonsense to cover up for your own racism. Most blacks know racism and if racism is NOT there, most blacks will NOT "scream" racism. And for the record, Lisa Jackson is WHITE. See you are so wrap up in wanting to judge blacks that you fail to know who was the person (Lisa Jackson) who screamed racism. Silly.
Right wings can act just as stupid as anyone else. They often cover news that are bias to their views as well. I do not see the right wing talking about all the high profile white crimes in the same tone as they do black crime stories.
Kinder, these types of people exist because it is easy money. Alot of celebs are fasley accused of things because they know they public will react without thinking. many of these celebs settle because it will cost more to go to court while their reputation is being destroyed and then "bandwagon" jumpers come on board and make claims even if they are false.
And that is that
I was stunned when before a court trial
All Deans Fair Weather Sponsers dumped her
Well , financial paybacks are a beatch.
You are so silly. Rev Al and Rev Jesse jumped in for the publicity. They could care less about Paula Deen. If there was money to be made protesting the court actions they would be marching down MLK right now. That's how they earn their paychecks.Silly woman
Will someone please start a fund so we can provide Terrie with lessons to help her learn how to write in English? That way we could better understand her racist's rants.I love your company!!! I have ordered many times and each time you exceed my expectations. It's great that personalized items ship fast, and shipping costs are reasonable. Please don't ever change! I'm a happy customer and will order in the future.
I ordered cute water bottle labels form your company a month or so back. I personalized them for my sister in laws first baby shower for November 4th. Unfortunately we had to cancel the baby shower because there were some problems with the pregnancy and they had to deliver the baby two months early. I called and talked to someone from your company about reordering my water bottle labels to say "Amber's baby celebration." The lady who I was talking to came back on the phone and informed me that your company would reprint and ship my whole order free of charge. It brought tears to my eyes that you guys did that for us. It touched my heart that in hard times in this world, that a company is willing to do something so nice. You guys went above and beyond great customer service! I have been telling everyone I know, and advertising the heck out of your company. You will ALWAYS have my business!! Thanks again for kindness.
I am very confident I will be ordering again from you in the future. Not only is your product top of the line, but the folks in your call center were absolutely great to talk to. Every single one of them. Send some of those lovely manners and attitude over here to the East Coast. As the Irish would say, you have a "brilliant' staff...
Cutest ideas I've seen....shown by men...now that’s awesome!!
The customer service was amazing. I got an immediate confirmation from a real person, not a computer generated one and it was on a Sunday! These were shipped the next day!! Words cannot describe how impressed and happy I am.
Love this website. They have such cute options and I love the selection. It should be called the big box of happiness!! I am always so happy to see it arrive on my door step!.
Love this company and its approach to life!
Happiness. The box made me smile over and over. Thank you.
BDOH is a great primary resource for all of your event planning needs. They think if everything...literally. Anything from the obvious items such as plates, napkins, cups, to the more intricate details, of personalized banners, initiations and balloons, goodie bags and so much more! They also help you remember everything to host a great party, by linking products that pair well with the items in your shopping cart. Thank you to BDOH, my sister's baby shower was a hit and certainly the talk amongst friends and family.
PHANTASMAGORICAL (yes, it is a real word!) Fabulous Awesome I would use all those words. Shower is next week, and I cannot wait for everyone to see the decorations. Awesome staff!
I do love the attitude--FUN! Great products at great prices. Quick & easy-adds so much to your event!
Fun, beautiful products that are themed in happiness, goodness and tailored for each individual customer delivered extra special with each item wrapped beautifully and with TLC. Big Dot of Happiness has terrific "Silly Sales" allowing me to try new products with terrific quality! Big Dot of Happiness takes - PRIDE in the product along with what they send to each customer. Very nice job!
Big Dot of Happiness is the reason I'm so happy to have parties!
If I were to explain Big Dot of Happiness to a friend, I would describe them as the Greatest site for All your party needs! The Big Dot has the most affordable creative ideas with prompt and accurate delivery. They exceed your expectations and will replace those trips to your local store. The Only party site I choose!!
Amaaaaaaazing!!!!! Timely, creative, different, accommodating, when I had to call with a question, not only was service provided wonderfully but it was so fun! I like that it’s a business but its quirky and refreshing. Also quality is a plus. Every item was exactly as pictured/described and of good quality.
I have been raving about you guys since the shower - you were so great - I cannot believe how great your customer service is and everything was exactly as shown, came quicker than I expected it to and you follow through on everything - I only wish more businesses were like you! Thank you, thank you, thank you - you are the absolute best!!!!
A one-stop shop for all of your party needs. A place that truly cares about the people ordering (make them into a Hostess Hero), the event taking place (with high quality and unique products), and they give amazing customer service in all aspects of their business.
I recently dealt with your web site and it's customer service for the very 1st time and want to say how impressed I am. Your choice of products is awesome, turnaround time amazing, and your customer service is excellent (handled by Ali). I will surely be sharing my views with friends and family for future party purchases. Gone are the days of the limited supply of paper goods locally.
I absolutely love you guys and will use you for all my party ideas and I have told my sister in law who is a party planner that if she uses any other company she is a frickin’ idiot because you guys are AWESOME!
I am so impressed from start to finish! Aside from the fact that the site and ordering process are easy to navigate, what really made a difference is the TLC that went into the packaging: everything was packed so neat and diligently, was beautifully wrapped and looked rather like a present than just some ordered goods dumped into a box. Wow! Shipping times were fast and shipping cost reasonable. Around the time of my baby shower I even received a handwritten thank you card with best wishes for my event! Very thoughtful and sweet :) ... on a general note: love those fun little "how to" videos ;) You guys are awesome!
This is the third time I have shopped for baby and bridal shower products. I Love the free personalization and that you can get everything to match! The shipping is REALLY fast!! The site is user friendly as well! THANKS for making it easy to make a baby or bridal shower look GREAT!
I was very pleased by the items we ordered. They were adorable and made everything at the shower very nice. I was more amazed by the CUSTOMER SERVICE, never experienced anything like it. SO helpful and knowledgeable. I haven’t experienced many companies with this HIGH level of service!YIELD Makes 6 servings
INGREDIENTS
PREPARATION:
-.
This recipe appears in: Baked Sweet Potato Fries with Spicy Apricot Dipping Sauce / Savory Sauces
You Might Also Like
Vegetable Pasta Sauce
See what a difference savory sauces can make and use our savory sauces recipes to spice up your next dish or main course.
Fresh Homemade Salsa
With Fresh Homemade Salsa from Home Made Simple, you can make a gourmet meal with half the hassle. Learn the recipe at TLC Cooking.511 Saint Vrain Ln Estes Park, CO 80517
Building Description
As an investment property or a primary residence, this is a charming house on an acre lot in CarriageHills. The house has been completely renovated with new heating systems,water lines, roof, and many beautiful finishes including tile work, wood floors & paint. Lots of windows & natural light with multiple outdoor spaces inviting you to take in the beautiful panoramic views. Special touches throughout the home make this a must see!
Facts
- Laundry: None
- Year Built: 2007
Amenities
- Cooling: Other
- Heating Type: Baseboard
- Heating: Electric
- Roof Type: Composition
- School District: Estes Park
Off Market UnitsSee EverythingHide All
Neighborhood
- 6-87.0 mi
- 9-127.0 mi
Data by GreatSchools.org,362 (GenderRankFor the gender 'Women'.: 5,504
Her CircleRankThis is the rank of 'helen sotiriadis' out of all indexed profiles (individuals) and pages (businesses) at CircleCount.com. in Greece: 2
Followers: 149,437
Following: 1,673
Views: 12,427,655
Added to CircleCount.com: 07/20/2011That's the date, where helen sotiriad.
helen, 131 +1s)
a set of 5 images
Most plusones: 177
2014-12-30 22:17:59 (21 comments, 11 reshares, 177 +1s)
it's officially new year's eve day in snowy athens.
happy 2015!
Latest 50 posts
2015-05-18 12:37:39 (0 comments, 1 reshares, 45 +1s)
2015-05-17 21:21:06 (1 comments, 1 reshares, 68 +1s)
2015-05-16 11:46:50 (3 comments, 3 reshares, 73 +1s)
2015-05-08 10:11:55 (3 comments, 4 reshares, 73 +1s)
despina ksenopoulou
MUA: +olga chrysa papitsa
more from this shoot:
2015-05-02 19:36:04 (6 comments, 3 reshares, 94 +1s)
2015-05-01 19:07:44 (2 comments, 1 reshares, 69 +1s)
2015-04-27 09:34:26 (3 comments, 1 reshares, 19 +1s)
some of my captures from april 24th in athens, greece
+Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason & Science
The Atheist Union of Greece
Katoptro
Public
#richarddawkins
#hubevents #publicasksdawkins
#athens #greece
#atheism #secularism #humanism
#atheist #secularist #humanist #reason
#thegoddelusion #god #religion #faith
#biology #evolution #science
2015-04-20 06:32:46 (2 comments, 0 reshares, 74 +1s)
A gallery in progress
2015-04-06 23:45:16 (1 comments, 1 reshares, 28 +1s)
2015-04-05 13:41:03 (5 comments, 6 reshares, 66 +1s)
2015-04-05 00:31:09 (1 comments, 2 reshares,, 51 +1s)
Imiskoumbria - 19th Anniversary Live Performance 2015
At Fuzz in Athens, Greece
... with +Mithridatis ImizBiz
2015-03-28 14:11:48 (1 comments, 0 reshares, 54 +1s)
2015-03-20 18:16:40 (4 comments, 9 reshares, 49 +1s)
2015-03-20 16:20:33 (2 comments, 2 reshares, 94 +1s)
2015-03-16 14:21:11 (17 comments, 3 reshares, 158 +1s)
a gallery of 7 images:
model: Natalie Kdlt
MUA/hair: Olga Chrysa Papitsa
#photography #portrait
2015-03-12 11:33:19 (2 comments, 1 reshares, 74 +1s)
vintage natalia
a gallery of 6 images
model: Ira-Natalia
MUA: Olga Chrysa Papitsa / ExtremeFaceArt
2015-03-05 09:08:43 (9 comments, 3 reshares, 88 +1s)
Another aerial shot, from my latest series on Stocksy.
More here:
2015-03-04 09:34:11 (2 comments, 4 reshares, 92 , 78 +1s)
on instagram @helensotiriadis
2015-02-23 23:44:10 (4 comments, 6 reshares, 134 , 82 , 131 +1s)
a set of 5 images
2015-01-07 16:58:39 (3 comments, 3 reshares, 81 , 2, 73 +1s)
lena
2014-12-04 05:28:54 (4 comments, 1 reshares,,, 0 reshares, 88 .The Starters offer their unique take on basketball weekdays on NBA TV and NBA.com.
NBA Inside Stuff, the ground-breaking sports all-access show, is back on NBA TV. TV to air a documentary in honor of the 20-year anniversary of the Rockets' back-to-back titles.
Like NBA TV on Facebook and get daily updates, news and highlights from NBA TV shows.Archive
Top 10 Ways to "Keep It Real" for LA Mobility
- 24 Jan 2012
- Written by Ken Alpern
GETTING THERE FROM HERE - I admit to having been on both sides of the "get real" argument with respect to enhancing mobility in the City and County of LA over this past decade. Some have told me to "get real" and that there will never be workable mass transit in the Westside or any other parts of the county, and I've had the interesting experience of telling others to "get real" with other ideas. Of course, I adhere to the idea that I could always be wrong, and that those pursuing other ideas might end up being right. However, I've seen Measure R pass, observe the Orange Line Busway and the Metro Green and Gold Lines enjoy superior ridership, note the dramatic improvements in freeway and rail contract bidding and contracting for the better, and watch superior community outreach become the norm between Metro and Caltrans and the projects' neighbors and grassroots transportation supporters.
So there's hope that myself and others in The Transit Coalition, the CD11 Transportation Advisory Committee and Friends of the Green Line will continue to remain both on the cutting edge of transportation/mobility enhancements while standing with our collective feet firmly on the ground.
The following short-term ideas and goals "keep it real", but keep new ideas alive as well:
1) The most important transportation development this year is likely to be the opening of the first phase of the Expo Line to Culver City.
This light rail line will extend from Culver City to Staples Center and the Downtown Convention Center, with USC and Mid-City locations in between, and is a defacto widening of the I-10 freeway corridor.
It is anticipated that it will attract tens of thousands of riders sooner, and not later, but it's hoped that Jan Perry and Bernard Parks will similarly step down from the Expo Authority Board sooner, and not later, because while they've been supportive of their own constituents they've crossed the lines of propriety at times by preventing Westside representation for the second phase of the line to West L.A. and Santa Monica.
2) The I-405 widening project has been a model of being on time, on budget, and with superior communications to all affected parties. So long as the critics are calmed by having their fears allayed and their ideas implemented (when possible and appropriate), LA City and County voters, taxpayers and commuters will be open to new projects.
It's hoped that the I-605, I-5, SR-60 and other freeway projects are going just as well, because the cry for more freeway projects aren't going to end any time soon.
3) As the Crenshaw/LAX Line project starts the bidding process this year with the fiscal support both from Metro and from Washington, D.C., the need to have a rail project that includes a Westchester Hindry station, so as to not pit neighborhoods against each other, is a prelude to the cooperation needed for its direct and indirect links (via the Green Line) to the Westside, LAX and South Bay.
It is hoped that more taxpayers, planners and politicians will learn what "rail right of way" and "Metro-owned properties" means in order to figure out why we can be smart and cost-effective by having a connecting People Mover indirectly, not the Green/Crenshaw Lines directly, access LAX airline terminals. This issue is being raised with Washington, D.C.'s own rail/airport line. (Link)
4) The Downtown Light Rail Connector project EIR will very soon be up for approval by the Metro Board. It is hoped that federal, state and local governments recognize this might be the most important project in Measure R to benefit the entire county, and to make darn sure it's funded and implemented in order to create a true Southern California passenger rail network.
5) Whether the Eastside Gold Line Light Rail Extension to either Whittier or to the I-605 freeway is chosen, both options are pretty lousy with respect to ridership and cost-effectiveness.
It's hoped that either a hybrid approach (as proposed by some of my Transit Coalition colleagues) of a shorter light rail along the SR-60 freeway to the Montebello Mall--combined with a busway to Whittier--is considered, or that the Metro drop the project altogether ad revisit the Green Line Eastern Extension to the Norwalk Metrolink station instead.
6) Virtually everyone familiar with the Wilshire Subway Extension (Purple Line) knows that it is most cost-effective and geologically located along a route that gets it to the center of Century City. It's hoped that the due diligence of Metro comes up with no new surprises, and that the cities of LA and Beverly Hills can come to an arrangement with Metro that pleases all reasonable parties. We really need this subway.
7) The Foothill Gold Line needs to be built, and we really need a rail car maintenance yard either in Monrovia or some other appropriate location. Now that Governor Brown has abolished state CRA's, including that which was fund and build the maintenance yard for this line, it is hoped that state and local legislators can work with Metro and each other to expedite this yard and this line. The funding and legal hurdles can be overcome if the political will exists (and I believe it does).
8) Funding these Measure R projects with an expedited 30/10 plan is long overdue, and if Washington doesn't want to provide a bridge loan, it is hoped that either Assemblymember Feuer's plan to extend Measure R and have LA County Save Itself or Mayor Villaraigosa's plan to get a bridge loan from a Chinese investment firm (link) will get the job done.
9) While Mayor Villaraigosa's efforts to legally and fiscally create the Wilshire subway and a host of other transportation projects will earn him a spot in the history books as the man who made rail/rapid transit return to LA, his successor will have to pursue an equally pragmatic approach that both aggressively funds and plans vetted and cost-effective projects while rejecting less cost-effective projects.
It is hoped that all mayoral candidates take the approach of (or similar to) Austin Beutner's rejection of the California High-Speed Rail (CAHSR) project in favor of local transportation systems. (Link) I'm pretty sure that those advocating freeway and rail projects alike are wondering if the billions proposed for CAHSR couldn't be spent better elsewhere.
10) Speaking of CAHSR, it's hoped that Governor Brown's pragmatic approach to reaching out to all parties, including GOP/conservative groups (link) will include a reduction in both the required train speeds and correlated costs for the project. It is hoped that state and federal legislators can to alter the $2-3 billion federal earmark to pay for some other, less remote portion of the CAHSR than Central California.
The Perfect is the Enemy of the Good, as the governor well knows, and if he doesn't make concessions (and even a restructuring of the entire project), it's a goner.
, Los Angeles, County, City Expo Line, Crenshaw/LAX, Light Rail, Measure R
CityWatch
Vol 10 Issue 7
Pub: Jan 24, 2012Seasonal Affective Disorder(SAD) is a common issue that many face as we head into the winter months. The symptoms include a decreased sense of energy (especially in the afternoon), craving for carbohydrates, depression, increased appetite, loss of interest in daily activities, social withdraw and increased need for sleep.
Also known as the "winter depression", it is classified as a depression caused by a lack of sunlight. It is believed that it is caused by an overproduction of melatonin in the body, setting the body into an imbalance. SAD has been debated for years by many as to whether or not it is "real". It rose in popularity as a diagnosis for many workers during the 90's.
Regardless of what others think, if you are one of the 10% of people in the US diagnosed with SAD, it is very real to you. SAD can make you irritable and make life overall very difficult. Common treatments for SAD are antidepressants or sitting in front of a UV light for several hours of the day.
Another treatment for SAD is QiGong. As with anything medical, I am not a doctor so please consult your medical practitioner before beginning.
QiGong is a set of ancient Chinese breathing exercises. Among other benefits, it helps the body come back into balance and regulate the hormones. The appealing thing about QiGong is it can be practiced anywhere and at almost any time. It is slowly and gradually improving the body, but the effects can be felt almost immediately.
Basic QiGong Exercise
This basic QiGong exercise is one that I teach to new students to introduce them to the concepts of QiGong. Though basic, it is one of the fundamental exercises and even the most advanced students find time to practice this.
Step 1: Locate your Dan Tien.
According to Chinese practices, your Dan Tien is the powerhouse of the body. It is located approximately 2 finger-lengths below your bellybutton.
Step 2: Place your hand on your Dan Tien.
You want to place the middle of your palm (where the energy of the hand flows out of the most) directly over the spot you've identified as your Dan Tien. The idea here is to help you recycle your body's energy and help you keep your focus during the exercise on this part of the body.
This particular QiGong exercise is gender dependent. So if you are female, you want to use your left hand on your Dan Tien. If you are male, you want to use your right hand.
Step 3: Complete the circuit.
Place your other hand directly over the one on your Dan Tien such that the two palms of your hand are directly over one another.
Step 4: Breathe properly
When you breathe for this exercise, you want to bring in through your nose and out through your mouth. With each breath in you want to focus and push down so that it enters your body and goes directly to the Dan Tien. Use the pressure of your hands against your body to direct the flow.
You'll know if you're breathing correctly or not by your shoulders. If you find your shoulders are moving up and down, causing your hands to move position, you are breathing into your upper chest, not your Dan Tien.
Step 5: Create a rhythm.
Take time here to find a nice easy rhythm. Breathe continuously, never holding your breathe. It should be a nice easy flow of in and out.
Slow down your breathing as much as possible. Try to focus on making the length of time you breathe in just as long as the length of time you breathe out. Make it longer and longer with each breathe to the point you feel completely full on each intake and completely empty on each out.
Step 6: Relax.
Now that you have the basic mechanics going, close your eyes.
Focus your mind on the breathing and feeling each breathe come in and leave your body. Visualize clean air coming in and pushing out any negativity with each breath. Your mind will try to wander to the worries or issues around you. Gently bring those thoughts back to your breathing. Create a safe space for you to relax and come back to center.
Step 7: Finish the exercise.
There is no limit or minimal set of time to do this exercise (hence why I say QiGong is a perfect exercise to do just about anywhere). If you only have 1-minutes or 30-minutes, you can do this exercise.
When you first start doing this exercise, you may want to spend a bit longer so you can get familiar with your body and get the breathing correct. But once you've mastered this exercise, you can move quickly through the steps and reach optimal benefit within a breathe or two.
As you finish the exercise, reverse the steps performed. So, first open your eyes. Return your breathing to normal. Then remove your top and your lower hand.
That's it!
After you've finished the exercise, if you've done it correctly, you should feel revived and filled with more energy. You shouldn't have a strong a craving for certain foods and your body will feel warm and alive.
Through regular practice of QiGong exercises, you can help bring your body back to center and combat some of the symptoms of SAD.July 2013_1<<.
‘Riders on the Record: Three pitchers, two managers and a broadcaster pitching-heavy week on ‘Riders on the record provided some gems from our guests. Kevin Pucetas spoke with R.A. Dickey about his knuckleball apprenticeship–good stuff. Other highlights include Tyler Tufts channeling his old college routine to starting pitching, Nick McBride’s July 4th tradition, Travelers’ manager Tim Bogar comparing Terry Francona and Joe Maddon and Naturals broadcaster Steven Davis’ impressions of flamethrower Yordano Ventura.
Enjoy and Happy Sunday! (and belated Happy Independence Day!)
Sunday, June 30, 2013 – Manager Steve Buechele
In their weekly chat, Alex spoke with ‘Riders manager Steve Buechele about the week that was after the All-Star break. He touches on the resiliency of the offense in their big come-from-behind win. He also talks about the promotion of 2012 ‘Riders outfielder Engel Beltre to the big leagues. (w/ Alex Vispoli)
Monday, July 1, 2013 – Voice of the Naturals Steven Davis
Steven Davis, the voice of the Naturals, talks about the success of the All-Star Game at Arvest Ballpark. He discusses the improved offense and the no-hitter from Brooks Pounders and reminisces on the most impressive Royals pitching prospects he has seen in his time in Springdale. (w/ Alex)
Wednesday, July 3, 2013 – RHP Tyler Tufts
Tyler Tufts made just one start in his pro career before 2013. This year, he has made 12. He has been great as a starter as well. He talks about his routine adjustment and explains what his timeline is like on the day his spot in the rotation is due up. He explains his current health situation and tosses aside the notion 100% in favor of day-to-day assessment. (w/ Nathan Barnett)
Thursday, July 4, 2013 – RHP Nick McBride
On Independence Day, RoughRiders starting pitcher Nick McBride talks about his family’s July 4th tradition on what is now his property. A fixture in the ‘Riders rotation for over a month, McBride began the season in the bullpen at Advanced-A Myrtle Beach; he discusses the change in routine and adjustment as a starter as well as the development of a new pitch. (w/ Nathan)
Friday, July 5, 2013 – Arkansas Travelers Manager Tim Bogar
Arkansas Travelers Manager Tim Bogar joined the pregame show for the final meeting of the regular season between the RoughRiders and the Travelers. He talks about his coaching tree and breaks down the play of some of the key Angels prospects on his roster. (w/ Nathan)
Saturday, July 6, 2013 – RHP Kevin Pucetas
Starting pitcher Kevin Pucetas has begun throwing a knuckleball in addition to his more conventional pitch mix. He talks about the development of that pitch and the advice given to him by R.A. Dickey. (w/ Nathan)
_____________________________________________________________________________
The RoughRiders meet up with the Naturals tonight at 6:00 p.m. from Dr Pepper Ballpark. As always, you can find the game over at RidersBaseball.com! Here Alex’s interview with the manager live tonight at around 5:50 as part of the pre-game show.
– Nathan
Baseball term of the day: raw-raw – a knuckleball
)Academics at an Australian university this week vowed to defend their organisation, the Centre for Anti-Semitic Boycotts and Zionist Protocol Studies, from accusations of promoting anti-Semitism.
“Accusing us of anti-Semitism is an outrageous slur and exactly the sort of aggressive behaviour you would expect from the Israelis," said the centre’s founding director, Professor Linche-Mobb. “To accuse our organisation of anti-Semitism is in flagrant violation of all respected international conventions and United Nations resolutions which guarantee the right of any organisation to promote whatever anti-Semitism claptrap they feel like so long as it is under the guise of freedom of academic expression."
“Anti-Semitism is a vile accusation to make against us. It is a fundamental attack on our basic human rights to say whatever we want about Jews, so long as we call them Israelis," the Professor explained.
“What these apologists for the illegitimate and illegal State of Israel fail to recognise is that it is their relentlessly militant and aggressive actions that have provoked us into taking action on behalf of the oppressed taxpayer-funded academics and freedom-loving undergraduate students of the world in order to protect our inalienable rights to pick on Jews whenever we want to, so long as we label them Israelis," said Professor Mobb.
Defending his organisation’s boycott of “Yaakov Slurpenstein’s Bagels and Babkes Bar (closed on Saturdays)", Professor Mobb was adamant that links between Slurpenstein’s great-grandfather Amos and the Warsaw uprising of 1943 showed a tendency towards activities that could only be described as “aggressively militant".
“What we are demonstrating through our rigorous research and study papers is the strong links between certain Israelis and the failure of their forefathers to seek conflict resolution in a peaceful manner as befits contemporary standards. To label such research as anti-Semitic is preposterous."
Professor Mobb went on to detail what he regarded as “an unacceptable assault upon our hard-won freedom to criticise Jews wherever they are or whatever they are doing by pretending that they’re illegally occupying the land of Palestine."
Professor Mobb claims that his extensive research has shown a questionable pattern of behaviour by many Israelis stretching back over the millennia.
“Through our research we’ve found documented instances of ritual animal slaughter, including the slaying of a fatted calf, that demonstrates unequivocally that Israel in the past has failed to adhere to international norms on animal husbandry in clear violation of the basic rights of calves, fatted or otherwise."
“We have uncovered numerous examples of the Israeli establishment flouting many such international conventions," explained Hilda Goerringstochter, a research fellow at the centre. “For example, there is the well-documented incident of a young woman – Victim S – who had her human rights violently abused when the Israeli establishment of the day turned her into a pillar of salt for the so-called crime of disobeying instructions not to look over her shoulder at the disputed territories, which were of course on fire at the time."
“And it doesn’t stop there," explained another student, Abir Intifada. “We have discovered anecdotal evidence from a variety of reliable sources that points to a major war crime being committed by an elite group of Israeli special forces operating in the Sinai, who lured the entire Egyptian army into the Red Sea, where they all perished by drowning. It is this sort ofillegal activity that calls for urgent boycotts."
Professor Mobb also cited extensively documented anecdotal evidence that pointed to a group of Israeli officials demanding the death penalty for a young man whose only crime was that he behaved in a disorderly fashion within a public space, including overturning some Treasury bureaucrats’ work spaces.
“The indisputable fact is that the Israeli government of the day washed their hands of the entire matter and the man, who was born on the West Bank, was put to death in the most barbaric manner, clearly in violation of his basic human rights, even though, apparently, he survived the ordeal and came back to life three days later."
Explaining why it was imperative that taxpayers continue to fund his organisation, Professor Mobb pointed to his institute’s even-handed advocacy for peace in the Middle East.
“By steadfastly shining a light on the grotesque crime of building apartment blocks and retirement villas, we are demonstrating to Israel’s neighbours what sort of behaviour we will and won’t tolerate; particularly to the Syrians, the Iranians, the Libyans, Hezbollah, Hamas, the Taliban, al-Qaeda and the Egyptian military."
The Australian Financial ReviewNokia 808 owners, of course, will take comfort from the known pros and cons of the two devices - in terms of experience, the shot to shot time is much faster on the 808, plus there's a lot more to fiddle with in Creative mode. Yet in fairness the 1020's four second shot to shot time is largely due to the way all shots are gathered at full resolution behind the scenes, offering up 'zoom later' possibilities that genuinely do take the PureView concept in a new (and slightly futuristic) direction.
It's almost impossible to say which device is 'better' since their strengths and weaknesses come in almost equal measure. At the end of the day, it probably comes down to ecosystem/compatibility with services. Plus it's very hard to still buy an 808, mind you, the Lumia 1020 hasn't even started its sales push in most of the world. Me? I want to own both!
From the verdict in the review:
Despite the promise of 'zoom reinvented' and the generally very good results, there's clearly still some work to do for Nokia in terms of the Lumia 1020's performance and camera functions. Most of the issues above can be directly addressed though, and perhaps the enforced exclusivity through AT&T in the USA for the first six weeks or so will work out to the 'benefit' of worldwide users, who may get a more optimised, issue-free device from day one?
Even with the issues listed though, I was very impressed by the Lumia 1020 - it's a tantalisingly slick piece of engineering. There's no denying that the 1020 does take the PureView vision behind the Nokia 808 and extend it - a few options and subtleties have been lost in the transition from Symbian to Windows Phone, but the end result is most of the power of the original system on a much more future proof hardware platform, and with some rather clever lateral thinking thrown in as well.
For a smartphone world steeped in 'iPhoneography' and relatively staid shots, the Lumia 1020 will come as something of a major leap forwards. And at long last, Windows Phone 8 has a genuine flagship device with utterly unique technology that is to be found on no other active smartphone platform.
In the next review part I'm going to look in detail at video capture, referencing the lossless zoom, OIS and other functions in a whole new light.
The video capture element is something I haven't yet compared directly with the Nokia 808, but I have the rig to do this and it seems the next natural thing to try. Will the addition of OIS compensate for the slightly smaller sensor and the lack of a dedicated image processor?Pikolo Apartments - Green studio
From $39 / night
Description from the owner
- Apartment
- 1 bedrooms
- 1 bathrooms
- Sleeps 2
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sleeps: 2
Type: Apt. / CondoPikolo Apartments - Green studio
Description from the owner
Apartments with a gorgeus sea view are situated in the nice and peaceful old settlement Borak, 2 km from the town centre, just under Dinara Mountain.
The town of Omis is situated on the mouth of the Cetina river. The north side is surrounded by steep rocky cliffs, which stretch up to 250 m above the town, whose south side is a wide seaway openning to nearby islands and into the world.
Numerous historical and cultural monuments are the witnesses of the rich history of the town from antique to this day. In the middle ages, Omiš was the pirate town. Today, it is the economic and cultural centre of the wider region.
The picturesque position and ...Read more
About the owner
About the owner
Saso M.
Saso M.
- Response rate 90%
- Response time A few hours
- Calendar updated 3 days ago
- Overall rating5.0 / 5.0 based on 2 reviews and 5 properties
Map
Pikolo Apartments - Green studio
Omis, Dalmatia, Croatia
Additional Location Information
Apartments with a gorgeus sea view are situated in the nice and peaceful old settlement Borak, 2 km from the town centre, just under Dinara Mountain.
We are pretty laid back but obviously expect our home to be treated as you would your own.
Official check in is after 12 neighbourhood.
Any additional requests will be considered so just ask :-)
More About This Location
Beach or lakeside relaxationRookie center Joel Embiid has yet to step on the court in a meaningful NBA game. That’s the bad news for the Philadelphia 76ers. The good news is that he’s used his rehab time to get huge.
Here he is straight-up beasting a defender in a one-on-one drill.
To be fair, a pro should probably convert more than 50 percent of chances from that range. But let’s not let the missed dunk ruin the first bit of hope the Sixers have had in months. Dude looks large and also in charge. Add that to his newfound ability to sink three-pointers, and Embiid is poised to be a major factor once he heals.
Share This
TAGSJoel Embiid
I want more like this!
Follow us on Facebook and get the latest before everyone else.What do you think about puppy Lamb & Rice NUTRO CHOICE kibble??
Any of you have tried it?
What do you think about puppy Lamb & Rice NUTRO CHOICE kibble??
Any of you have tried it?
Laura
LiaLia
MaiaMaia!
I'm sure you'll get lots of other great recommendations soon!
Darby & her Mom
many thanks!!!
Great advice!!
Laura
LiaLia
MaiaMaia
BookmarksDavid Jones has expressed concerns over Derby County's preseason form.
ord=Math.random()*10000000000000000;document.write('');
The former Manchester United midfielder was disappointed with their performance in this week's defeat to Crewe and told the Derby Telegraph: "You've got to start playing at a higher tempo than we did last night and start showing that we're Premier League players.
"Maybe the effort was questioned a little bit and the lads need to raise their game.
"You've got to put on a performance but not enough players did last night."
Jones felt there was an absence of motivation last night.
"Although it's only a friendly, you've got to get your mentality right for these games," he said. "They are difficult to play in. It's easy to get yourself up for Premier League games - you're just ready.
"But games like last night is more of a test of your mental strength - can you get up for games like that?
"It was disappointing. You don't want to lose any game, whether it's pre-season or a competitive game."- Large Image
-
Description
Package includes (8) cardboard hats (with elastic chin straps) to match your party theme. Easy assembly. Some ADULT assembly required. 
- Product Number
- #81436
- Material
- paper
- Air Shippable
- Yes
- Oversized
- No
- Express/Premium Surcharge
- $0.00
- Return Eligible
- Yes
- Available International
- Yes
Alligator Cone Hats
- Was:
- $0.00
- Price:
You Save %0 OFF
- Prod ID:
- 81436
- 3.0
- 2 Reviews
Discontinued Item
- We apologize for the inconvenience, but the product you're looking for has gone out of stock and is no longer available.
You May Like
Quick View Alligator Notepads
$0.49
81436 1 10
Customer Reviews
Alligator Cone Hats
2 Total Review
- Overall Rating:
- 3.0
- Write A Review
- Filter By:
Showing - of 1< Cervical cancer vaccine backlash? | Main | A legislator's day: it's not all fun >
Bill filings - Tuesday
Posted at 4:40 PM on February 13, 2007 by Bob Collins
A handful of House bills were thrown into the hopper this afternoon.
The highlights:
There have been a relatively large number of bills in the House this year dealing with mental health. None has yet come to the floor. Two more were filed today. HF922 authorizes provider rate increases (said to be one of the barriers to attracting mental health professionals to the state and it's one of the complaints when hospitals have closed mental health facilities. ) HF 923 creates a mental health fatality review team. HF936 creates a crisis intervention team state council.
HF926 provides money to study septic systems' impact on the environment. Remind me to tell you about my 12-foot-high Zinnia's around my old septic system sometime.
HF929 provides a sales tax exemption for materials used in the construction of a water treatment facility in Minnetonka. OK, nobody cares, I get that. But I'm putting this here to show you the type of bill that will get easy passage and then the gov's signature for some big points. Sponsors: Reps. Ruud and Benson.
Hf930 is a Republican bill that allows health insurance premiums to be subtracted from individual income on Minnesota's income tax.
HF941 is the bill (from Rep. Ann Lenczewski) that makes anyone who transfers to another school under the state's open enrollment program ineligible for postseason tournament competitions. That's gotten a fair amount of sports radio talk show attention.Oprah Gets Bad Customer Service At A Store, Then Says It’s Racism
Oprah Winfrey sure knows how to play the race card.
She went to a designer clothing store in Switzerland, where an assistant apparently did not recognize who she was. So naturally, Oprah assumed the clerk was being racist.
Riiight…
Oprah used the incident as an excuse to talk about Paula Deen’s use of the N-word when she appeared on Entertainment tonight. She said, “In the very first days I tried to reach her and then I decided to stay out of it as I saw it blowing up. In time she will be fine. For me, it all just felt kind of sad.”
She continued, ?”
Huh. Seems like this entire “incident” in Switzerland has more to do with Oprah’s huge ego than racism.
Your thoughts? Let us know in the comments section below.
Read more:
Cop Brutally Murders Sunday School Teacher In Front Of Church
Trayvon Supporters Try To Cancel Ted Nugent’s Performance
NY County Fair Uses Obama’s Face As Target For Dart Game
You may also like to read:
- When He Typed ‘N**** House’ Into Google Maps, He Was Stunned To Be Led To The White House…
- Thug Issues Terrifying Message To Whites ‘Bow Down To Blacks, You’re All Gonna Die’
- Obama Uses ‘Black Accent’ In Speech To African American Audience
- Respected Black TV Host Turns On Michelle Obama ‘You’re A Spoiled, Butt-Hurt Victim Whining About Unfairness’
- White Man Nearly Beaten To Death By Fifty Teenage Thugs In Baltimore
You must login in order to leave a comment.- Academic Integrity
- Academic Success Center
- Advanced Engineering Fibers and Films
- Advanced Materials Center
- Agroecology
- Animal Co-Products Research & Education
- Applied Electromagnetics
- Applied Technology (CAT)
- Archbold Tropical Research and Education Center
- Architecture Health Studio
- Architecture Center in Charleston
- Automotive Research (CU-ICAR)
- Bioelectronics, Biosensors and Biochips (C3B)
- Bioengineering Alliance of S.C.
- Brooks Center for the Performing Arts
- Career and Professional Development
- Center for Corporate Learning
- Center for Electronic and Digital Publishing (CEDP)
- Center for Improvement of Construction Management and Processes (CICMP)
- Center for Optical Materials Science and Engineering Technologies (COMSET)
- Center for Visual Arts (CVA)
- Charles H. Houston Center for the Study of the Black Experience in Education
- China Studies
- Clemson Canada Center
- Clemson University Center for Workforce Development (CUCWD)
- Clemson University International Center for Automotive Research (CU-ICAR)
- Clinical Learning and Research Center
- Computer Communication Systems
- Conservation Center
- Corporate Learning, Center of
- Daniel Center for Building Research and Urban Studies in Genoa, Italy
- University Center for Economic Development
- Economic Research on the Family
- Electronic and Digital Publishing
- Erwin Center for the Study of Advertising and Communication
- Eukaryotic Pathogens Innovation Center (EPIC)
- EXPORT Center
- Flexible Packaging
- Gantt Center for Student Life
- Fran Hanson Discovery Center
- Hendrix Student Center
- Historic Preservation, Graduate Center
- Home and Garden Information Center
- Image Processing and Artificial Intelligence Research
- Information Economy Project
- Inquiry in Motion
- Institutional Research
- Leadership in Law and Education
- Life Sciences Outreach Center
- Leadership South Carolina
- Madren Conference Training Center
- Research and Collaborative Activities
- Research in Design and Building, Richard H. Pennell Center for
- Research on Health Disparities
- Robotics and Mechatronics Research Projects
- Self Center on the Future, (Jim)
- Semiconductor Device Reliability Research
- Simpson Research Center
- Small Business Development Center
- Social Media Listening Center
- S.C. Botanical Garden
- S.C. Center of Excellence for Inquiry in Mathematics and Science
- S.C. DNA Learning Center
- S.C. State Systemic Initiative, AOP HUB
- S.C. Water Resources Center
- South Carolina COBRE Center of Biomaterials for Tissue Regeneration (SCBioCraft)
- Statistics and Mathematics Consulting Center
- Student Life
- Sullivan Center
- Teaching Effectiveness and Innovation
- Watershed Excellence
- Wireless Communications
- Writing CenterUnder the current administration Columbus has not been a priority in the State Transportation Plan. In my activist pursuits I have been engaged with State Leaders in changing our role in the current transportation process. The change in most statewide seats gives our region a new opportunity. Currently the 4% motor fuel tax is not dedicated to transportation, it goes to fund pork projects through the General Fund. I will introduce legislation to dedicate those funds solely to transportation projects. The last major improvements to Georgia's transportation infrastructure was in the late 60's and early 70's. I will be a leading voice in making transportation a priority for Georgia and ensure the Lower Chattahoochee's role in the decision making process.
Source:Results 11 to 15 of 26 haveMetal items are separated and removed
Friday, February 11, 2011 6:21 PM
Cast iron radiators and other metal items are separated as they are removed. Express-Times Photo | BILL ADAMS
Related articles
- Allentown explosion victims' names, causes of death released - UPDATE February 11, 2011, 5:36 PM
- Allentown explosion probe continues as some residents return home February 11, 2011, 4:45 PM
- Allentown homes destroyed in massive explosion razed; officials still trying to pinpoint cause of blast February 12, 2011, 12:31 AM
- Family friend visited Cruz home hours before Allentown blast February 12, 2011, 12:31 PM
- Allentown explosion investigation continues; first look at gas pipe inconclusive February 12, 2011, 2:30 PM
- Allentown explosion 'most likely' caused by broken piece of pipe, official says February 13, 2011, 9:46 PM
- Gov. Tom Corbett tours Allentown blast site February 14, 2011, 3:25 PM
- Allentown explosion has financial, emotional cost; Bob Casey wants answers about pipe safety February 16, 2011, 12:32 AM
- Allentown gas explosion victims receive $185,000 in donations April 04, 2011, 2:27 PM
- Allentown Mayor Ed Pawlowski calls on U.S. Sen. Rand Paul to stop blocking passage of pipeline safety bill September 30, 2011, 4:33 PM
- Families of Allentown explosion victims file wrongful death lawsuit January 20, 2012, 2:48 PM
- Lehigh Valley legislators contend region safer a year after Allentown blast February 05, 2012, 4:55 AM
- Allentown gas explosion site still empty gravel lots one year later February 08, 2012, 4:35 AMWith 31 hardcover novels reaching number one and 45 total books on the list, author James Patterson has earned the Guinness World Record for the “Most Entries on The New York Times Best-Seller List.”
Guinness will bestow the award tomorrow (Saturday May 30th) at BookExpo America in New York City. The record will be recorded in “The Guinness World Records 2010,” which comes out in September.
Here’s a statement from Craig Glenday, EIC of Guinness World Records: “Patterson’s success is a bright spot in the publishing world … He’s a prolific writer who has been able to deliver quality work with astounding consistency throughout the years.”">
Spouses/Children:
1. Betty Jacqueline HENSHAW
Gordon had a relationship with Betty Jacqueline HENSHAW.
Gordon next married Margaret LLOYD in Jan 1965 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
This site is a member of WebRing.
To browse visit
here.
Home | Table of Contents | Surnames | Name List
This Web Site was Created 29 Jun 2014 with Legacy 8.0 from MillenniaModule Name: src Committed By: vanhu Date: Wed Sep 17 12:49:50 UTC 2008 Modified Files: src/crypto/dist/ipsec-tools [ipsec-tools-0_7-branch]: ChangeLog src/crypto/dist/ipsec-tools/src/racoon [ipsec-tools-0_7-branch]: isakmp_inf.c Log Message: Fixed port match in purge_ipsec_spi() when NAT-T enabled and trying to purge non NAT-T SAs To generate a diff of this commit: cvs rdiff -r1.91.4.65 -r1.91.4.66 src/crypto/dist/ipsec-tools/ChangeLog cvs rdiff -r1.14.4.14 -r1.14.4.15 \ src/crypto/dist/ipsec-tools/src/racoon/isakmp_inf.c Please note that diffs are not public domain; they are subject to the copyright notices on the relevant files.Mario Kart Super Circuit
(Redirected from Mario Kart: Super Circuit)
[edit] Background
Mario Kart: Super Circuit is a racing game developed and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance in 2001. In the game, eight racers take to the tracks and race for first place. It is the first Mario Kart game not to be developed by Nintendo EAD; instead, it was developed by Intelligent Systems. It was the first Mario Kart released on a handheld game system; in 2005, a sequel titled Mario Kart DS was released. This game won an award, and well-received by reviewers. The game is more similar to the original Super Mario Kart than the rest.
[edit] Playable Characters
[edit] Controls
• D-Pad - Move Vehicle in desired Direction.
• Start Button - Bring up the Pause Menu
• A Button - Accelerate
• B Button - Brake
• L Button - Use Item
• R Button - Jump/Power Slide
[edit] Game Mechanics
Boost Start
A staple of the Mario Kart series. Hit the gas on the last light to boost ahead to the pack for an immediate advantage.
Jump Turn
Often tapping R to jump will offer a sharper turn than other cornering methods.
Slide
Press and hold R to slide round corners, minimizing speed loss. The degree of control is less than that of jumping round.
Powerslide
The powerslide system used here is likely to throw many Mario Kart fans, as it’s done quite differently. Instead of the usual method you simply have to maintain a slide for about 2 seconds to receive a boost when you exit the slide.
Trailing items
Many weapons can be tailed behind the kart, and this is advisable. This technique provides a shield from many attacks from other karters. This technique wouldn't shield you from all attacks though.
Recovery Boost
If you fly off track, all is not lost. If you hit the gas just before your kart touches the track you’ll boost off, ideal for catching up again.
Prevent Spinout
If you hit a banana or anything that would cause a spinout and start losing control it's possible to prevent the spin. Quickly hit the brake, then let go when the music note appears, signaling a successful recovery.
Fast Item Selection
When the game is cycling through the items tap L to instantly stop the cycle and receive an item.
[edit] Game Modes
Grand Prix
Info: This is where you compete for trophies in a four-race race series. Player’s are awarded points based on where they finish in a race, and the total points earned after four races determines what trophies are awarded. There are a total of 10 cups and 3 racing classes to compete in.
Time Trial
Info: A solo game mode. Players race solo on their chosen track for three laps trying to set best time records, with a triple boost as their only item. It is possible to save up to 10 ghost runs and to store up to 2 transferred ghost runs.
Versus (Mutli-Cart)
Info: Race against your friends on any available track of your choosing. Game mode only for multiplayer races.
Versus (Single-Cart)
Info: Race against your friends on a one of four tracks using different coloured Yoshis. Game mode only for multiplayer races.
Battle
Info: Multiplayer game mode where players compete to pop the balloons on the opposition karts using weapons. Last kart remaining with balloon(s) wins.
Quick Run
Info: Single player version of the versus game, allowing the player to challenge the computer on any available track of their choosing. Options such as number of laps and coins can be adjusted for this.
[edit] Mulitplayer Modes
Mario GP Mode
This is just a race between you, your friend and 6 other computers. Works in the same way a normal GP race would.
Vs. Mode
This is just 1 track with 2-4 human characters and no computers.
Battle Mode
Two to four players are placed in specially designed battle arenas, strewn with power-ups. Each player has three balloons attached to their kart, and each time he or she takes a successful hit (from an offensive item or aggressive ramming), he or she loses one. Upon losing the last, he or she is taken out of the game. The last player standing wins.
[edit] Secrets
Special Cup
Achieve a gold trophy on all four previous cups to unlock the Special Cup for that speed setting. Unlock at 150cc to use in all modes.
Extra Cups
Get a gold trophy and collect at least 100 coins to unlock the extra version of that cup for that speed setting. Unlock at 150cc to use in all modes.
Title Screen
Get a gold trophy on every Super Circuit cup on every speed setting to get a sunset title screen. Earn a triple star ranking on every Super Circuit cup on every speed setting to get a night-time title screen.
Driver Select Fun
While choosing your driver press L to fire a shell and press R to jump.
[edit] Pages
Related ThreadsMario Kart 64 Vs. Mario Kart Super Circuit - last post by @ Aug 11, 2010
mario kart super circuit the story - last post by Chad @ Dec 21, 2005
Take the Quiz of Mario Kart Super Circuit! - last post by @ Feb 23, 2010
Super Circuit - last post by @ May 12, 2007
Mario Kart Super Circiut (vs) Crash Nitro Kart - last post by Chad @ Dec 21, 2005Packages
Completion of this package fulfills the 36-hour continuing education requirement for Georgia starting July 1, 2015 through May 31, 2016.
This renewal package consists of 7 courses:
- Pricing Property to Sell
- Writing Contracts
- Tax Advantages of Home Ownership
- Methods of Residential Finance
- Green Home Construction
- Ethics in Real Estate
- Environmental Hazards Disclosure
Fufill the Georgia elective CE requirement for 24 hours of real estate CE for an agent with this package.
It includes the following 4 courses:
- Commercial Finance and Investment Analysis
- Sales Comparison Approach
- Income Capitalization OverviewCost Approach Overview
Complete the 24-hour continuing education requirement for Georgia with this commercial-based package.
This renewal package consists of 4 courses:
- Commercial Leases
- Commercial Finance and Investment Analysis
- Commercial Sales and Exchanges
- Structuring Ownership in Commercial Real Estate
Completion of this package fulfills the 24-hour continuing education requirement for Georgia.
This renewal package consists of 4 courses:
- Pricing Property to Sell
- Licensees as Principal
- Tax Advantages of Home Ownership
- Methods of Residential Finance
Complete the continuing education requirement for Georgia for the 25-hour post-license course in your first year of licensure.
This package consists of the following 3 courses:
- Licensees as Principal
- Property Management
- Tax Advantages of Home Ownership
Courses
Georgia Licensees, Stay Ahead of the Game!
Complete Your Georg. Depending on whether you need the full 24hr or just 18hrs, Career WebSchool gives you more.Panasonic RP-HJE120-D
"Panasonic RP-HJE120-Orange Brand New Includes 90 Days Warranty, Ear Bud Headphones, ErgoFit Design, Neodymium Rare Earth Magnet Drivers, 3 Pairs Of Soft Earpads Included (S/M/L), Colors Match iPod Nano 5th Generation"
$28.95
Free shipping
3068AV Switchable Stereo/Mono Headphones
Califone's 3068AV Switchable Stereo/Mono Headphones are durable and all-purpose. It's easy for your kids to switch from stereo to mono sound to fit any application. The 3068AV headphones come standard with a 3.5 millimeter plug and ... more
Find other Headphones...
$8.88 ... more
$9.99
STREET by 50 Cent Wired In-Ear Headphones - Black by SMS Audio
STREET by 50 Cent Wired In-Ear Headphones - Black by SMS Audio more
Smartmoneymart.com
$69.95
$129.95
 Bluetooth Headphones - The red Privates by Outdoor Tech
"The Privates bluetooth headphones are our new, touch-control wireless headphones. They are loaded with features like a 3.5mm AUX jack, integrated hinges for easy folding, and a canvas wrap around the headband. They feature a touch-pad ... more
$99.95
$149.95
Bluetooth
Puro Sound Labs Studio Grade Dual Dynamic Driver In-Ear Monitors
New - IEM500 Dual Dynamic Driver In-Ear Monitors - packed with patent-pending technology that eliminates the muddy bass inherent in in-ear monitors. A phase-optimized system is tuned to eliminate the increased mid-bass energy that is ... more
$199.99
Logitech Wireless Gaming Headset G930
With a lag-free wireless connection and powered by Dolby Headphone 7.1 surround sound, G930 keeps your head in the game for up to 10 hours between charges. Product Type: Headset - 7.1 channel - 2.4 GHz Recommended Use: PC multimedia ... more
$154.99
GN Netcom Jabra GN9330e with GN1000 Handset Lifter (9326-518-205)
"Jabra GN9330e Headset with Lifter Brand New Includes One Year Warranty, Up To 325' Range, New DECT 6.0 Technology - Interference Free Communication - Increased Clarity / Enhanced Security - Wider Range / Network Friendly, 1.9GHz Wireless ... more
$349.95
Beats by Dr. Dre - Beats Studio Over-the-Ear Headphones - Blue
"Over-the-ear design Along with leatherette ear cushions for comfort during extended listening sessions. Adaptive noise canceling Helps block outside sounds for crisp, clear audio with minimal distractions. Rechargeable battery Provides up ... more
celire
$50.01
Beats by Dr. Dre Studio Over Ear Headphones - Black
"Connectivity Technology: Wired Sound Mode: Stereo Features: Auto On/Off, Foldable, Lightweight, Noise Cancelling, USB Charging Earpiece Design: Over-the-head Earpiece Type: Binaural Microphone Design: On-cable Host Interface: Mini-phone ... more
$178.97
Beats by Dr. Dre - Beats Solo 2 On-Ear Wireless Headphones - Red
"Wireless on-ear design Comfortably transfers music and calls up to 30' away from your device. Compatible with most Bluetooth devices So you can listen to music or make a call with the built-in microphone. Rechargeable battery Lasts up to ... more
$50.00
SB40 Monitoring Headset w/ Mic
Give your students access to high-quality stereo sound without the distraction of outside noises using the SB40 Monitoring Headset with Mic from Koss. It features a dynamic element microphone that eliminates excessive background noise and ... more
$31.99
zZounds
$239.00 $169.00
Bose AE2w Bluetooth Headphones
Bose AE2w Bluetooth Headphones are the first wireless headphones from Bose give you the freedom to enjoy your movies, videos and music unplugged. more
$249.95
Vibe Sound DJ Style Stereo Over Ear Headphones All Devices with 3.5mm Blue
Vibe Premium DJ Style Overhead Noise Reduction Stereo headphones in Variety of Colors provide the ultimate comfort with an adjustable headband, comfortable deluxe padded headband and ear cushions and full over ear coverage. Listen to music ... more
Walmart.com
$6.95
Behringer HPX2000 DJ Headphones
As a DJ, you want your headphones to deliver a wide frequency response and high dynamic range. The Behringer HPX2000 headphones give you incredible performance for a price well within any budget. more
$29.99 $19.99
BOSS AUDIO HP36RD Dual Channel Foldable Wireless Infrared Headphone
with RemoteDual Channel Foldable Wireless Infrared Headphone more
Boss Audio Systems
$29.99
BOSS AUDIO HP34C Dual Channel Infrared Foldable Cordless Headphone
Dual Channel Infrared Foldable Cordless Headphone w/ Interchangeable Color Caps more
$34.99
Shure SE535-CL (Triple Driver Earphones, Clear)
Live Sound Monitoring - NOTE: Due to the personal nature of earphones, this product is not returnable.When you're onstage, nothing affects your show the way being able to hear yourself does. That's why just any pair of earphones simply ... more
$549.99 $499.99
Bravo View IH-07AB DUAL SOURCE Automotive IR Wireless Headphones
Use these Bravo View IH-07AB DUAL Wireless Headphones to watch movies or listen to music in the passenger seat during road trips. These SOURCE Automotive Wireless Headphones feature a multilevel adjustable headband and comfortable leather ... more
$173.33 $29.99
BOSS AUDIO HP32 Dual Channel Infrared Foldable Cordless Headphone
Dual Channel Infrared Foldable Cordless Headphone more
Bravo View IH-03A Kid-Friendly Automotive IR Wireless Headphones
The Bravo wireless vehicle headphones work with most mobile video systems that have that have a built-in infrared transmitter. These infrared mobile headphones are designed to give your child the most comfortable and entertaining ... more
$24.98 $19.88
Plantronics BackBeat GO 2 Earset - Stereo - Black - Wireless - Bluetooth
"Plantronics Backbeat GO 2 Black Brand New Includes One Year Warranty Replaces Backbeat GO, Dual Earpiece, Noise-Canceling Microphone, Connect to Multiple Devices, Convenient In-Line Volume / Mute Control, Up To 5 Hours Talk Time, Extended ... more
Jabra Busylight for Wireless Headsets Online Indicator
"Jabra Busylight for Wireless Headsets, Product # 14207-10, Busylight On-Line Indicator, Turns Red When You Are on a Call, Works w/ Jabra Headset Models GN9330 GN9330e GN9350 GN9350e PRO9450 PRO9460 PRO9465 PRO9470 GO6470 Motion Office" more
$34.95
Hifi Wireless Headphones - The Bluetooth Tuis by Outdoor Tech
Beats By Dr. Dre - Beats Studio Over-the-Ear Headphones - White
"Over-the-ear design Features soft earcups for comfort during extended listening sessions. Plush, flip-up earcups Covered in ultrasoft breathable materials allow you to play music at all volumes with minimal distortion. Active noise ... more
Beats by Dr. Dre - Beats Solo HD On-Ear Headphones - Drenched in
"On-ear design Features soft leather earcups and an adjustable headband for comfort during extended listening sessions. Advanced driver technology For robust sound. 2 speakers in each can Deliver clear highs and deep booming lows in ... more
$169.99
Beats by Dr. Dre - Beats Studio Wireless On-Ear Headphones - Blu
"Lightweight, on-ear design For comfort during extended listening sessions. Soft earcups and an ergonomic bellow help ensure a custom fit. ANC (Adaptive Noise Cancellation) Automatically adjusts audio for the optimal blend of music and ... more
$379.99
Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds - The white Tags by Outdoor
Shure SRH940 Headphones
Designed for professional audio engineers and in-studio talent, SRH940 Headphones from Shure provide accurate response across the entire audio spectrum to deliver smooth high-end extension with tight bass. Superior transient response ... more
$375.00 $269.95
Shure SE846 Sound Isolating Earphones, Clear
Featuring Quad High-Definition MicroDrivers with True Subwoofer, Shure SE846 Sound Isolating Earphones deliver extended high-end clarity and unparalleled low-end performance. more
$1,250.00 $999.00
$239.00 $154.95
Preschool Headphones
Egghead's Preschool Headphones feature a durable plastic casing that withstands the heavy use of preschool classrooms. Colorful, padded earcups and an adjustable headband keep kids comfortable while they listen. The six-foot cord has a ... more
$6.88
Ads relatedRTC Final Four Tidbits: 03.30.10Posted by rtmsf on March 31.
Butler (Andrew Murawa)
- While Butler playing in the Final Four is undoubtedly good for Bulldog fans, there is some question of whether it is good financially for Indianapolis.
- John Gasaway at Basketball Prospectus says that Matt Howard staying out of foul trouble is not nearly as important as you would think, but that Butler forcing turnovers is.
- For the Sporting News’ Ryan Fagan, Gordon Hayward is the most important piece of the puzzle for the Bulldogs, and the most important player in the Final Four.
- Gregg Doyel thinks this may be the year that a mid-major (or Cinderella, or just plain old “smaller school”), in the form of these Bulldogs, wins the title.
- But Detroit Mercy head coach Ray McCallum thinks there may be a script for beating Butler; the question is whether anyone can follow that script, something his Titans failed to do this season.
- ESPN’s Tim Keown has an interesting comparison of the approaches that Butler and Kentucky take towards their programs, with the Bulldogs (mostly by necessity) building piece by piece for the future while Kentucky (and more specifically, John Calipari) relies on short-term superstars.
Duke (Patrick Sellars)
- The Bleacher Report puts their own spin on a preview of the Duke Blue Devils.
- An article from the Star Tribune discusses how Duke ruined the Final Four because they are the only unlikable team in the mix.
- Here’s an article from the Miami-Herald on why people despise Duke, and apparently it starts with Coach K. I suppose the rest of the ACC hating on Duke continues into the offseason.
- Want to know who the best white Duke player of all time was? Well now you can! Thank God Josh McRoberts missed the list.
Michigan State
- 538.com’s Nate Silver proves what we all know as fact: Tom Izzo is really good at this coaching thing.
- Raymar Morgan has had a Spartan career saddled with expectations and ups and downs, but he’s back in the Final Four and comfortable with how his career has played out.
- Tom Izzo is a Michigan Man through and through, and very proud of that fact.
- A revived Durrell Summers is a large part of the reason why MSU is back in the Final Four despite a rough finish to the end of the regular season.
West Virginia
- The WaPo delves into the love affair that West Virginians have with their Mountaineers, showing the deep pride the citizens have for their team and players.
- None other than Mountaineer legend Jerry West discusses just how much he likes this team, of which his son Jonnie is a part.
- Despite the love that citizens of the state have for their team, only one player, little used Cam Payne is from the Mountain State. Well, he and Huggins, of course.
- The endless saga of Truck Bryant’s foot took another turn today, as Huggins said that it’s “very doubtful” that he will play in the Final Four next weekend.Hi. I had been having a dwindling sex drive for the past year or two and have a husband with a really high sex drive so it was really getting to be an issue. I went to a gyno locally who specializes in women's low libido and I got my results today. I have almost zero testosterone so I got a prescription for testosterone gel today and am going to start using it. It's a low dose -- .5 mg/day. I'm wondering if there's anyone already on it and can tell me if it helped them or anything to expect. I have high hopes -- and so does my husband!Want a free ringtone? Audiko.net! The best opportunity to download a free KEKS ringtones for your iPhone or mobile. Take your favorite segment from your favorite piece of music - sky, HorskÐ± drÐ±ha, Řádky mých snů, or any other track. Then download the prepared KEKS ringtones to your gadget, and enjoy Rock music by KEKS every time your phone rings. If you adore Rock or maybe Czech and Pop music, then you will probably like Michal Hudček, Petra, or as or maybe Czech and Pop music, then you will probably like Michal Hudček, Petra, or or as well. For all who want a free KEKS ringtone, we also recommend listening to Soft Rock, and melodic. You may have your track piece both in the MP3 and m4a formats, compatible with both mobile phones and iPhones. Just select a track, and choose free KEKS ringtones download option.
Download KEKS Ringtones
Top free ringtones
Albums
KEKS
KEKS
KEKS30-May-2014
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of
Bridge Credit Facility to Support Tender Offer
As previously announced, on April 26, 2014, Image Sub Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company ("Sub"), entered into a Merger Agreement (the "Merger Agreement") with Integrated Memory Logic Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company ("iML"), and a Tender Agreement with certain shareholders of iML (the "Tender Agreement"). Also on April 26, 2014, Exar Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Exar") entered into a Parent Agreement with iML (the "Parent Agreement") and a Guarantee Agreement with certain shareholders of iML (the "Tender Agreement Guarantee"). Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of Exar. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Sub commenced a tender offer (the "Offer") to acquire all of the outstanding ordinary shares of iML (the "Shares") at a price of NT$91.00 per Share in cash.
On May 29, 2014, Sub completed the Offer. 68,319,091 Shares (the "Accepted Shares") were validly tendered in the Offer, representing approximately 92% of iML's outstanding Shares. The persons from whom the Accepted Shares were acquired were the shareholders of iML. Sub will pay an aggregate purchase price of NT$6,217,037,281 to iML shareholders for the tendered Shares.
On May 27, 2014 (the "Initial Funding Date"), Exar entered into a bridge credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with the lenders party thereto (the "Lenders"), and Stifel Financial Corp., as Administrative Agent (the "Administrative Agent"). The Credit Agreement provides Exar with a bridge term loan credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $90 million (the "Bridge Facility"). The proceeds of the Bridge Facility may be used to purchase the Shares in connection with the Offer and the acquisition of iML and to pay related fees and expenses. Exar may draw on the Bridge Facility up to 3 times until the earliest to occur of (a) the date that is 200 days following the first date on which all conditions precedent to the Offer have been satisfied and the Offer has been consummated in accordance with the Merger Agreement, the Tender Agreement and the other documents related to the acquisition of iML (the "Tender Effective Date"), (b) the date on which the merger of Sub into iML (the "Merger") is consummated pursuant to the Merger Agreement and (c) the date on which the Lenders' commitments to advance funds to Exar otherwise terminates in accordance with the Credit Agreement. As of the date hereof, Exar has drawn $65 million under the Bridge Facility.
The loans made under the Bridge Facility mature on the earliest to occur of (a) the date that is 30 days after the consummation of the Merger, (b) if the Merger has not occurred, the date that is 210 days following the Tender Effective Date and (c) the date on which the loans made pursuant to the Bridge Facility are declared due or otherwise become due and payable pursuant to the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement also requires that the loans made under the Bridge Facility be prepaid within 2 business days of Exar's actual receipt of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of iML.
Interest on loans made under the Bridge Facility accrues, at Exar's option, at a rate per annum equal to (1) the Base Rate (as defined below) plus (a) during the first 90 days following the Initial Funding Date, 7.5% and (b) thereafter, 8.5% or (2) 1-month LIBOR plus (a) during the first 90 days following the Initial Funding Date, 8.5% and (b) thereafter, 9.5%. The "Base Rate" is equal to, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the prime rate in effect on such day, (b) the federal funds effective rate in effect on such day plus 0.50%, and (c) 1 month LIBOR plus 1.00%. The Base Rate is subject to a floor of 2.5%, and LIBOR is subject to a floor of 1.5%.
All obligations of Exar under the Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by Exar's wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries and by Image Sub Limited (the "Guarantors") under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement that was entered into by Exar, the Guarantors and the Administrative Agent on the Initial Funding Date (the "Guarantee and Collateral Agreement"). Pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, the obligations of Exar and the Guarantors under the Credit Agreement and the related guaranties are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of Exar and the Guarantors, except that the collateral excludes (a) the Shares until the Shares are removed from the Taiwan Depository & Clearing Corporation's book-entry system and (b) certain other specified assets of Exar and the Guarantors.
The Credit Agreement contains certain mandatory prepayments, representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, negative covenants and conditions that are customarily required for similar financings. The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default including, but not limited to, the failure to make payments of interest or principal under the Credit Agreement, the failure to comply with the covenants and agreements specified in the Credit Agreement, the failure to pay principal on certain other indebtedness, the acceleration of such other indebtedness and certain events of insolvency. If any event of default occurs, the principal, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding amounts under the Credit Agreement may become due and payable immediately.
. . .
The entirety of Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including without limitation the description of the acquisition by Sub of the Accepted Shares and the price and aggregate amount paid for the Accepted Shares, and the descriptions of the Merger Agreement, the Tender Agreement, the Parent Agreement, the Tender Guarantee Agreement and the Credit Agreement (including the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), is incorporated into this Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K by reference as if fully restated herein.
Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Sub intends to conduct a second-step merger in which Sub will merge with and into iML, and the remaining outstanding Shares will be converted into the right to receive NT$91.00 per Share in cash. When complete, the gross transaction value is currently estimated to be NT$6.8 billion (approximately US$224), or NT$2.8 billion (approximately US$92 million), net of cash acquired.
Exar financed the acquisition of the Shares with a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under the Credit Agreement.
The disclosures required by this Item 2.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, above, and are incorporated herein by reference as if fully restated herein.
On May 29, 2014, Exar issued a press release relating to the consummation of the Offer. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The press release contains statements intended as "forward-looking statements" that are subject to the cautionary statements about forward-looking statements set forth in the press release.
(a)-(b) All financial information required by this Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K in connection with the Offer and the acquisition of the Shares will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K within seventy-one (71) calendar days from the date that this Current Report on Form 8-K must be filed.
(d) Exhibits.My husband and I are getting a divorce. I moved out of the home, we're both on the mortgage. I'm paying rent on another place, and he is still living in the home. We're trying to do this uncontested, but he's insisting that I continue to pay half the mortgage until he moves out (which won't be for several months, he doesn't want to move until he gets another job in a different town). After he moves, we're going to try to sell it or get renters. I think he should have to move now (or soon) so we can try to rent or sell right away instead of having it be so open-ended.
Would it be normal for a judge to order me to pay half the mortgage while he lives there? He thinks that if this were contested, he would get to stay there and have me pay half, but that just doesn't seem right to me
Divorce / Separation Lawyer
There are a lot of issues in your question. It's difficult to predict what a judge do since each case is unique. You certainly do not want your bills to be unpaid, but you shouldn't have to support two households. My best advice would be to hire an attorney and get a temporary order in place to protect yourself. What happens if you don't pay? Will your husband allow the house to go into foreclosure and ruin your credit?
A good attorney would help you get a temporary scenario in place that allows you to separate from your husband and maintain your own households during this process. In fact, depending on the circumstances, you may be entitled to some support. Seek a consultation ASAP.
Legal disclaimer: Note Mr. Naggiar.
Divorce / Separation Lawyer
There is no order in place that says you have to do anything. Is the debt in your name? If so, you face trouble with the mortgage holder but not the court. Do you know if he is paying the house note at all? Many times, folks agree to pay their half only to learn that the other person took their money and didn't pay the house note anyway.
Wanting to do a divorce "uncontested" often costs people more than if they hired an attorney to begin with. If it's uncontested, then why did you have to move out instead of both of you living under the same roof? Was there tension, aggression, violence, threats? If not, then a court might not be sympathetic to you moving out when you couldn't afford to do so. If there is ample reason for you to have moved then you probably should have hired an attorney and made him move out - unless the house is so underwater that there is no way you could keep it.
If the house is underwater and neither of you can keep it then the question becomes "is the debt in both of your names?" If so, you are in a world of financial trouble either way. If not, then, again, maybe you should keep the house and force his departure. It is now more difficult to put yourself back into the house but that's only if you want it. I agree that you need to see an attorney. Every month that goes by you are losing money that could go to a lawyer who can stop you from losing even more money.
- or -You currently have javascript disabled. Several functions may not work. Please re-enable javascript to access full functionality.
New Community Member
Posted 12 January 2013 - 09:10 PM
Posted 17 January 2013 - 02:33.
Advanced Community Member
Posted 17 January 2013 - 03:09 PM 19 January 2013 - 04:04 PM
Gluten Free 2/12
Let the soul speak with the silent articulation of a face
~Rumi
Community Member
Posted 20 January 2013 - 06:48 AM
Posted 20 January 2013 - 06 - 07:12 AM
DH is called "the suicidal itch" & that's for a reason. It itches insanely, burns, stings, & the lesions can be painful & sore.
Posted 22 January 2013 - 07:38 PM
Posted 22 January 2013 - 07:51 PM
Posted 23 January 2013 - 04:23 PM
Mushroom
Posted 23 January 2013 - 04:54 PM
Ditto to Squirming's pics. Mine looks EXACTLY like yours.
Posted 23 January 2013 - 05:52 PM
Posted 24 January 2013 - 10:15 AM
Posted 25 January 2013 - 06:43 AM
Posted 25 January 2013 - 05:42 PM
Thanks Shroomie. It does suck.- Male, 21,
213
- from Gleann na Madadh
- Profile views: 12,358
- Member since: April 2006
- Last active: 4/29/09
-
- Photos of Kenneth Keaveney (1)
- Send a message
- Use this skin
- Favorite skins
- Share this profile
-
- Report Abuse
Advertisement
- Tagline
- racist???..... or just having the craic??!
- Me, Myself, and I
- CRAZY webcam girls,leave me alone!
Kenneth keaveney, critically acclaimed as "the best guy since jesus"
and now I
JIZZ IN MY PANTS
don’t tell your friends or I’ll say your a slut
plus its your fault, you were rubbing my butt
I’m very sensitive, some would say that’s a plus
Last week - I saw a film
As I recall it was a horror film
Walked outside into the rain
Checked my phone and saw you rang and I
JIZZED
........|///|...........
........|///|...........
|///////////////////|.... R.I.P
........|///|........... Gary Keavney''Gazza''
........|///|........... Frank Fahy
........|///|...........
ye will never be forgotten!
- | .ılılı. | Music | .ılılı. |
- like trance! ATB, Hixxy , Styles , System F, Delerium , Faithless, dj maclean
Bonkers..snow patrol, the killers, Delorentos, Arcade Fire, Artic Monkeys, Foo Fighters, the red hot chili peppers, the Frames, Kings of leon, feeder, MGMT, britney, rihanna, akon, robyn, the game, lady gaga, basement jaxx, anyting!!
- | .ılılı. | Films | .ılılı. |
- Gladiator, white chicks, snatch, Borat, Pulp Fiction , Superbad, Juno, Trainspotting, Braveheart, Anchorman, Lock StocK nd two Smokin Barrels , mean machine, semi pro, the dark knight, step-brothers, BOVINITY
- | .ılılı. | Sports | .ılılı. |
- soccer, football, rugby, watchn tv/porn
- | .ılılı. | Scared of | .ılılı. |
- gays!michael wne e's not laughing!no money!
- | .ılılı. | Happy wen | .ılılı. |
- sleepn, watchn tv, listenin 2 music
- | .ılılı. | Hate | .ılılı. |
- unfulfilling wanks
close Friends
Michael Gibbons
Chris K
Natalie Joyner
Alcoholics Anonymous
Dean M
Rachel Molloy
Fionnuala.Ox
Danielle J
David Quinn
Alicia Collins
David Lennon
Daniel Rodgers
Eilis
Kieran Smith
Conor R
- Hazel -
Declan Keaveney
Kevin Keaveney
Kevin McKeague
Keith Davis
Laura-Anne Horkan
Sinead Dillon
Patrick Rushe
Boo Boo'
close Video Box
Bloc Party - Helicopter
Having AutoPlay on gives you the best media experience on Bebo. When you visit another user's profile, their Video Box will automatically start playing their current favorite video.
You can change your account settings at anytime here: account settings
close Blog
PULP FICTIONThere I will execute great vengeance upon them with furious rebukes; and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall lay my vengeance upon them.''.
close Photos
family guy (10)
my album2 (21)
new years nd xmas (2)
ta best team ever!! (3)
close Games
superhero are you?
What type of superhero are you?
My result is: Spiderman
Your fast, strong, can climb walls and shoot web what more would you want.
happy bday kenken
xxx ur hott
xx
x
bday luv!..*hapy bday*~>
Happy B'daii
x x x x
More B'dai Lovee
x x x x
Shud ur age nt say 17?
Lovee
x x x x
alryt ride...ows da shoulder doin..gud job ur tuf..
ps ur absolutely gorgeous
x x x x
More
x x x x
Eya shithead x x x
Ere fck face i get paid alot actualy..50p 4 da nite, nat 2 bad lik
..yea ofcoarse il b blessin u wit me presence lik always
..u an dat anthony huree r jus gna b raped wen a c ye's slutsss
...me an ma auntie is cumin dwn da mra, goin ot fri an sat nite
..
aw not alot nw,same shit reli!got training nw n a few minutes!
oh skul was mighty as usual!ah twas!..hw cum u wernt n ya dosser?!
tut tut!no on kenneth!missin days!
scan, im jus after av a seriouse wank in the handicapped jacks in nui!! fuckn seriouse!!
ohryt, wldnt wana kno eda.. Mmm mst da tym apart frm wen ez cranky
x x x x
oh ryt, wld i nt? Ah ez nt dat bad tho, cn b alri sumtyms
x x x x
Hot piece f ass?Now hu wld dat b? Jst doin da h/w & txtn sum freak,e wnt stop stalkin me
x x x x
Yad wana b
Ne crk?x x x x
f im lucky??
U shud neway..wank
x x x xBlahzay
Tangerine
$179.994.66666666667 / 5
Product Overview
Relaxed fit cargo pants built with miltary influence and storage in mind for all your stashing needs.Read more
Item code: 8130000470/829 Nylon Twill
Nylon TwillView all 10k/10k Nylon Twill.
Snap Lift Cuffs
keep your cuffs up and avoid asphalt thrash.
Reviews
- Blahzay
- Reviews
- 1
Chris Phelts
One of the best pare of boarding pants I've owned!
Epilepsy in children is considered as one of the most prevalent neurological condition which also affects the adult population to a great extent. It is marked by the occurrence of chronic seizures in a child without any provocation. These seizures take place due to excessive and abnormal neuronal activities in a child’s brain. Epileptic seizures can be controlled by proper medication though complete cure may not be achieved.
The good thing is that some variants of this syndrome are only limited to the childhood of a person. Epilepsy, as a matter of fact, should be understood as a group of syndromes with various symptoms. However all of them are linked with irregular electric activity that takes place in the brain of the victim.
This can occur to a child anytime after his or her birth. On an average estimate, this menace can affect one in every 200 children. It happens in children even in the developed nations. In fact epilepsy in children is quite a common disorder which requires immediate medical attention and proper rehabilitative treatment.
Epilepsy in children can be classified into 40 categories. However, they fall under two major groups. The generalized types of seizures impact the entire brain. On the other hand, the Myoclonic seizures tend to impact one side of the victim’s brain. This again can be divided into simple or complex types. In the former a child remains conscious while in the latter he loses consciousness totally. Some of the complex seizure types are psychomotor seizures and temporal lobe epilepsy.
Surprising as it may sound, for 60% to 70% cases of Epilepsy in children there are no specific causes. However, the doctors point to some factors that have been found in the affected children. The malformation of a child’s brain can lead to seizures.
If the child’s brain is damaged due to some infection or if he suffers hemorrhage while being born he may become a prey to epilepsy later. Other suspects include low blood sugar levels, meningitis and encephalitis. A child can also become a victim of seizure due to his genetic attributes in some instances. Some doctors point to the genetic factor more than any other.
Usually, most types of seizures take place quickly. It has been observed that the children affected by these syndromes are extremely sensitive to change of light patterns such as flickering on the television.
Children who suffer from poisoning due to exposure to toxic chemicals can develop epilepsy later in their life.
Since epilepsy can attack different parts of the human brain, its symptoms vary from one case to another. One of the most prevalent types of seizure in children called Tonic-clonic seizure starts with irritable and unusual attitude. Thereafter the muscles of the child are contracted and his body becomes stiffened. During this time his body can jerk violently. Following this the child can shriek and fall unconscious on the surface.
The seizure ceases to exist after a few minutes of the attack. After gaining consciousness the affected child may feel drowsy for some time and may also feel a desire to sleep. However, it should be noted that not every type of seizure will follow the symptoms in the aforesaid order. If nobody is around during the time of the seizure, the afflicted child may look vaguely and face difficulty in regaining full consciousness.
Though there is no single effective test for the diagnosis and confirmation of epilepsy some doctors recommend blood tests as well as brain scans.
The main objective of the treatments of epilepsy in Children is to keep the afflicted child safe. Therefore, the children should be put into the best posture for quick recovery, and their dresses should be loosened. They should not be restrained forcibly. In some instances, the patients of seizures are prescribed anticonvulsant drugs.
In some of the complicated cases, brain surgery is also performed. Expert care is what the affected children need to be given. Unless proper medical intervention occurs this can turn out to be a serious malaise and cause complications in the later stage.
Please do help us
there were no syptems of epilepsy but the EEG report say there was a possibility of epilepsy to him what shall i do if we take the treatment i want to know about the draw backs and contra indications of the treatment
can any one help me
he did the ECG test which was negetive but he is still having the attack.
pl. suggest the dose standards according to age.
thanks
first attack by jerk, after that it has been repeated in the interval of one week to two week, but right now the frequency is twice a day, please suggest for the right medication as well as right treatment & training including appropriate doctor in india.
He give him Selzic od 300 mg ,1 tab/day.
now he is good. My question is that how long that tab should he take.. This tablet causes bad skin problems on his face like pimples,acne. his face become bad.how should we care that? plz help me.email: [email protected]you are viewing a single comment's thread.
$5.11? J/K. Hope it holds $5, it bounced off that level yesterday and today. Cheers.
Bounce off!!!,This thing will gap up sometime before the ER Hold those shares!!
I may buy more if it eases back a little. Long and strong on CPSL.This Symposium (conference) was held on the campus of the University of Alabama in Huntsville (UAH), however, librarians from across the state as well as Mississippi attended (and perhaps from other states too). Huntsville is in the northern part of Alabama. There seems to be many defense-related businesses in that region. Driving from the airport to campus, we passed the U.S. Space & Rocket Center, where Space Camp is held. Visible from the highway were several rockets and a space shuttle. Huntsville has the second largest research park in the U.S., so this is indeed a place of much activity.
The conference was opened on Thursday afternoon by Dr. David Williams, President, UAH and Dr. Wilson Luquire, Dean of the Library. The first speaker was Stephen Abram, who was also the Conference Chair. Tidbits from his presentation:
- The cell phone is the dominant device now.
- Libraries are becoming social spaces and not solely focused on content. (BTW Learning used to be quite social in how it occurred, so we're returning to our roots.)
- Rather than focusing on books, we're moving to focusing on articles and chapters. (So metadata, etc., needs to ensure that we can get down to that level efficiently.)
- Don't build libraries for librarians; build them for users.
- Although we rail against Wikipedia, mistakes in Wikipedia are corrected quickly. Mistakes in a printed publications aren't corrected until the next version is printed (if it is printed).
- Librarians need to help to improve the quality of the questions that are asked. Improved questions will help people find the answers they really want.
- Students start with Internet searches. Where do they go after that?
- LibraryThing is the second largest library in North America (I hope I have that correct).
Jeff Trzeciak, University Librarian at McMaster University, was the second speaker and he spoke on "Transformation Leadership: Process & Change." Jeff has been at McMaster for 18 months and spoke about the changes that library is undertaking as well as other useful facts.
- He mentioned the "expanding digital universe" and noted that YouTube had 100 million downloads per day in 2006.
- Library users now move easily from physical to virtual.
- Students are learning through discovery.
- In the McMaster Library, there were not enough electrical outlets. Our users are coming with devices that they want to plug in and use. Our libraries need to be able to accommodate them.
- McMaster will be digitizing World War I and World War II materials.
- McMaster has approx. 22,000 students and 14,000 of those students each day come to the library building.
Elizabeth Unger, Academic Fellow at Kansas State University, gave a talk entitled "Social Tools on a Shoe String" but talked very little about social tools, yet made us all think.
- She showed us several math programs and we quickly saw the context of the questions, which allowed us to answer them correctly. However, the last question she displayed reminded us that we can't assume the context. Assuming is something we're good at.
- What will the university of the future look like?
- How do we assure the integrity of the information?
- How do we improve the quality of the communication?
- She mentioned this book, The Cult of the Amateur: How Today's Internet is Killing Our Culture
.
- Identity theft happens to one in 40 people. We're sharing personal information all the time online (even through our library systems). How can we help to protect personal information?
Rolf Goedhardt, from SuperTeaching.org, talked about the changes that have not occurred in our classrooms over the last 100+ years and then talked about a product that his company is marketing which provides a new tool for teachers. What really stood out to me is that we are still teaching the same way that we have for decades (if not longer), and we assume that paradigm will still work today, yet we know from test scores, etc., that it isn't working.
The last speaker on Thursday was Amanda Etches-johnson, who also works at McMaster University. Amanda talked about staff development and five weeks to a social library project. Her presentation is here (4.9 MB). One of her key points is that we need to focus on learning, not on training. We need to get people exploring, experimenting and playing with technology.
On Friday morning, Barbara Tierney, Information Desk Coordinator for University of North Carolina at Charlotte, talked about "The Information Commons: Arena for Innovation." You can read an overview of her presentation here as well as download a bibliography and view photos/details of several learning commons (53 MB file, but worth downloading to view). We've gone from having computer labs to information commons and now to learning commons. And there are commons that integrate faculty, teaching and research into their spaces. She said that if you can't get to the library from Google, you won't get there. (A similar point was made by other speakers, including myself.)
- She suggested that we must be tuned into what is new -- or coming -- in a student's world. We need to be ready for the "next thing."
- Place the commons near the front of the facility.
- Design a flexible space.
- Provide for collaborative learning spaces.
- Temple University has the largest information commons.
The next speaker was me and I'll post about that tomorrow. Unfortunately, I did not get to hear the final two speakers -- Scott Nicholson (Program Director, Masters in Library and Information Science for the iSchool at Syracuse Univ.) and Rick Luce (Vice Provost and Director of University Libraries, Emory Univ.) -- because I had to catch my flight. Scott talked about gaming trends in libraries while Rich talk about transformation leadership. Their presentations should be on the E-Info Global Symposium web site soon.
The staff at UAH did a wonderful job putting this conference together. Thanks to Annette Parrish for her attention to details and Daniel, Daniel & Tom (or D-D-T) who oversaw the technology used during the event. They all could give lessons to other small conferences on how to ensure that things go well.
At the start of my presentation, I encouraged everyone to find one thing in each presentation to take back to the office and share. Imagine the innovations that could occur from that effort?!
Technorati tags:
Louis Vuitton Trianon Sac de Nuit GM
Written by cheryl on May 16th, 2014 // Filed under LOUIS VUITTON, Mode
Louis Vuitton Trianon Sac de Nuit GM (grande model)
Text & Photo © CM Cordeiro 2014
The first thing you’d notice about this bag is how weighty the canvas and sturdy the construct of the bag is for its satchel size, where even in GM, it was clearly meant as something more fashionable heritage narrative than a luggage carry-on.
The Trianon Sac De Nuit was created and produced in limited edition in conjunction with the celebration of Louis Vuitton’s 150th anniversary, paying tribute to Vuitton’s early days of 1854 – 1892, when Vuitton began selling light weight flat-topped trunks covered with their signature grey Trianon canvas. Prior to Vuitton’s flat-topped trunks, most trunks for travelling had rounded tops so that water would run off, the disadvantage being that they could not be stacked. It was Vuitton’s Trianon canvas, airtight flat trunks that allowed stacking with ease, for voyages.
This satchel has one of the roundest, most adorable bottoms of any Louis Vuitton bag series I’ve seen.
You could say that this satchel is sentimental and charming because the Trianon Sac de Nuit is a modern reinterpretation of the canvas used on LV’s first trunks. The satchel is uncomplicated, designed for easy access as an old-fashioned ‘doctor’s bag’ in a single compartment. Its split handles are trimmed with Suhali or goat grained leather and it was here that I noted how very neatly the leather was rounded and sealed. Smooth to the touch.
The rivets used on this series of satchels are also reminiscent the original rivets used on the trunks. Measuring a roomy 14.5″ x 9″ x 7″, this GM is not exactly one for formal occasions but it can do well for everyday office wear or occasions that call for smart casual / semi-formal dress codes. Compared to the vachetta leather trims of most signature Vuitton bags, this satchel with its waterproofed canvas, seems a little more rain friendly, needing fairly low maintenance.
What I found attractive with this satchel is how it opens to reveal an attractive red and white pin striped cotton lining with the stamp LOUIS VUITTON INVENTEUR – 101 avenue des Champs-Elysees, PARIS. All this in straight forward reminder that prior to the alcantara plush, it was cotton and canvas for Louis Vuitton’s sea-faring trunks.
Short of owning a piece of Louis Vuitton wardrobe or trunk in the original, the Trianon Sac de Nuit and the Trianon canvas series as such is a bit of Vuitton’s nostalgic narrative you can grab on a swing. The craftsmanship, as with all Louis Vuitton bags, is excellent. It is reminiscent of the man, Louis Vuitton and his early beginnings of hours of labour in meticulous craftsmanship on a specific item to the point of perfection and sustainable design that stays through the test of time.
The Trianon Sac de Nuit in GM features:
- Toile Trianon cotton canvas and Suhali goat leather
- Striped cotton and polyester lining inspired from the trunk beds
- Varnished polished brass hardware
- Unbuckles to change into a flat shape
- “Louis Vuitton Inventeur” on the leather label outside the bag
- “Sac de Nuit, Déposé en France et à l’étranger, Louis Vuitton Inventeur, 101, avenue des Champs Elysées, PARIS” can be read on the lining
- L 14.5″ x H 9″ x W 7″TRANSCRIPT
HARI SREENIVASAN: The streets of Egypt’s second largest city were filled with clashes today between Islamists and their opponents. The groups confronted each other in Alexandria. It was the eve of a final roundv. 3. The North has detained five other Americans since 2009. All were released eventually.
American leaders past and present paid tribute today to the late Sen. Daniel Inouye of Hawaii. A crowd filled the National Cathedral in Washington for the service honoring the Japanese-American who became a war hero and served in the Senate more than 50 years.
President Obama recalled watching Inouye during the televised Watergate hearings in 1973.
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: To see this man, this senator, this powerful, accomplished person who wasn’t out of central casting, and the way he commanded the respect of an entire nation, I think it hinted to me what might be possible in my own life.
HARI Dec. 21, 2012, was said to be based near 13,190. The Nasdaq fell 29 points to close at 3,021. For the week, the Dow gained about half-a-percent; the Nasdaq rose 1.7 percent.
Those are some of the day’s major stories.image from RachaelRay.com
I arrived home very late last night from the girls' trip to Nashville. I have so much to share with you, but I almost didn't get to share it.
A fateful merge into the wrong exit lane took the three of us moms on a very long detour. I could be in Florida right now if not for a kindly road sign that showed us our navigational error.
Erin was busy looking over some information for MOPS, Kelly was driving in an area she'd never been before, and I thought that if I spoke up they'd think I was stupid.
I wondered why we veered off towards Asheville, North Carolina when I knew we were specifically travelling towards Knoxville, Tennessee, which is sort of the gateway to Bristol, which is sort of the gateway to good old Virginnie.
But no one said anything (except the woman on the GPS system, and we were ignoring her because at one point she took us to a Nashville Taco Bell that was really a liquor store) and before long I noticed that the road was suspiciously more mountainous than I remembered on the trip to Nashville.
That could be because we were in the Cherokee National Forrest. Which runs into North Carolina.
The sign that read "Welcome to North Carolina" was our final clue that we had veered horribly off-course. Erin did some quick work on the map and plotted a course that would get us to Bristol without having to backtrack the way we'd just come.
We definitely took the scenic route.
Kelly steered the car around corners so tight that they were covered in black tire marks from previous road trippers who were perhaps a bit too ambitious in their cornering speeds.
We traveled through tiny towns perched on mountainsides, we passed more goats than I think I've ever seen, and saw so many postcard scenic views...I wanted to just stop the car and take some photos.
But we couldn't do that because three husbands and eight children were sitting at home in the 'Burg, waiting for us to return.
A man would have completely flipped out at our turn of events. We decided to see the situation as a "glass half full" sort of situation. We added an extra state to our itinerary and got to stop at a very nice Starbucks.
It's not a road trip without Starbucks, y'all.
I'll be spending some time this week trying (!!) to catch up with all the comments you've left while I was away. I want to catch up with your blogs too...please be patient with me. I think Mimi *helped* me by moving some things around while I was gone, so I have some hunting to do.
I can't wait to share more with you about our Nashville trip and the MOPS convention. Please drop back in!
Have a wonderful day!
12 comments:
welcome home!! i'm glad you all made it back safely!:o)
Hi Amanda! Welcome home! You were up there in my old stomping ground! It is beautiful, isn't it? I always seem to take the scenic route! lol Hey...you still get there, huh? Happy week!...Debbie
The scenic route is more fun!
Dontcha just looove to hear the GPS lady say "recalculating" over and over again in that semi pissed off tone she has?
Amanda, I'm laughing at your comment about my cheetah shoes! I promise you, I am not an animal print person either; this is my first animal print of any kind! But it was actually your mention of your zebra shoes that got me thinking...hmm, maybe I could do it!
Oh no! Despite that long way home, sounds like you made the best of it and had fun:) Glad you made it.
Whew you made it home safe. Maybe in the spring you can make it to Round Top in the spring~
Welcome back~catching up is the hardest part of taking a vacation! It sounds like you had fun though~
I hate going the "scenic" route to places unknown and getting lost. I'm surprised though your GPS wasn't more helpful. Good thing those signs were there so you knew you were off course. At least you had a good attitude about it and enjoyed Starbucks and seeing all the goats!
HA! Loved reading about your scenic roadtrip :) I can think of more than one trip with girlfriends that ended up in the middle of nowhere, but that just makes it more fun, right?? At least these days we have GPS's to help us find our way, but they can def be hit or miss :)
Glad you finally made it back!
I can't wait to hear all about it...I really missed you!
Welcome back, how fun!There who hits 100 on the radar gun, has pitched great in his last seven starts, allowing one run or none every time out. Appel was forced throw 124 pitches on Friday against Arizona, lasting less than seven innings for only the second time this season … Felix Hernandez's 12-strikeout no-decision against the Tigers marked the 122nd time in 241 starts that the Mariners have scored two runs or fewer behind him. That's obscene. … Padres President Tom Garfinkel deserves a suspension from Commissioner Bud Selig for referring to Zack Greinke as "Rain Man'' in a talk with San Diego season-ticket holders, one of whom provided a recording to Yahoo Sports. There's no context where that's acceptable. … The Yankees continue to insist they have no plans to trade for a shortstop, even with Derek Jeter out at least until the All-Star break. The White Sox's Alexei Ramirez makes some sense because he has the versatility to play second base and center field, and is under control through 2016. Twenty-year-old infielder Carlos Sanchez is coming fast for the Sox, even if he has started slowly at Triple-A Charlotte. … The Angels' slow start has more to do with their starting pitching than any other aspect. Rotation newcomers Joe Blanton, Jason Vargas and Tommy Hanson were 1-6 with a 7.36 ERA entering the weekend. … Barry Zito's fastball has averaged 83.3 mph this year, the slowest of any big leaguer who has thrown at least 100, according to Bloomberg Sports. … The White Sox's Jeff Keppinger, who had 15 more walks than strikeouts with the 2010 Astros (51-36), entered the weekend with the most plate appearances (65) without a walk. … Indians manager Terry Francona doesn't mind his players diving into first base even if that move landed Michael Bourn on the disabled list when Matt Thornton stepped on his finger last Sunday. "Guys are competing,'' Francona says, and he's right. … Some forecasts had the Chicago temperature at 42 for game-time Friday night but the White Sox banged their scheduled game against the Twins. The Rockies meanwhile played Thursday with a 28-degree game-time temperature, beating the Mets 11-3 before some of baseball's toughest fans. … Six early-season games against the Astros helped the A's go into the weekend leading the majors in many offensive categories. Their most impressive total was 40 doubles (including 13 from Jed Lowrie and Coco Crisp), as it was 10 more than the second best team. … Having gotten 101 RBIs from Josh Hamilton and their other center fielders last season, the Rangers entered the weekend still looking for their first from their current center fielders — Craig Gentry and Leonys Martin. … Reds second baseman Brandon Phillips has played with 23 different shortstops since 2006, with Cesar Izturis the latest.Anaheim’s Sbisa (ankle) out two weeks, questionable for opener
Sep 19, 2013, 3:38 PM EDT306)
- M. Babcock (1992)
- S. Crosby (1808)
- F. Andersen (1628)
- T. Johnson (1525)
- B. Boyle (1380)
- K. Versteeg (1366)
- R. Callahan (1346)
- H. Lundqvist (1298)
- P. Kane (1274)World Heritage Cultural Sites in Romania
World Heritage Cultural Sites in Romania
Depart:
Private Tour-Land Only
13 Days/ 12 Nights
Daily April 1-October 31, 2007
Price per Person:In a double room $2889
Tour operates with a minimum of 2 travellers
Package Includes:12 nights superior tourist class and 1st class accommodation all with private facilities
Breakfast daily
1 lunch
11 dinners including dinner and folklore show in Bucharest
Round trip airport transfers
Bucharest city tour
English speaking guide throughout
Transport by air conditioned car, minibus or coach depending on the number of travellers
Sightseeing as per itinerary
Hotel taxes and service charges
Day 1 Bucharest
Upon arrival in Bucharest you will be met and transferred to your centrally located hotel. Remainder of the day is at leisure to begin your exploration of the Romanian capital known as "Paris of the East." Overnight Hotel Lido or similar.
Day 2 Bucharest
After breakfast you will be picked up from the hotel and taken on a tour of the city. Inside visits to the Village Museum and the Parliament Palce, the second largest building in the world after the Pentagon is included. You will also see the Revolution Square, Patriarchal Cathedral and the Triumphal Arch. This evening you will enjoy dinner with a folklore show. Overnight Hotel Lido or similar.
Day 3 Bucharest-Tulcea (Danube Delta)
After breakfast you will be picked up from the hotel for your drive to Murighiol, crossing the Danube at Giurgeni and drive through the interesting Dobrogea province. Boat transfer to your floating hotel. Dinner and overnight at the Anastasia Floating Hotel.
Day 4 Danube Delta
Today you will admire the youngest territory in the world. The Danube Delta came into being only 10,000 years ago and is still in the process of formation. Its scenic beauty and the wild life here, the Delta is known as a birdswatcher paradise are among the most interesting in Europe. You will relax while sailing through the narrow channels of the delta observing life along its banks. Lunch included. Dinner and overnight at the Anastasia Floating Hotel.
Day 5 Danube Delta-Piatra Neamt
Today you will cross the Danube by ferryboat at Galati and then drive northwards to the Bucovina region, which has gained worldwide recognition for its beautiful churches and painted monasteries. You will visit the Agapia and Varatec nunneries, two fine examples of Romanian religious architecture and monastic life. Dinner and overnight Hotel Central or similar.
Day 6 Bucovina Area
Today you will enjoy a full day tour of the Bucovina area where you will see the most representative painted monasteries such as Moldovita, Arbore, Humor and Voronet, known as the Sistine Chapel of Eastern Europe. These churches are now on the UNESCO World Cultural Heritage List. You will also visit the Sucevita painted monastery, which has the richest frescoes in Bucovina. Dinner and overnight Hotel Central or similar.
Day 7 Piatra Neamt-Hoteni
Today you will drive through the scenic Prislop Pass to Maramures, the land of wooden churches and carved wooden gates, unique fold costumes and traditions, where ancient Romania coexists with modern times. On the way to Hoteni village, you will admire the superb wooden architecture of the Barsana Monastery and the 18th century Rozavlea wooden church, with its beautifully preserved interior paintings. Experience local life through your home-stay. Dinner and overnight in a farmers house.
Day 8 Maramures Area
After breakfast you will enjoy a full day tour of the Maramures region. Enjoy Calinesti and Desesti wooden churches, listed as UNESCO World Cultural Heritage sites. You will also visit the unique Merry Cemetery in Sapanta Village. Since it is Sunday you will see the locals attending Sunday Mass wearing traditional folk costumes. Dinner and overnight in a farmers house.
Day 9 Hoteni-Cluj Napoca-Sighisoara
In the morning, visit the Greek-Catholic wooden church at Surdesti Village, also part of the UNESCO World Heritage List as the tallest wooden structure in Europe. From Maramures you will then descend into legendary Transilvania, known as the land beyond the forests, whose cultural heritage has been shaped by a mixture of peoples, languages and traditions such as Romanian, German and Hungarian. On the way to Sighisoara you will visit the city of Cluj Napoca to see its impressive Catholic Cathedral of St. Michael. Upon arrival in Sighisoara free time to explore the citadel on your own. Sighisoara has been added to the UNESCO World Heritage Cultural List, as being the best preserved and continuously inhabited early medieval citadel in the world. Dinner and overnight Hotel Sighisoara
Day 10 Sighisoara-Biertan-Sighisoara
In the morning you will enjoy a walking tour of Sighisoara including an inside visit to the Clock Tower which now doubles as the local history museum and to the Church on the Hill. In the afternoon drive to Biertan and visit the fortress church, which has been declared part of the UNESCO World Cultural Heritage Site. Dinner and overnight Hotel Sighisoara.
Day 11 Sighisoara-Brasov-Bran-Sinaia
This morning you will drive to Brasov for a city tour that includes visits to the St. Nicholas Orthodox Church, the Museum of the first Romanian school in Transilvania and the Black Church, the largest gothic style church in Southeastern Europe. Continue to Bran Castle, built in the 14th century by the merchants of Brasov to protect the border between Valahia and Transylvania, also known as Dracula's Caslte. In the afternoon continue to the mountain resort town of Sinaia. Dinner and overnight Hotel Palace.
Day 12 Sinaia-Bucharest.
This morning you will visit the Peles Castle, the former summer residence of King Carol I and the Sinaia Monastery a beautiful example of Valahian-Byzantine architectural style and the first building in Sinaia. In the afternoon drive through the picturesque Prahova River Valley to Bucharest. Dinner and overnight Hotel Lido.
Day 13 Bucharest-End of Tour
After breakfast you will be taken to the airport or you can extend your stay in bustling Bucharest. You can continue your tour to historic Bulgaria or to Hungary.
Additional nights in Bucharest are availableAt the end of the nineteenth and the beginning of the twentieth century, the Redemptorist Willem Marinus van Rossum (1854-1932) was the most high-ranking Dutchman attached to the Roman Curia. The Dutch had not seen a man of his standing within the Catholic Church since Pope Adrian VI (1522-1523). From the moment of his arrival in Rome in 1895, his career went up steeply. He was destined to become a Cardinal in 1911 – the first Dutch Cardinal since the sixteenth century – and was appointed Prefect of the Congregation of Propaganda Fide in 1918. In this position, until his death in 1932, Van Rossum was one of the most influential persons within the Catholic Church. (Read more about this Cardinal of a global significance)
Chronology of dates and facts
Design: Frank G. BosmanIf you have a hunk of junk sitting in your driveway that you no longer want, you may want to sell car scrap metal to earn a bit of money off it. This isn't as simple as driving it to the junk yard and getting a check though. There is a delicate process involved. Below are four tips to consider so you make your selling process a lot smoother.
Tip 1 - Remove Everything from the Body
If you are going to sell your car for just scrap metal, you will need it to be clean of everything but the metal. That means removing all of the fluids and wires inside. Drain everything you can think of, and have it flushed out if you know someone who can do that. You should also take out the seats, radio, engine, oil pan, steering column and just about anything else you can think of. You need to just have metal on the car left and nothing else. Most scrap places won't accept cars that are not stripped.
Tip 2 - Take Care of the Parts You Sell
When you remove the actual parts of the car to sell, be sure to move them carefully. Parts like the engine, wheels, transmission and brakes can all be sold as parts instead of metal. You'll make a lot more money with them going down that route, so be sure that you assess what you can sell and carefully store it while the body of the car turns to scraps. Anything salvageable from the interior and under the hood could lead to profits.
Tip 3 - Understand the Value of Your Parts
You need to figure out your car scrap value ahead of time so you know you are getting a good deal. You could try looking up other parts for sale online similar to yours and see what they are going for. You could also call different junkyards in the state to see how much they would pay for the parts you have. If there are a lot of different prices floating around, you can at least learn where to take your parts to from that phone call.
Tip 4 - Know Where to Sell Your Parts
If you have a lot of sellable parts parts from your car, you can sell them yourself for good money. For instance, you may be able to sell car scrap on eBay, or post an ad for your parts on Craigslist. Local buyers can see what you have for sale and call you about it. You can haggle sales from there and hopefully make a lot of money from the deal. If you get a good idea of the worth for the parts from the quotes you can work in tip 3. From those, you can post your parts for sale at a reasonable price. If you mark it high, put "or best offer" as an option and you may get someone to produce a logical bid.NEW YORK (AP) -- Shares of Cell Therapeutics Inc. jumped Tuesday after the company said the Food and Drug Administration awarded orphan drug incentives to its brain cancer drug Opaxio.
Cell Therapeutics. Orphan drug status is awarded to drugs that are intended to treat rare diseases.
Shares of Cell Therapeutics rose 41 cents, or 18.4 percent, to $2.64 in morning trading. Over the past year, shares have traded between $1.77 and $8.25.
The Seattle company said glioblastoma is typically treated with surgery and a combination of chemotherapy and radiation. It said between 10,000 and 12,000 cases are expected to be diagnosed in the U.S. in 2012.
Opaxio is a version of the chemotherapy drug paclitaxel. It is designed to deliver larger amounts of paclitaxel directly to tumors while reducing the amount of the drug that reaches healthy tissue.
- Health
- Pharmaceuticals & Drug Trials
- Food and Drug AdministrationChoose DIRECTV – America’s #1 Satellite Service Choice!
If you’re looking for unbeatable home television service, DIRECTV is your top choice. When it comes to programming, technology, and service, no other TV company rivals DIRECTV. Just look at the facts.
- Over 20 million Americans choose DIRECTV as their entertainment provider.
- DIRECTV offers more HD channels than any other cable or satellite provider – over 195+.1
- DIRECTV is #1 in customer satisfaction over all other cable and satellite providers. (As compared to the largest national cable & satellite TV providers. 2013 American Customer Satisfaction Index.)
- Customers who have DIRECTV never miss out on the programming they love; DIRECTV has a 99% Worry-Free Signal Reliability rating. (Based on a Nationwide Study of representative cities.)
The numbers are clear – DIRECTV is the best of the best in the entertainment world! Read on and learn more about all the great things DIRECTV has to offer. Simply call the number above to order DIRECTV for your family.
DIRECTV Offers Top Entertainment
DIRECTV offers an amazing selection of HD channels, Hollywood movies, and extensive sports coverage for you and your family and friends to enjoy.1 No matter what your television taste may be, DIRECTV has a channel lineup you’ll love.
Major Entertainment Packages
DIRECTV’s entertainment packages have an incredibly variety of programming. And the channel counts are impressive! Your options are SELECT™, ENTERTAINMENT, CHOICE™, XTRA, ULTIMATE, and PREMIER™. Each package has a difference channel lineup and varies in price, but they are all an excellent value.
Go big with PREMIER™ for 285+ channels, or chooseXTRA with 205+ networks for a slightly lower channel count and price point. For a starter package with the popular programming favorites, CHOICE™ at 150+ channels is a great choice. No matter which package you choose, you’ll bring tons of fun entertainment home with DIRECTV.
DIRECTV Sports – The Best Coverage Ever
DIRECTV is the undisputed leader in sports. Firstly, there are both major and specialty sports channels included as part of many DIRECTV packages. Go with PREMIER™, ULTIMATE, XTRA, or CHOICE™ to get plenty of coverage of all your favorite teams. DIRECTV also has specialty sports packages so you can up your game more than ever! Add them to your base package for more great coverage.
DIRECTV’s exclusive NFL SUNDAY TICKET and/or NFL SUNDAY TICKET MAX Packages are a must-have for any NFL fan.2 NFL SUNDAY TICKET customers get to watch every game, every Sunday, all season long!3 You can even watch all games in HD.4 The picture quality is so clear, you’ll feel like you’re right on the sidelines. All of your friends will be jealous of your total-access pass to your favorite teams’ games. It’s only available with DIRECTV, so call now to order!
Never Worry About DIRECTV Availability
Something that’s really special about DIRECTV service is the total availability. Have you had trouble finding a provider to service your home in the past? Say goodbye to those worries for good. With advanced satellite technology, DIRECTV can service 100% of U.S. homes. All you need to get the TV programming you crave is a clear view of the southern sky. Plus, standard DIRECTV installation is completely free.5 A professional DIRECTV installer will take care of the whole process for you. Just call to order and you can set up your installation time today.
Bundle DIRECTV with Internet for the Perfect Home Services Package
If you’re looking for both TV and Internet for your home, you’ve come to the right place. DIRECTV can be bundled with high-speed Internet service to create the perfect home services package for you! Order your high-quality television from DIRECTV, and at the same time, you can order top notch Internet service from trusted providers in your area. When you choose a bundle, you could save money on each of your monthly home services bills. Plus, ordering everything in one phone call is so easy – what a relief! Call now and ask about bundle deals today.
Join Happy Customers Across the Country – Order DIRECTV Today!
There’s a reason DIRECTV is the most popular satellite TV service across America. It’s because customers know they can count on DIRECTV for high quality television, all the time. Make the switch to DIRECTV today! Just call the number on your screen to quickly place your order.
1
2
3
4
5
Home » Support » Index of All Documentation » How-Tos »
Wing IDE Quick Start Guide
This is a minimalist guide for getting started quickly with Wing IDE. For a more in-depth introduction, try the Tutorial.
Install Python and Wing IDE
If you don't already have them on your system, install Python and Wing IDE. For detailed instructions, see Installing Wing IDE.
Start Wing IDE jumps to a symbol defined in the current file by typing a fragment of its name.
Find Symbol in Project works the same way but searches all files in the project.
Open From Project in the File menu is a similar interface for quickly opening project files.
Find Points of Use when you right-click on a symbol shows where that symbol is being used. Wing distinguishes between separate but like-named symbols.
Source Browser provides module or class oriented display of the structure of your code. Show both the Source Browser and Source Assistant for detailed information about selected symbols.
Mini-search.
Call Tips and Documentation shown in the Source Assistant update as you move through your code or work in the shells.
Auto-indent while typing matches the file's existing indentation. When multiple lines are pasted, they are re-indented according to context (a single Undo reverts any unwanted indentation change). Wing also provides an Indentation tool for converting a file's indentation style.
Auto-Editing supports automated renaming and moving of symbols, extracting functions or methods, and introducing variables more quickly than by manually editing code.
Snippets the Debug Probe, which provides an interactive Python prompt that executes code in the current debug stack frame. When the debugger is paused Wing alos uses the live runtime state to fuel the auto-completer in the editor, Source Assistant, goto-definition, and other tools.
Conditional Breakpoints can be used to isolate and understand complex bugs by stopping before they occur. Using a conditional breakpoint to isolate a broken case and the Debug Probe to design a fix is far more accurate and productive than relaunching code repeatedly.
Move Program Counter is also supported in the innermost stack frame by right clicking in the editor and selecting Move Program Counter Here.
Watching Values by right-clicking on the editor or any of the data views tracks values over time by symbolic name or object reference in the Watch tool. Expressions can be also be watched.
Launch Configurations in the Project menu IDE and your debug process. The shell provides auto-completion, goto-definition, and is integrated with the Source Assistant.
Unit Testing in Wing's Testing tool works with unittest, doctest, pytest, nose, and Django unit tests. You can run tests suites, view the results, and debug tests.
Version Control in Wing.
Running Command Lines in Wing let you save named tool panel configurations.
Many Other Features such as bookmarks, line editing, code folding, macros are also available. You can also extend Wing IDE by writing Python scripts.
Related Documents
For more information see:
- Wing IDE Tutorial, a detailed guided tour for Wing IDE.
- How-Tos for Django, matplotlib, PyQt, wxPython, Plone, Autodesk Maya, NUKE/NUKEX, PyGame, and many others
- Wing IDE Reference Manual, which describes Wing IDE in detail.on October 1, 2012 - 12:12 AM
ADVERTISEMENT
The Buffalo Bills were beat down Sunday by.
Gronkowski now has 27 catches for 418 yards and eight touchdowns in five games against his hometown team.
"It's great coming home," he said. "Friends and family, it's great to give them that victory, too."
Gronkowski was listed as questionable on the injury report, but his performance left little doubt he was ready to play.
"It's not as easy as it looks. It's the NFL, those guys are out there, they are great players. You got to work your butt off, you got to be going full speed in order to execute, in order to make plays," he said.
Gronkowski took advantage of a blown coverage in the Bills' secondary on his touchdown catch, which covered 28 yards on the first play of the fourth quarter. It was a nice bounce back for Gronkowski, who in the first half lost just the second fumble of his career.
"I just need to be.Discussion in 'New Member Introductions - Site Assistance' started by Skukuza, Sep 23, 2012.
Why does my 3 month old ipad3 CONTINUALLY
log me out. All settings appear to be correct.
Continually log you out of what? An app? The iPad itself? We need a bit more information to help. Thanks.
Marilyn
It logs off every few minutes from all activities. I have to keep logging back on with bt/wifi email address and password. I've checked my settings and can't see anything amiss. But Frustration is not the word I'd use!!!
Still not narrowed down enough... What specifically are you doing when the iPad "logs off"? Are you browsing the 'Net with Safari and lose WiFi? Are you in the Mail app and stop receiving mail or can't send any? Are you tethering it to another device and keep losing the tether? Where are you - on public WiFi or at home?
Can you take a screenshot of the request for address and password (we don't need the info you put in, just the initial box).
Sorry to be so dense - but I really don't understand what you are doing or are in the middle of to get this.
Marilyn
Welcome, what would you like to do?
Login with my BT account
Login with my Fon account
Buy access from just Â£3
Need help? Terms and conditions
Please choose your Login with my BT account
Login with my BT Total Broadband account
Login with my BT Business account
Login with my BT Wi-fi account
Username
Need help? Terms and conditions
The iPad logs me right off then this appears.
Then this appears. EVERY few minutes.
You're now logged in
Disconnect from BT Wi-fi
Wi-fi Ads by JiWire Advertise Here
Using at home. It doesn't matter whether I'm googling, writing or whatever, it just logs off!!!!
How old is the BT Hub that you are using, I had the same problem until I updated to the latest hub
It is the latest hub, about 6 months old, if that!!
Separate names with a comma.A team of geoscientists based out of Texas have added to the growing number of studies pointing to a warming Arctic climate. Using newly available remote-sensing technology, scientists at the Southwest Research Institute found the Ahnewetut Wetlands in Kobuk Valley National Park, located in Nouthwest Alaska, have experienced an accelerated loss of surface water over the past 30 years
The researchers compared features known as thaw lakes and ponds, which are bodies of freshwater, usually shallow, which form in depressions due to melting permafrost. It’s how most Arctic lakes are formed; hundreds of small thaw lakes and ponds stretch across the park’s lowland areas, according to the National Park Service.
The Kobuk Valley is littered with the small collections of water -- tens of thousands of shallow lakes are distributed across the Arctic as a whole -- but over the past two consecutive 27-year periods they’ve been shrinking faster, according to the institute’s findings. Those periods coincide with a well-known cooling and warming cycle called the Pacific Decadal Oscillation, a period of about five decades.
The geoscientists’ analysis compared old, aerial photos with new satellite imagery to measure the changes of 22 shallow lakes and surrounding permafrost in the park between 1951 and 2005, Science Daily reported.
Total water-body surface area insubstantially decreased during the previous period, losing only 0.4 percent. But during the most recent period, it had decreased by 5.5 percent, Dr. Marius Necsoiu, principal investigator for the study, told Science Daily.
The surface level of the lakes and ponds in the park were stable during the previous period, Necsoiu said, which experienced cooler temperatures. The most recent 27-year timespan saw warmer temperatures, resulting in the complete drainage of two ponds.
Kobuk Valley’s wetlands aren’t the only area in Alaska where the lakes are shrinking. In 2007, Arctic Network (ARCN) began its own shallow lake monitoring project. The network installed monitoring sites at the Bering Land Bridge National Preserve, as well as Kobuk Valley National Park. It monitors the areas’ “vital signs,” like water chemistry and vegetation composition, and collects aerial photographs and satellite images.
At that time, researchers concluded lake surface area in the park had declined by 14-20 percent. They identified 12 lakes in the park that drained “catastrophically” during the past 10 years. Those findings caught the attention of park staff, who began an in-depth investigation in 2010. A total of 20 drained lakes were surveyed, and findings indicated the lakes shrunk as a result of a decrease in the thickness of frozen soils.
Central Alaska Network, another park monitoring network, conducted their own photo comparison of shallow lakes at two sites in the northwest corner of Denali National Park and Reserve. Although change in the Minchumina basin lowlands was minimal, change in the reserve’s Eolian lowlands was dramatic, researchers concluded. In 27 years, 26 percent of the lakes there had shrunk markedly; another 19 percent were no longer lakes, but had turned into wet meadows.
The decrease of permafrost is affecting more than the shallow lakes, according to a study led by an American Museum of Natural History scientist. The study concludes tree and shrub cover in the far north, including woody shrubs in Alaska, will spread faster than previously expected.
Kobuk Valley is a unique landscape, even for Alaska. It includes a 25-mile stretch of sand dunes, referred to as the Great Kobuk Sand Dunes. The grinding action of ancient glaciers created the dunes, carried to the valley by wind and water. Nearly half a million caribou migrate through the park twice a year, crisscrossing over the dunes.
Contact Jerzy Shedlock at jerzy(at)alaskadispatch.comOriginally posted by theAnswer1111
reply to post by Thunder heart woman
I also felt ill when I saw that. Also notice how the Hair Salon abbreviates its name to 'Shh...' As in keep quiet?I also felt ill when I saw that. Also notice how the Hair Salon abbreviates its name to 'Shh...' As in keep quiet?
edit on 1/30/2013 by theAnswer1111 because: Added pic.
Originally posted by Afterthought
reply to post by Helious
What a small house "Uncle Gene" has!
When I was reading the article and got to the part where they knocked on Rosen's door, but a woman inside didn't answer, I couldn't help thinking about Norman Bates.
After all, we still haven't seen or heard from Rosen's wife. Maybe they're one in the same.
Well, Jerry Sandusky's wife never said much either but she was real..... Well, sorta.
Originally posted by SMOKINGGUN2012
The reason they are debating demolishing the school is they think the kids will be way to traumatized to walk those halls again. Well if you start tearing down every place there is a shooter this country will be way more bankrupt than we already are and the shooters will win. The govt is playing out this crisis to inflict the highest amount of emotional toll they can on the populace. It is nauseating to watch the govt use our children and people like Gabby Giffords to further whatever sinister, vile, diabolic agenda they have. It would not surprise me to see them tear down the school and keep this drama at the top of the news headlines for as long as they can. IMO the only way to fight this wickedness is to expose what truly happened and show this was not some random event, it was planned and he was not alone PERIOD.
Originally posted by stickywicket
news.yahoo.com...
This is Susan Ehrens who's daughter Emma escaped from Soto's class. Can anyone get a transcript of her testimony to see if she mentions that nice man Gene taking in her daughter during that dreadful day?
Originally posted by stickywicket
reply to post by Daedalus
I know that it probably will but I asked my question only because in one of Rosen's interviews, he says he thinks one of the girls that was at his place was named Emma.
Originally posted by Daedalus
maybe i missed something, but did they decommission the building? boarded up, signage removed, surrounded with a fence? no way in hell it's STILL a crime scene a month on...what gives?
Originally posted by theAnswer1111
Also notice how the Hair Salon abbreviates its name to 'Shh...' As in keep quiet?
Originally posted by ~widowmaker~
And NO PICTURES SHOWING ANY CRIME HAS TAKEN PLACE
NOT EVEN A PIC OF THE DEAD SHOOTER W T F
Originally posted by Sek82
Has anyone seen one interview of a student who implied their classmates were killed? That saw anything of the sort? I haven't.
Originally posted by DelMarvel
"A lady at the Rosen house would not answer the door when I knocked."
Originally posted by FlyersFan
Not only do I find the Canadian couple who took a ghoulish vacation to Sandy Hook to be disturbing .. but I'm finding some of the posts on this thread to be disturbing as well ...
Originally posted by FlyersFan
Seriously? You don't understand why the town would destroy the school after 26 people were murdered in it? You don't get why kids wouldn't want to go to school there? You don't get why parents wouldn't want their kids there? REALLY??
Yeah .. let the media go harrass a bunch of 6 year olds who had just been through something so tramatic that even most adults couldn't handle it. Lovely.
Originally posted by Daedalus
i think you're a bit too touchy...nobody took a "ghoulish" vacation, stop sensationalizing.
No, i don't get why they would tear down a large expensive building because one bad thing happened in it.
and following this rationale, lets decommission, and torpedo any naval vessel that ever lost crew in a traumatic way, or lets shut down fort hood, and bulldoze it, or why not demolish columbine high school, or any other place where something traumatic happened?More information about "beautiful"
Updated...
Sylvia Nasar
Download A Beautiful Mind by Sylvia Nasar, narrated by Anna Fields digital audio book. Get the Audible Audio Edition of A Beautiful Mind from the Audible.com...
Julia Barretto
30.06.2012 Pretty girl, Julia Barretto! Photo not mine. The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, …
Shagun Kaur
Life Is Beautiful Movie Review, Life Is Beautiful Review, Life Is Beautiful Telugu Movie Review, Life Is Beautiful Film Review, Life Is Beautiful Cinema Review
Patrick Nuo
26.05.2008 The "She's so beautiful, beautiful, beautiful~~" Is from "Beautiful" by Patrick Nuo! ZOMG! HAHAHHAH! The whole verse is like. "She's so beautiful, …
Beautiful Young
Beautiful woman. Beautiful young girl in stretching out her T-Shirt and looking away Stock Photo. 16539006 - Beautiful woman. Beautiful young girl in...
Kami Garcia
The Bottom Line. Beautiful Creatures is the first book the Caster Chronicles, which also includes Beautiful Darkness, Beautiful Chaos and Beautiful Redemption.
Beautiful Scar
A Beautiful Scar. BeautifulScar2. Heart and Mind Magazine, Fall/Winter 2002. BeautifulScar1 · BeautifulScar2 · Blog at WordPress.com. The Linen Theme.
Hans Axnix, M.Techn./ Autor / Lyrik / Jour @ Autor bei Verlag 3.0 !, O L I N D A Nordost
Respekt ist das Beste im Menschen! Mut zu Ehrlichkeit u. Zivilcourage!
Habe viele Facetten im Leben gezeigt: Von cool bis unnahbar, rebellisch, stark 2008, Illusionist Kay, Roman, 2010, Rezension, Deutschland, 1994, 2009, 1966, Beautiful
Muhammad Tariq Naeem
Pakistan, Forex Trading, Beautiful
Anushka Singh
Escorts, ESCORT, Mumbai, AGENCY, Gurgaon, IN, Independent, SERVICE, Female Escorts, Beautiful
Muhammad Ibrahim Al Ayyub
Beautiful
Ayesha Noor, web designer @, ISLAMABAD DUBAI
Pakistani, Indian Girls, Beautiful, College, Models, Bollywood, Dubai, Arabic
Jessica Ruston
Luxury, London, Books, Headline Review, Groups CAN, Raise BIG, HOW Small, Moyes, October, Beautiful
People by job: ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ People by company: ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZJeff Kanew
USA, 1991
Review by Glenn Heath Jr.
Posted on 20 June 2013
Source Buena Vista Home Entertainment DVD
Categories Failed Franchises
The box office failure of a Hollywood film, especially one that was intended to begin a long and lucrative franchise for both its star and studio, is inevitably a complex scenario with multiple economic and creative factors. The case of Jeff Kanew’s 1991 bomb V.I. Warshawski starring Kathleen Turner, the first of a planned series on the wisecracking private detective made popular by Sara Paretsky’s crime novels, is most interesting for what it says about the relationship between gender and genre in tinsel town. While not a great film by any measure, V.I. Warshawski valiantly attempts to revise the patriarchal rules of mainstream storytelling and place at its center a strong female character forced to examine her own identity as a woman.
Detective films have notoriously been dominated by men ever since the genre’s inception, often pushing female characters to the fringes or relegating them to villain status. So in a way, V.I. Warshawski says more about Turner’s powerful draw as a performer than anything else. After a string of critical and commercial hits that included Romancing the Stone, Prizzi’s Honor, Peggy Sue Got Married, and The Accidental Tourist, she was a bonafide star by the late 1980s. So what was it about this particular marriage of form and content that repelled viewers so much the film only drew in 11 million on North American screens? Was this particular character too confident and strong for a primarily male-driven audience to embrace?
The answers to these questions are varied and subjective, but the film itself offers multiple fascinating threads to consider. Based primarily on Paretsky’s novel Deadlock, Kanew’s formally straightforward action comedy follows the ballsy V.I. (later called Vic) as she traverses her hometown of Chicago trying to solve the murder of a famous hockey player embroiled in shady union deals involving his family’s shipping company. A key subplot involves the dead man’s snarky daughter Kat who quickly becomes a surrogate daughter to Vic. Most of the film’s jokes revolve around the character’s gender and profession, as when Stephen Root’s smarmy factory owner refers to Vic as a “female dick” in the opening moments. Nearly every man in the film makes a similar wisecrack, yet Vic consistently repels their snark with witty retorts. This is Vic’s film, and her presence as an active character is wonderfully rendered despite the crude social environment.
Unlike Kathryn Bigelow’s Blue Steel, which posits Jamie Lee Curtis’ embattled female police officer in a defensive position to fend off Ron Silver’s male femme fatale, V.I. Warshawski paints Vic in a warmer light, as a sassy superior to more deviant or weak male characters. Not only does Vic live in an apartment overlooking Wrigley Field, she drives a burnt out muscle car and picks up men with ease. The film sees her a product of a masculine world, and the male characters are often turned on by it. It’s when Vic steps outside the realm of sexuality into a professional stance that confuses men. Throughout the film, she confronts male characters of varying seediness who never quite take her seriously as an investigator. They ultimately pay the price.
Some of the men in V.I. Warshawski do appreciate Vic for her unflinching persona. On-again-off-again boyfriend Murray Ryerson, a slutty journalist who plays a pivotal role in the film’s plot, acts as a kind boy-Friday to Vic. Charles Durnings’ crotchety Det. Mallory stands in for Vic’s deceased police officer father, snarling sage advice at key moments. When Vic tells him about her hunch regarding a corrupt businessman who may be involved with the murder, Mallory growls in indifference, “My gut is bigger than your gut.” Yet the film seeks to reverse gender roles in almost every sense without sacrificing Vic or Kat’s femininity. Both of the characters express admiration for sporting men (Kat screams of “I love you Mark Grace” while watching a Cubs game), but are equally agile and brave when the action scenes hit. We’ll get close ups of Vic in high running shorts or high heels, but equally voyeuristic shots of her hand on a .357 Magnum. Kanew sees the camera as a way to show how misleading the male gaze can be.
Going back to the film’s failure as a franchise, it’s possible that audiences in the early 1990s expected V.I. Warshawski to be focused on the character’s sensuality, as suggested in the movie poster fixated on Turner’s long legs. The actress had wowed audiences with her venomous seductress in Body Heat a decade earlier and evoked a screwball feminine charm in Romancing the Stone. Instead, they found a film determined to subvert gender roles by spinning genre conventions like a top. When asked why she uses only her initials on professional business, Vic explains to Kat that “it’s harder for a man to patronize you if he doesn’t know your first name.” But the film shreds this sense of female anonymity and fear without balking at how uncomfortable a prospect this may be for the male-dominated Hollywood machine. We all deserve an identity.
By Glenn Heath Jr..Talent show raises more than $3,000 for scholarship fund
Darrin Phegley / The Gleaner Baili Cox sing a capella during the Ohio Valey's Got Talent show at the Henderson Fine Arts Center Saurday night, February 23, 2013.
Darrin Phegley / The Gleaner Amanda McGrail finishes out her dance routine during the Ohio Valley's Got Talent show Saturday night, February 23, 2013.
Darrin Phegley / The Gleaner Morgan Book wails out her lyrics as she performs for Ohio Valley's Got Talent Saturday night, February 23, 2013.
Ohio Valley's Got Talent Showcase raised a total of $3,519 for the scholarship fund Rotary Colonels 2 College.
The showcase was held Saturday night at Henderson Community College Fine Arts Center.
Wynston Presley won the $1,000 grand prize, according to organizer Joan Hoffman. Jonathan Ballard took home the $500 second place prize, while Corbe Ashby received $250 for third place. Tanelle Smith was given the Audience Choice Award, a prize worth $250.
Other finalists for the competition included: Kenzie Gentry, Amanda McGrail, Lacie Stapleton, Savannah Gilford, Ray Ligon, Chelsea Carr, Aaron Littrell, Morgan Book and Baili Cox.
All proceeds raised from the talent show went to Rotary Colonels to College, which is a nonprofit organization that provides scholarship funds for Henderson County High School students who will attend Henderson Community College.What does CONVENIENT stand for?
What does CONVENIENT mean? This page is about the various possible meanings of the acronym, abbreviation, shorthand or slang term: CONVENIENT.
We've found a total of 2 definitions for CONVENIENT:
Filter by: Sort by:PopularityAlphabeticallyCategory
What does CONVENIENT mean?
- convenient(adj)
- suited to your comfort or purpose or needs
see more on Definitions.net »
Still can't find the acronym definition you were looking for? Use our Power Search technology to look for more unique definitions from across the web!
"CONVENIENT." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.Snorkeling & the World to Comeby Mrs. Lori Palatnik
Just because you can’t see it doesn’t mean it’s not there.
Just because you can’t see it doesn’t mean it’s not there.
The power and excitement of learning Torah all night long.
Show your love and appreciation every day.
He did an amazing job with Hawaii.
Who are your kids’ role models?
Each of your children is a match made in Heaven.
The Jewish people is one big family.
The importance of being positive.
Why do we need to be reminded that slavery is bitter?.Searching for
Buick Centurion Parts
Need parts for your Buick Centurion? Then look no further than 1A Auto, your online source for the parts you need to keep your Buick Centurion Buick Centurion. If we wouldn't put the part in our own Buick Centurion, we won't sell them to anyone else. We also know you want your part fast and so we stock the Buick Centurion Buick Centurion Buick Centurion parts online and buy safely and securely right here on our website, or you can call our customer service toll free at 888-844-3393 if you have any questions, or to buy over the phone.Read more
Popular Parts
- A/C and Heater Controls
- A/C Cooling System
- Alternator
- Auto Carpet
- Ball Joint
- Brake Light Switch
- Brake Pads
- Clutch and Clutch Parts
- Control Arms - Rear
- Convertible Top Boot
- Convertible Tops
- Door Hinge Parts
- Door Jamb Switch
- Electrical Parts
- Engine and Drivetrain
- Fuel Pump
- Fuel Sending Units
- Gas / Fuel Tank Straps
- Gas / Fuel Tanks
- Headlight Assemblies
- Headlight Switch
- Horns & Horn Parts
- Ignition Coil
- Ignition Key Lock Cylinder
- Leaf Spring Shackles and Bracket Repair
- Neutral Safety Switch
- Oxygen Sensors
- Power Steering Pump
- Power Steering Pump Reservoir
- Power Window Motor
- Radiator
- Shocks and Struts
- Spark Plug Wires
- Speedometer Cable
- Steering and Suspension Parts
- Sway Bars
- Thermostat & Housing
- Tie Rods & Adjusting Sleeves
- Water Pump & Related
- Weatherstripping
- Window Regulator.Ke thirdbaseman has only been able to play softball this season, due to an ACL injury during the fall.
“At first, I was down just trying to get over the aspect of having my injury,” said Romero, a 5-foot-9 junior. “Now I’m starting to reach my peak — I’m not overal worried about injuring my knee (again).”
Whether or not Portales reaches its peak depends on what happens Saturday against Grants, the District 3-3A champion and the No. 3 team in the most recent Albququerque Journal 3A coaches poll (April 22).
“We watched them last week and they’re pretty good,” Portales coach Robbie Crowley said of the Lady Pirates. “They’re pretty tough defensively, they’ve got a good pitcher and they hit the ball well against Cobre.”
After Portales beat St. Michael’s in a 16-inning game three weekend ago, Crowley theorized that it was the type of game that could make or break a season. Portales went 3-1 from the point on, while St. Michael’s lost four-straight after that point.
One of Portales’ victories came against Lovington, and it snapped a 41-game district winning streak by the Lady Wildcats. Crowley felt that win was a high point in Portales’ district season.
“I think we hit the ball well,” Crowley said of the district season. “We cut down on our errors, proved to ourselves that we could be Lovington, learned something by splitting in Ruidoso (April 16) — what can happen when we take matters for granted.”
That’s something Portales certainly doesn’t want to do, after losing in the regionals for the last two seasons. Portales lost to Bernalillo each time, including last season when Bernalillo went on to win the state title. Grants is a more favorable matchup than Bernalillo (ranked No. 1 in 3A), but Crowley said that won’t be important Saturday afternoon.
“It doesn’t matter who we face,” Crowley said. “We have to play.”
Winners of this weekend’s regionals will advance to the state tournament, May 14-15 in Hobbs.AMAZINGGGGGG
Jasmine and Abbey's faces i can't deal
AMAZINGGGGGG
Jasmine and Abbey's faces i can't deal
Lololol this one is perfect.
Lucys tsundere face!
Thanks, I giggled/squeed over them for a long time when I first made them. Tried to capture the characters' quintessential emotion
Posted a better view #7747 [url=""] [img] 020dfb2/7747%20-%203DS%20Abbey%20Carter%20Daisy%20David%20GoGorainbow_%28Artist% 29%20Jasmine%20Lucy%20Mii%20Mike%20Nintendo%20Paulo%20Sandy%20Tess%20human.jpg [img] [/url]
Comment ID #57919
I made these last year but since I couldn't find a way to get a screenshot off the 3DS, I never posted them. I saw someone else post their Mii's and I wanted to post mine so I just had to take a picture -.-
GoGoRainbow 2 years ago.As the 2015 wedding season shifts into high gear, we asked makeup artist Eri Tsuno of Eri Vincent Makeup (and frequent Sarasota Magazine contributor!) for some of her top tips, tricks and recommendations to make 2015 the prettiest wedding season ever.
Q: What makeup trends are you seeing the most of for the 2015 wedding season?
A: So many more brides are going for a bolder look, which I love; I am getting a lot more requests for winged eyeliner and bright lips. Also a huge trend in the makeup world that is crossing over into bridal makeup is highlighting/contouring. This technique is great, as it really sculpts the face and gives a fresh, beautiful look to the skin.
Q: What universal wedding-day makeup recommendations would you make to any bride?
A: Leading up to the wedding, if you know you will be in the sun, make sure you invest in a bandeau bathing suit top. Nothing is more distracting than tan lines!
Makeup for your wedding day should make you feel glamorous and beautiful. Make sure you have a trial with your makeup artist to ensure he/she can bring out the natural glamour in you without making you look like a different person.
Another great guideline is to have the makeup artist match your neck/body color for your foundation. Most of us skin-savvy women wear sunscreen on a daily basis on our faces, or our daily makeup has a built in sunscreen in it, so the face is always lighter than the neck and body. If you make the mistake of a light face and tan body, you could end up with a "floating head"-type situation in your pictures.
And [add] lashes! Lashes are the most amazing item in the makeup arsenal. They open up the eyes, and give you a glamorous look without having to use much makeup. Make sure you request real hair lashes, which are lighter and look the most natural.
Q: What is the biggest makeup mistake that a bride can make?
A: I would say too much shimmer/glitter is the biggest mistake you can make for your wedding day makeup. Whether it’s all shimmery eye shadows or body glitter, it is just plain tacky. It over-exposes in pictures and can look very dated. A bit of glow in the right places is a different story. A pop of highlighter on the top of the cheekbones, or a mid-tone reflective eye shadow on the lid mixed with matte eye shadows, can be very complimentary. Makeup is all about balance--never too much of one thing.
Here a few more of Eri's top do's and don'ts for wedding-day makeup:
DO bring with you examples of makeup you like and explain to the artist why you like certain looks. When in doubt, over-communicate. You will be a lot happier with the final result.
DON'T forget to drink lots of water leading up to the wedding. It will have a major effect on you and how your makeup goes on. Lips will be smoother and plumper, eyes will be less puffy and skin will glow from within.
DO have a lip gloss or color you can touch up with for the reception. Even the best lip stains will wear off with eating and talking.
DON’T be scared to go with a brighter color palette. Keep in mind your makeup has to have enough color to offset the whiteness of the dress. Nothing too crazy, but a rosy blush and a pop of pink or coral on the lips can do wonders and make you look fresh and glowy.
DO plan for your makeup artist to have a well-lit place to do your makeup on the wedding day. Natural light by a window is the best.
DON’T do anything too drastically different from what you normally do. Wedding day makeup should be just a more glamorous, polished version of your everyday self.
For more Sarasota wedding tips and trends, click here. >>.
Karen Sykes provides an enthographic account of the ritual production of a Malanggan: a Barok (one tribe from Papua New
Guinea) mortuary sculpture [1]. For Tarde, and Sykes utilises this insight, imitation is foundational to all social relations. Ideas and material objects are exchanged through imitative relations; in addition, this borrowing is a creative act. Thus images, ideas or things are never exchanged in some pure economic space but rather exchange is a form of association, one that must be creatively managed.
In terms of rituals, such a view opens up ways of thinking about what we share and create by participating (both in giving and receiving) during such actions. To be endowed is not to receive a tangible kernel of ‘power’ that we can use to accomplish specific tasks; rather we are given access to certain symbols or tokens that we can creatively organise in divinely significant or redemptive ways. Moreover, we are given access to certain spaces where we can creatively work with those symbols. Perhaps an under-utilised feature of the celestial room is the ability to discuss the experiences of the endowment ritual. By focussing solely upon prayer, as some do, we fail to activate the liturgy through these dialogues.
When making the Malanggan, the Barok resist failure by borrowing techniques from the ancestors or neighbours. There is no formal process discretely outlined in a sacred text, but rather this is an oral tradition, much like the temple [2]. Yet, this borrowing is necessarily open to the possibility of failure and instability; those who labour with these rituals recognise that they are always working against these fears. It is interesting that part of the way they guard against this instability is to re-invoke the techniques of construction of the Malanggan through speaking about them and their limitations. They protect the rituals from collapse by acknowledging that they could fail if their attempt to borrow or imitate is not successfuly enacted. One way we can therefore work with these symbols in that specific space is to explore their limits in the context of ritual borrowing.
Further, in making the Malanggan, the rituals become a communal act; they are a series of embodied forms and relations that are points of connectivity. When the Malanggan is made, the labourers use many small pieces of hand-made rope, as if to force the labourers to remember that people are bound together. In the face of death, we must work to recreate those ties. The labourers must watch each other and their predecessors and enact the ritual in presence of others. There is a real sense that Mormon rituals also embody this pattern, for example I love that we share the sacrament amongst ourselves. Each of us becomes implicated in the salvation of the people next to us through that communal covenant. The ritual patterns of passing the trays down rows, or when we are taught and receive certain symbols in the temple, points of association are created between participants. If we follow Tarde, the nature of these associations is constitutive of the entities which are associated. Thus we are changed by our response to this form of community-making practice. Each of us are the result of many connections and associations, each one part of the composite Subject. It seems to me that these salvific communities we seek (i.e. Zion) are intended to be both symbolised and emergent from these ritual associations.
In addition, for these people, the Malanggan becomes an after-image: metaphorically and in practice. The colours are painted with a powedered sea-shell in order that the sun can glisten on these sculptures. Staring at the Malanggan creates an after-image (reversed colours) on the back of the eyelid, when the eyes are closed. The image is internalised. Symbolically the Malanggan is a recreated body of the deceased. The deceased is internalised through their ritual re-embodiment. The temple is also a place where we re-embody our deceased ancestors, but also Jesus.
Why is this ritualistic borrowing important? As I suggested earlier, as we actively imitate the ritual expressions and techniques of those in our community we enter into sacred social relations. Relations that will define who we are. Mormon theology, it seems to me, believes that apotheosis is the result of a certain type of relationship (i.e. the Godhead, Marriage, Zion) which is enacted through ritual. Sykes argues that ‘borrowing is a social act in which the value of social relations must be explicit and discussed as a chain linking people to each other through things and to things’[1]. The Malanggan is an embodiment of a relationship; as are our LDS rituals and ordinances.
Notes:
1. Karen Sykes, The Value of a Beautiful Memory in The Social after Gabriel Tarde, ed. Matei Candea [London: Routldge, 2010], pp. 62-80.
2. Kathleen Flake, Not to be Riten: The Mormon Temple Rite as Oral Canon in Journal of Ritual Studies, vol. 9(2), (Summer, 1995), pp. 1-21.
Next year’s EMSA/BASR meeting is on ritual…
Interesting post.
BTW it’s interesing how the extra // in the end of the URL makes that the Flake-link won’t work, at least not in my browser.
Niklas, its fixed. Thanks for that.
Aaron, thank you for this post. I have nothing to add, but will be thinking about some of the thing you mention which I have never considered before.
The problem of “Rituals” (IMO), is the fine line between Religious rituals ( seeking God’s help or worshiping him), and Magical rituals ( thinking these rituals give you power over Nature).
Thanks Mark. I too have found Tarde’s thinking and a few of the recent anthropological studies using his ideas immensly valuable.
Bob, I think the problem of rituals does not really apply to this particular reading, primarily because Tarde is primarily focussed upon how imitative social relations are created and maintained. Therefore what is important here is how these rituals (might) accomplish the forms of association that they intend to.
Bob, what exactly is the problem? And why the scare quotes?
Appreciate the thoughts, Aaron.
#6: Yes you are right, this is more of good old boys rituial than religious or magic. (I am up my Trobriand Islands and the Kula Ring).
#7: I did not know ” marks scared people. What should I have used? You might want to look at the *OCD Project* on *TV*, to see how scarey *rituals* can be.
“Perhaps an under-utilised feature of the celestial room is the ability to discuss the experiences of the endowment ritual. By focussing solely upon prayer, as some do, we fail to activate the liturgy through these dialogues.”
Amen, Aaron R. In a way, I think we are so socialized NOT to talk about our ritual, that even in appropriate settings, we are still slightly uncomfortable doing so. I wish we did this more.
” that apotheosis is the result of a certain type of relationship ”
How would you distinguish this from the reverse: that certain relationships are only made possible by individual realization of certain principles?
I wish we talked more about our rituals, and not only in the Celestial Room. Problem with the Temple is, I’m always there alone. Nobody to talk to but God. For the most part, I like it that way. ~
Bob, you still haven’t answered the question. Also, what is your division between religion and magic?
#11: All people are scared by the unknown world they find themselves born into. We try to control this world in three ways: Religion ( God’s protection), Magic ( control by self powers or supersictions, Harry Potter stuff), or Science (control by logic or reason).
Nice post Aaron R. I’ve been thinking about related ideas after recently reading Steadman and Palmer’s book “The Supernatural and Natural Selection”
(sorry I don’t know how to put in an amazon link), though not in the way you put it. Thanks.
Are there any LDS rituals for which it could be argued that sacred bonds are not reinforced in any way via the ritual? Nothing stood out to me. Even the most solitary type of ritual, like, say consecrating oil, is generally for use in a setting that could be argued to indirectly improve social bonds. (Unless you’re BH Roberts and give yourself the blessing.)
Thomas your question is a good one. I should note that my reference here is influenced by Ostler’s view of divinity. As noted above, the covenants (and their attendent principles) are simulatenous with the relationship. Living honestly is the relationship. The relation, or association, is who we are. I do not see how we can possess a principle ‘individually’, we can only do or be what our associations or connections allow or facilitate us to do or be.
I agree we should speak our rituals more, though the recent policy on this suggests that we should avoid even veiled allusions to the temple outside of the building. Thus what we can say about it is being limited even further.
Mike, I cannot think of an example, simply because in Mormonism, like you mention, there is also the person who performs the ordinance and the person who receives the ordinance. However, even if there were ordinances that we could perform on our own, as long as there was an imitative element (i.e. we followed someone else’s practice) the bonds are still present.
#13: I agree Mormon rituals usually reinforce group bonds, but are not always limited to that. Baptism brings you into the group, but also offers the washing away of your sins. Ordinations bonds you to the Priesthood groups, but also mades you a Deacon or Elder.
Bob 15. Good point. I agree.
Though I suspect that only the “believer” would say that the ritual has this aspect. An outsider who does not believe in the supernatural and not-explicitly-reinforcing-bonds aspects of the ritual could argue that such aspects are ultimately/implicitly about reinforcing group bonds. Nobody observes another’s remission of sins; you only observe the ritual act. So a person’s baptism signals, among other things, that that person will continue to act in cohesion with the group ideals, that a person will act as if her sins were remitted, etc.Dr. Mark Lyons, Vice President of Alltech, spoke about the opportunities and challenges faced by beef and dairy producers in China at Global 500. For example, 70% of people in China will live in cities by 2030. As a result, meat and milk consumption could increase another 50%. You can watch his full presentation during Session 1 on the Alltech Ag Network.
Watch the video here to learn more about Mark's thoughts on opportunities in China.Sept. 26, 2007
In the September issue of GolfDigest, the magazine ranked Baylor's women's golf program 22nd in its Golf First Rankings and 32nd in its Balanced Ranking.
Several different factors are considered in each poll. In the Golf First Rankings, GolfDigest ranks Baylor 22nd among NCAA Division I schools for athletes who are looking to continue their golf career in and beyond college. The Bears rank in the top 10 percent of the team adjusted scoring average (76.09).
In the Balanced Rankings, academics is considered with a higher percent than career enhancement. Baylor ranks 32nd in the Balanced Rankings poll earning 56 points out of a possible 100 in the academics category.
Baylor has the third highest ranking among Big 12 Conference schools in the Golf First Rankings and is the second highest ranked Big 12 school in the Balanced Ranking.
Other factors considered in the polls are player growth, academics, climate, facilities and coaches, and a golf only ranking.
Baylor is ranked in the top 20 percent in both climate and facilities and coaches and is ranked 29th in the golf only portion of the polls.
Duke, the three-time defending national champions, ranks first in both polls.
The Bears will next be in action when they travel to the Price's "Give-em Five" Invitational in Las Cruces, N.M., on Oct. 15-17.Morgan Hewitt guest stars in season 4 of the TV Land series Hot in Cleveland, where she plays Carmen, a potential love interest for Chloe's (Heather Locklear) ex-husband Alec (Jay Harrington)
Morgan is a television actress who has appeared on HBO's Entourage, A&E's The Glades, and ABC's Revenge. She was also seen in the redux of Melrose Place, a hit TV show created by Aaron Spelling which starred Heather Locklear.Mortgage Rates
CD Rate Reports
Savings Rates
Checking Rates
Auto Loans
Calculators
Banks
Widgets
Money Market Rates and Savings Rates December 10, 2012
As we head until the final weeks of 2012 both average
savings rates
and money market rates are unchanged, ending another year of ultra low deposit rates. The best savings rates and best money market rates on our rate lists also haven't changed this week and probably won't for at least a couple more years.
Dealing with these pathetic interest rates for about 4 years now isn't an easy thing for anybody who relies on interest income to live or just even if you're just trying to stay ahead the rate of inflation. You basically can't do either investing only in deposit accounts which means you have to take on more risk to get the same return you would have several years ago without any risk.
The current national average savings rate/money market rate on account balances of $10,000 is at 0.52 percent this week, unchanged from last week's average rate. Larger deposit amounts don't earn that much of a higher rate. Current rates on account balances of at least $25,000 are at 0.56 percent and account balances of $50,000 earn 0.63 percent.
Think these average rates are low? In this week's FDIC national average rate survey the average savings account rate is at 0.08 percent and the average money market account rate is at 0.12 percent. Jumbo savings rates on account balances of $100,000 or more are also at 0.08 percent and jumbo money market rates are at 0.18 percent.
The
best savings rates
and money market rates right now on national rate list are many times the average rates. The highest savings rate on our rate list this week is from Barclays Bank at 1.00 percent with an APY of 1.00 percent. The highest money market rate on our rate list is 4 basis points higher at 1.04 percent. Union FSB and Sallie Mae Bank are both offering money market rates at 1.04 percent with an APY of 1.05 percent.
Highest Savings Rates December 10, 2012
Barclays Bank Rates 1.00% APY 1.00%
Ally Bank Savings Rates 0.95% APY 0.95%
American Express Savings Rates 0.90% APY 0.90%
Colorado Federal Savings Bank Rates 0.85% APY 0.85%
Discover Bank Rates 0.80% APY 0.80%
Bank of Internet Rates 0.80% APY 0.80%
ING Direct Savings Rates 0.75% APY 0.75%
Highest Money Market Rates December 10, 2012
Sallie Mae Bank Money Market Rates 1.04% APY 1.05%
Union Federal Savings Bank Money Market Rates 1.04% APY 1.05%
EverBank Money Market Account APY 1.01%
Able Banking Money Market Rates 0.96% APY 0.96%
Ally Bank Money Market Rates 0.95% APY 0.95%
MetLife Bank Money Account Rates 0.85% APY 0.85%
Bank of Internet Money Market Rates 0.75% APY 0.75%
Author: Lisa Graham
December 10th, 2012
Rate Tables
Banking Articles
Money Market Rates and Savings Rates Report May 17, 2015
Savings Rates Set to Increase in the 2nd or 3rd Quarter
Savings Rates
Get This Widget for Your Website
Banking & Finance Information
Personal Finance
Advertising
MBR In the PressBut."
Samuelsson's offensive punch has been a bonus. It's not as though he wasn't expected to score at all when he got to Vancouver, but it was his influence in the locker room -- and maybe even his sarcastic sense of humor -- that was a big selling point for the Canucks..
"In our meetings where we discuss certain elements that we need to do, he always has a good knowledge of what's going and he's not afraid to share it with the group."."
Follow Dave Lozo on Twitter at: @DLozoNHLPosts tagged Backpack
Powerbag Sling backpack w/ battery backup22
The Sling from Ful is a Powerbag laptop and accessory backpack that features a 3000 mAh battery. The backpack can house a 14-inch or smaller laptop, in addit…
Video Rating: 4 / 5
120%+ SUPER BATTERY LIFE! Learn about Laptop Battery Life
Vanguard Up-Rise 48 Backpack for DSLR & Laptop25
Follow Me on Twitter: twitter.com Tune Into Technology: Manufacturer Link COMMENT, RATE, SUBSCRIBE! Vanguard Up-Rise 48 Backpack for DSLR & Laptop Vanguard Up-Rise 48 Backpack for DSLR & Laptop Vanguard Up-Rise 48 Backpack for DSLR & Laptop
120%+ SUPER BATTERY LIFE! Buy a Durable Laptop Battery at LaptopBatteryLife.com
backpack3
backpack
Image by sparky_vision
The contents of the backpack, minus the magic box that allows me to pull anything I need for any given situation out of thin air.
Voltaic Solar Battery Charger Backpack24
If you’re on the go or have a kid who is, look at the Voltaic solar battery charger backpack. The solar panels on the Voltaic solar battery charger backpack connect to a battery to charge your iPod, cell phone or laptop. The Voltaic solar battery charger backpack comes with a phone adapter and a USB adapter so you can charge your batteries and gear.
Video Rating: 4 / 5
UNBEATABLE 50% OFF DISCOUNT! Learn about Laptop Battery Life on
Recent CommentsParliament of Australia
House is not live
House of Representatives
Senate is not live
Senate
Current section pages
My Parliament
You are here:
Morag
Donaldson
The Government will provide $199.2 million over five years to
various government departments and law enforcement agencies to
enhance Australia’s aviation security regime.[1] The 2010–11 Budget contains
a number of measures aimed at improving passenger and air cargo
security which respond to current threat assessments, aviation
security policy (set out in the recent Aviation White Paper) and
recommendations made by the National Security Adviser following the
attempted terrorist attack in the United States on 25 December
2009.[2] Some
of the funded measures include:
Provision has already been included in the forward estimates
for:
For details of other border protection measures
funded in the Budget (including anti-people smuggling and
immigration issues) see the ‘Border protection and
detention’ section by Janet Phillips and Elibritt Karlsen in
this Budget Review.
[1]. Australian
Government, Budget measures: budget paper no. 2:
2010–11, Commonwealth of Australia, Canberra, 2010,
p. 99.
[2]. Australian Government, Flight Path to
the Future: National Aviation Policy White Paper, December
2009, viewed 12 May 2010,
[3]. In the 2009–10 financial year, more
than 900 000 travellers were processed using the
‘SmartGate’ option at Australia’s international
airports. SmartGate is a self-serve computer system which
uses the data in an ePassport and face recognition technology to
perform the customs and immigration checks that are usually
conducted by a Customs and Border Protection officer. See
Australian Customs and Border Protection Service,
SmartGate, Customs website, 2 December 2009, viewed
12 May 2010,
[4]. Australian Government, Budget
measures: budget paper no. 2: 2010–11, op. cit, pp.
99–100, and K Rudd MP (Prime Minister), A Albanese MP
(Minister for Infrastructure, Transport, Regional Development and
Local Government) and B O’Connor MP (Minister for Home
Affairs), Strengthening Aviation Security, media release,
9 February 2010, viewed 12 May 2010,;query=Id%3A%22media%2Fpressrel%2F3XUV6%22
See also (for example) J Kerin and R Bolton, ‘Biometrics
“promises faster aviation security”’,
Australian Financial Review, 4 May 2010, p. 36, viewed 12
May 2010,;query=Id%3A%22media%2Fpressclp%2F04LW6%22
and C Williams, ‘Tough task to achieve best balance in
aviation security’, The Canberra Times, 15 February
2010, p. 9, viewed 12 May 2010,;query=Id%3A%22media%2Fpressclp%2FU6WV6%22
.
[5]. The Unified Policing Model was developed
by the AFP in response to key recommendations in the 2005 Wheeler
Review of airport security and policing in Australia. It
‘enables a comprehensive and coordinated approach to
addressing criminality and terrorist threats in the aviation sector
and provides a unified policing presence at the 11 major Australian
airports’. For further details, see AFP,
Aviation, AFP website, no date, viewed 12 May 2010,
[6]. Australian Government, Budget
measures: budget paper no. 2: 2010–11, op. cit., pp. 100
and 107. Note that the Attorney-General’s Department
has been separately funded in the forward estimates ($23.6 million
over four years) to provide ‘national leadership on identity
security policy’, including digital identity, cyber security,
and document verification: ibid., p. 108.
Back to topBizLifeThe Project Manager's Partner is the authorative guide for all newcomers to project management.
More About This Textbook
Overview
Editorial Reviews
BizLifeThe Project Manager's Partner is the authorative guide for all newcomers to project management.
Office SolutionsThe book is designed for immediate on-the-job use and is a jam-packed resource.
Product Details
Table of Contents
Introduction
Part I: Your Deliverables, Phases, and Project Life Cycle
Part II: Your Essential Project Actions
Part III: Your Project Management Action Items
Appendix A: Tips for Managing Experts Outside Your Expertise
Appendix B: Glossary of Project Management Terms
Appendix C: Summary of Key Project Manager Actions and Results
Appendix D: Potential Shortcuts for Low-Risk Projects
Appendix E: Guidelines--When to Kill the Project
Appendix F: Taking Charge of Your Project Management Software
Appendix G: Selected Project Manager Resources
References
Subject IndexTYPE DESIGN INFORMATION PAGE last updated on
Thu May 21 16:55:34 EDT 2015
SEARCH THIS SITE:
IMAGE SEARCH:
FONT RECOGNITION VIA FONT MOOSE
LUC DEVROYE
ABOUT
Type design in the Dominican Republic [The Shiny Face was designed in 2011 by Santo-Domingo-based designer Yermine Richardson]
Danielle De Mondésert
Graphic designer in Santo Domingo City in the Dominican Republic. In 2012, she created the alchemic typeface Secreta (2012). [Google]
[More] ⦿
David Castillo
Santo Domingo-based designer of the dada poster typeface Blue Devil (2015). David says that he was inspired by Saul Bass when he designed Blue Devil. [Google]
[More] ⦿
Elisa Dall'Omo Haddad
Graphic designer (b. 1985) from Santiago in the Dominican Republic. Creator of the handwriting typeface Elisa (2007). [Google]
[More] ⦿
Galaxis
Studio in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Designer of the free font Nero (2014). [Google]
[More] ⦿
Ivan Nuñez Gomez
Graphic designer in Santo Domngo, Dominican Republic. In 2015, he created the free stencil display typeface Tostada. uis Molina
Based in the Dominican Republic. Creator of the free experimental typeface Taller (2014). [Google]
[More] ⦿
Lyle Zapato
[ZPi Fonts (or: Zapato Productions)]
[More] ⦿
Miguel Rafa
Santo Domingo, The Dominican Republic-based designer of the free spurred display typeface family Melma (2015). [Google]
[More] ⦿
Oranisz Illustrations
Based in Bacvaro, The Dominican Republic, Oranisz Illustrations created the hand-printed typeface Abruti Serif (2014). Free download. Behance link. [Google]
Breadcrumbs NavigationHome > News & Publications > News and Communications > News > Discovery Explains How Cold Sore Virus Hides During Inactive Phase
Discovery Explains How Cold Sore Virus Hides During Inactive Phase
Duke University Medical Center scientists have figured out how the virus that causes cold sores hides out, and now..
About This Article
Article Details
Published: July 2, 2008
Updated: July 3, 2008
For Journalists
Reporters & producers can visit Duke Medicine News and Communications for contact information.
Contact Duke Medicine News and Communications
Section Navigation
Cystoisosporiasis (formerly known as isosporiasis) is an intestinal disease of humans caused by the coccidian parasite Cystoisospora belli (formerly known as Isospora belli). Cystoisosporiasis is most common in tropical and subtropical areas of the world. The parasite can be spread by ingesting contaminated food or water. The most common symptom is watery diarrhea. The infection is treatable and preventable.
Image: Two immature oocysts of Cystoisospora belli in unstained wet mounts viewed by ultraviolet (UV) fluorescence microscopy. The oocyst on the left contains one sporoblast; the oocyst on the right contains two sporoblasts.Related articles All News Articles Media Reviews 20° Individual Values: A Pokémon Feature - Week 21: Old Friends, Old Rivals 6d ago - Game Podunk's Jonathan Higgins writes: "But what do the other friendly nemesis characters spri... | Culture Comments (0) RaikRhythm Source 40° Is A New Pokemon Game Coming This Year? 7d ago - AOTF Writes: "The Pokemon series once upon a time saw releases in the mainline series only once e... | Wii U Comments (2) FalconSabre Source Ad Visit CGMagazine: The Culture of Games Now - CGM is for the mature audience of comics and games that wants more out of their media than just a review score. | Promoted post Read More SiteBot 40° Yooka and Laylee Share a Strange Resemblance to These Pokemon 12d ago - In this feature, Twinfinite showcases pieces of fan art that cleverly draw connections between Yo... | Wii Comments (2) KyoNinjaForHire Source 20° Top 5 Old School Pokemon Habits 13d ago - Some Pokemon habits are just hard to break! | GameCube Comments (0) SifuHotman Source 10° Individual Values: A Pokémon Feature - Week 20: Standing Platform 13d ago - Game Podunk's Jonathan Higgins writes: "We've had rogue-likes, photography sims, puzzle games... | Culture Comments (0) RaikRhythm SourceChild sex abuse royal commission: Salvation Army abuse victim recalls rape and bashing
Updated
A victim of child sexual abuse burst into tears at a public hearing as he recalled being raped by a Salvation Army officer at a boys' home.
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse heard the man's account at its 10th public inquiry in Sydney.
The new inquiry is set to examine how the charity handled complaints against its staff in the Salvation Army's Eastern Territory from 1993 until now.
The man, known as JF, was nine when he and some of his siblings were sent to the Alkira boys' home in the Brisbane suburb of Indooroopilly.
It was 1948, and his father had just shot and killed his mother.
JF stayed there for more than six years, during which time he endured physical abuse during exercise sessions at the hands of an officer known as Captain X-18.
"I was forced to train, but experienced unbearable pain every time I landed on my feet after going over the wooden horse," he said.
"Captain X-18 told me that I was making it up. He grabbed me by the shirt, pulled me towards him and kneed me in the stomach.
"I passed out and woke up in the hospital the next day with a burst appendix."
Captain X-18 also humiliated JF during shower time, and JF says he was choked and raped by one of the officers at Indooroopilly.
When he reported the rape to the home's manager, JF says he was beaten with a cane.
"I believed that the officer who raped me also sexually abused other boys because I often heard boys crying in that particular officer's bedroom," he said.
"The emotional impact of being in the home was particularly bad, because you never knew what was going to happen."
A lawyer read JF's statement after he broke down.
'No action was taken about the man who raped me'
The inquiry also heard JF reported the abuse 60 years after it happened, and decided to ask the Salvation Army for an apology and compensation.
In 2008, JF sent them his victim impact statement and received a letter from Major Daphne Cox, saying the Salvation Army wanted to do all it could to help.
The royal commission heard that Major Cox discussed JF's claims with Captain X-18, who replied: "The accusation that concerns me most... is that of sodomy. I'm appalled if that actually did happen. If that accusation is correct, I believe the matter should be resolved and the man responsible, if he is still alive, should be brought to justice."
Today JF said that was the first time that he had heard that Captian X-18 was supportive of his claims being brought to justice.
In May 2009 Major Cox wrote a letter to JF offering an ex gratia payment of $30,000, which was conditional on him signing a deed of release.
He had no opportunity to negotiate, and he could not afford a lawyer. The deed of release meant he could not pursue legal action.
JF says what he really wanted was an apology in person, and an investigation.
"They could have reported it to the police. I felt left in the dark and no action was taken about the man who raped me," he said.
"I didn't feel the 'sorry' meant anything. You can say 'sorry' for anything."
JF said the compensation figure did not compare to what other victims have received.
"At the time I thought the offer was pretty good, because I didn't have any money. But now I think it's completely inadequate for what they did to me, and I have no idea how they arrived at that amount," he said.
The lawyer representing the Salvation Army, Kate Eastman, told the commission the Salvation Army acknowledged that its systems had sometimes failed survivors.
Pell publicly apologises to abuse victim Ellis
The new inquiry follows a hearing earlier this year which explored harrowing accounts of abuse at boys' homes run by the organisation in New South Wales and Queensland between the 1950s and the 1970s.
The hearing, which is expected to last for up to a fortnight, has been told children were beaten and raped by Salvation Army officers.
It has heard various victims felt "shut down" and "conned" when they came forward. Some were accused of lying and others received very little compensation.
Counsel assisting the commission, Simeon Beckett, says the evidence is likely to reveal that one man, known as EF, was raped multiple times by a Salvation Army Major and received "only $11,000" in compensation.
After JF's testimony, Australia's most senior Catholic cleric, Cardinal George Pell, was called back to answer more questions about his role in the case of former altar boy John Ellis.
Mr Ellis was abused by a priest in the 1970s, but lost a legal battle in 2007 when the Court of Appeal ruled the Catholic Church was not an entity that could be sued.
Before the case Mr Ellis asked for $100,000 but was offered $30,000.
The court costs far exceeded Mr Ellis's original request for compensation.
Cardinal Pell has previously apologised to the victim in a statement tendered to the royal commission, and today he conveyed that in the hearing room.
"I want publicly to say sorry to him for the hurt caused him by the mistakes made, admitted by me, my archdiocesan personnel during the course of the Towards Healing process and litigation," he said.
Mr Ellis, who sat in the front row of today's hearing, did not react.
- Pell admits Church refused to negotiate with John Ellis
- Pell says Church stance on Ellis case unfair 'from Christian point of view'
- Pell tells child abuse inquiry Ellis case 'too well fought'
- Salvation Army hearing prompts spike in responses to royal commission
- Salvation Army leader cries while apologising to victims
- Child welfare officers aware of abuse at Salvation Army boys home
Topics: royal-commissions, child-abuse, charities-and-community-organisations, sydney-2000, australia, indooroopilly-4068, qld
First postedQuestion
How do I deal with an overbearing sister in law??
Im glad that shes excited about her first niece. But it just seems like shes too much, I dont know if its just hormones but everytime i think about her I want to scream and break down. She recently split up with her husband and now it feels like shes putting all her energy to take over. She even said that shes moving closer to us so she can be with the baby all the time. She said that she wants to make the baby her life. We even told her that we dont want her over all the time and that if she does want to come over that she needs to call first, she said she doesnt understand why or why she has to call first. She doesnt care about what we feel or what we say. I just dont know what to do. This is our first baby and would really like to enjoy and get use to being first time parents, but I cant do that if shes always going to be around. PLEASE I NEED SOME ADVICE! I NEED HELP WITH THIS DIFFICULT PERSON
Posted: 07/23/2010 by kyari0919
Mom Answers
Sort by: best answers | most recent answers
1 - 2 of 2 answers
- There is an excellent board to help with dealing with family. However you need to have your DH handle all contact with his sister. Stand your ground - if she comes over without calling don't answer the door or immediately leave on an errand. Letting her in to see her niece is rewarding unacceptable behavior. Tell her outright that this is NOT her child and it is not open for discussion regarding her. No is a complete sentence. Another good phrase is 'That won't work for us". "We will give that the consideration it deserves." If she refuses to listen then a time out is likely what you will need to consider.
-
- It's extremely frustrating having to deal with someone who's 'Over The Top' with unacceptable and selfish behavior ...especially when you've just had a new baby and want your own special family time. I sympathize completely and know first hand what it's like having to deal with an overbearing SIL. I've also recently had my first baby (a boy) and am constantly barraged with texts, phone calls, emails etc from my SIL, wanting to see my son and "share-him" as though he were her own. When I don't respond to her, she tries to gain access through my husband...Argh! What I find works for me is that, I always have pre-existing plans or places to be, so that any contact has a definite start and end time...I don't answer the door when SIL arrives uninvited, don't answer the phone when screening calls and don't reply to any texts that can lead to SIL asking to 'pop over' for a quick visit. I've become quite inventive at making up excuses for not seeing her - this might help you too? Good Luck!posted 10/12/2010 by a BabyCenter Member
-
Answer this questionBeacon Lesson Plan Library
Is It Alive?
Laurie Ayers
Bay District Schools
Description
This is the first lesson of the unit Living Things. Students explore living things and their habitats. They create an original It's Alive! book to demonstrate what they have learned.
Standards
Florida Sunshine State Standards
SC.F.1.1.1.1.1
The student understands that living things need food, water, space, and shelter to survive.
SC.F.1.1.2.1.1
The student knows how to classify things as living and nonliving.
SC.F.1.1.5.1.1
The student understands different ways in which living things can be grouped (for example, plant/animals, edible plants/non-edible plants)..
Materials
-Chart paper and a pen
-A closable, clear, plastic bag for each student
-Copies of Living/Non-living classifying chart, one per student (in attached file)
-Magazine or computer-generated pictures of living things
-Copies of the student activity My Basic Needs for Day 3, one per student (in attached file)
-White construction paper, two 12x18 pieces per student
-Stapler
-Ruler
-Crayons or water based felt tip markers
-Scissors, one per student
-Glue or glue sticks
-Copies of web, one per student (See Attached Files.)
-Pencils
-Overhead projector
-Overhead transparency of the web for the teacher (See Attached Files.)
-Completed It's Alive! books
-Overhead transparency of K-W-L chart , if teacher chooses to use the sample K-W-L chart in this way (See Extensions.)
-Primary nonfiction books, magazines, or other resources about various kinds of plants and animals, one per student
-Copies of Note to Parents to explain the homework activity for Day 1 (See Atached Files)
-Copy of Summative Assessment 1(See Extensions.)
-Copy of the Rubric for It's Alive! books (See Extensions.)
-Student Online Web Lesson, Critter Craze (See Web Links.)
Preparations
1. Obtain an example of a living thing, such as a hamster, butterfly, earthworm, bird, garden snake, etc.
2. Create a K-W-L chart on chart paper.
3. Familiarize yourself with the summative assessment and prepare guiding questions to lead class discussions.
4. Gather supplies listed in the Materials list.
5. Download and make copies of the classifying chart, My Basic Needs, and web, one copy each per student.
6. Make It's Alive books following the directions in the Day 1 lesson plan, one per student. Remember to make one to use when modeling the activity.
7. Make overhead transparencies of the web from the associated downloadable file.
8. Download the rubric for the It's Alive project from the attached file and make an overhead transparency of it.
9. Download and make copies of the Note to Parents See Attached Files..
Procedures
This lesson plan contains learning activities and assessments for days 1-5 of the unit It's Alive!
Day 1
(Note: Time for the lesson is 30 minutes. The nature walk will be an additional 30 minutes.)
1. To generate interest, display a living creature, possibly a hamster, garden snake, butterfly, or earthworm and ask leading questions to guide students in wanting to determine characteristics of living things. Explain that the purpose of this lesson is to learn more about living and non-living things.
2. The class then creates a K-W-L chart about living/non-living things. A sample K-W-L chart can be found in the Diagnostic Assessment file (See Extensions.). Use the sample as a model to create a larger chart on the board or on chart paper or download it and make an overhead transparency to complete with the class. It is necessary to look at Summative Assessment 1 (See Extensions.) to determine questions that will guide discussion along specific lines pertaining to the concepts being taught, i.e., How do we know if something is alive? What do living things need to survive? Can all living things live in the same environment? How do living things adapt to their environments? What is an environment? How are environments alike and different? What is a habitat? What does survive mean? What does adapt mean? What does classify mean? What is climate?
3. Distribute clear, plastic bags to each student and explain that the class will go for a walk. Each student is to collect 10 objects. Discuss safety hazards and precautions. Go for a walk and allow students to explore the environment and collect objects.
4. Upon returning to the class, define the word classify and instruct students to classify or group their objects into living and non-living groups using the downloadable classifying chart. Students discuss and compare their groups with those of a nearby partner.
5. Guide the students in determining that living things breathe, grow, and need food. Non-living things do not.
6. Record these ideas on a piece of chart paper and leave it up for display for the entire length of the unit.
7. In summary, students are encouraged to notice living things at home, in the backyard, on the playground, etc., and bring pictures of them for the next day. The pictures can be drawings, magazine pictures, photographs of pets, computer generated, etc. A Note to Parents is sent home to explain this homework activity (See attached file).
8. Reminder: Collect a few extra pictures of living things in case someone forgets.
9. Begin making the It's Alive books for use on Days 4 and 5. To make an It's Alive book, you will need two 12x18 pieces of white construction paper per student. Fold one sheet 6" up from one 12 side. Fold the other piece of construction paper 8 up from the 12 side. Slide the piece that is folded 8 under the piece that is folded 6 until the folds touch. Staple two times at the top. You now have a layered book. Make one per student.
10. Students begin working in pairs to complete the Student Online Web Lesson, Critter Craze. Note: It is suggested that emerging readers be paired with a more fluent reader to facilitate learning.
Day 2
1. Review characteristics of living/non-living things. Using the pictures collected the previous day, model ways the pictures might be grouped.
2. The students share their pictures of living things. Facilitate the discussion in order to teach as students practice grouping the pictures, according to varying criteria (i.e., plant or animal, if it lives on land, in the sea, or in the air, the number of legs or body parts, how animals move, etc.). As the student places his picture in an appropriate group, he states why he placed it there. Give appropriate formative feedback.
3. Students can be divided into small groups and practice grouping their pictures in various ways. Encourage discussion.
4. Finish making the It's Alive! books to be used on Days 4 and 5.
5. Students continue working in pairs to complete the Student Online Web Lesson, Critter Craze.
Day 3
1. Review the characteristics of living and non-living things and ways living things can be grouped.
2. Explain that all living things have basic needs.
3. Define basic needs as what living things must have to stay alive (food, water, shelter, and space). Note: To help students understand the concept of space, tape off a square area on the classroom floor big enough for all students to stand in it, but not have any space to move. Invite students to come into the square. Allow a few minutes for them to be in this position. Then ask, "Do you think you could survive if you had to live in this space?" Why? Why not? Lead students in determining their need for personal space. Encourage them to think about the effects of not having enough space. Some examples might be limited movement, altercations with others who get too close to us, not enough food for everyone, not enough homes for everyone, etc.) Discuss overpopulation and how it decreases the amount of personal space, thus threatening existence. Space is important to living things.
4. Discuss similarities and differences of basic needs of plants, animals, and humans and ways they are met.
5. Distribute copies of the cut and paste activity entitled My Basic Needs (See Attached Files.), one per student. Also, distribute scissors, crayons, and glue or glue sticks.
6. Tell students that they are to look at each picture at the bottom of the worksheet and think about what basic need it might help humans meet. Then they are to cut out the pictures and match and glue them under the correct basic need word at the top.
7. Students complete the activity. The completed activity is used as a formative assessment to guide future instruction.
8. Students continue working in pairs to complete the Student Online Web Lesson, Critter Craze.
Day 4
1. Review basic needs.
2. Using an overhead projector and the webs (available in the attached file), model how the students can read a non-fiction book about a living thing and use a web to take notes about how the living thing meets its basic needs. (The web in this lesson plan is based on the needs of a rabbit. If you do not have access to a non-fiction book about rabbits, change the subject). Model how the notes on the web can be used to create an It's Alive book. Show the students examples of completed It's Alive books. (Non-fiction books will be dificult for students because not many are written at their level. Options for assisting students: First, pre-select appropriate books, one each for small groups of students. Second, tape the books on audiocassettes. Last, allow small groups of students to -read- the books following along with the audiocassette. Another option would be for the teacher and the librarian to preselect about twenty books. Then allow students to choose from the selected books.)
3. Students choose a nonfiction book about a living thing, read it, and complete a web with facts about how it meets its basic needs. Note Use awareness of student performance and capabilities and provide alternative strategies for students who might have trouble completing the task. Suggestions for this might include pairing a more capable student with a less capable student, dividing the students into small groups and allowing them to read the book in a round robin fashion, or dividing students into small groups and restructuring this activity into a cooperative task, etc.
4. Share the downloadable rubric for assessment of the project and allow time for the students to ask questions (See Extensions.).
5. Give directions for the project as specified in the assessment file (See Extensions.).
6. Materials are passed out and students are encouraged to start their projects. Facilitate the activity by observing student performance and facilitating when necessary. Provide specific feedback using criteria from the rubric.
7. The student uses the graphic web to create an It's Alive book following the format modeled by the teacher and described on the rubric.
8. Students continue working in pairs to complete the Student Online Web Lesson, Critter Craze.
Day 5
1. Finish It's Alive books. If some students finish before others, they could be encouraged to complete the Web lesson that correlates with this unit, add more details to their books, or write a creative story about the living thing.
2. While the unit continues, students facilitate a review of the material from Days 1-5 by reading their books each day. This could be done during the Self-Selected Reading component of the Reading Framework.
3. Students continue working in pairs to complete the Student Online Web Lesson, Critter Craze.
Assessments
Diagnostic Assessment (See Extensions.) On the first day of this unit, the teacher and class will create a K-W-L chart about living and non-living things. Look for evidence of knowledge of the characteristics of living and non-living things, ways things can be grouped, and basic needs. The data is then used to guide instruction.
Formative Assessments Formative assessments will be ongoing throughout the unit and occur at times designated in daily lesson plans.
Summative Assessment 1(See Extensions.) This is a performance assessment that will be done on Days 4 5. Students create an It's Alive book to demonstrate knowledge of classifying living/non-living things, understanding of different ways living things can be grouped, and understanding that living things need food, water, space, and shelter to survive. They are to choose something that is alive, name a group it could belong to, and write three sentences about ways it meets its basic needs. (SC.F.1.1.2.1.1, SC.F.1.1.5.1.1, SC.F.1.1.1.1.1)
Extensions
1. Click the link below to view the Beacon Unit Plan associated with this lesson. See Attached Files to download the Unit Plan Overview, Unit Assessments, and other associated files.
2. Students need previous experience writing sentences.
3. Students need previous experience in reading. If some students have difficulty reading primary books, implement alternate strategies such as those suggested in the lesson plans.
4. Vocabulary could be used as part of the reading framework program and put up on a word wall.
5. Integrate journal writing activities to go along with this unit.
6. The layered book could have an extra page added to it for a title page.
Web Links
An online Student Web Lesson that introduces the concepts of basic needs, grouping, and habitats.
Critter Craze
Beacon Unit Plan
Living Things
Would need to be read by the teacher
Kratt's Creatures
For links on animals. Click on the following links: Education, Elementary Education, Science, Animals.
About.com
Attached Files
Vocabulary, Living/Non-living T-Chart, Note to Parents, My Basic Needs Handout, It's Alive Project Model, It's Alive Project Student Form, Rubric
File Extension: pdf
Return to the Beacon
Lesson Plan Library
.In May of this year, Ono rolled out the University of Cincinnati "UC2019 Academic Master Plan" (AMP). The plan will mean an initial investment of about $10 million toward long-term strategic goals set for completion in UC’s bicentennial year, 2019. The plan is one component of the university’s overall strategic plan, "UC2019 Accelerating Our Transformation.”
Ono's first academic appointment was as Assistant Professor of Medicine at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. While at, principal investigator of the Harvard Program in Ocular Immunology and on the Executive Committee of the NIH Training Program in Molecular Bases of Eye Diseases.
In 2001,, Ono also served as Associate Dean of Students, a member of the UCL Council (the university's governing body) and its finance committee.
Ono has served on the editorial boards of the Journal of Immunology, Journal of Biological Chemistry, Immunology and the Journal of Allergy & Clinical Immunology. He is a recipient of the Brit Katz Award from Emory University, the Roche Award, the Pharmacia International Award in Allergy Research and the Medal in Bronze from Osaka City University.. Ono's principal research interests focus on transcriptional regulation in the human immune system, mechanisms of mast cell dependent inflammation on the ocular surface and the immune component of age-related macular degeneration.
In accepting Williams’ resignation, the Board expressed its appreciation for his service and contributions to the university. Announcements regarding a search committee and timing of the search to identify the next president of the university are expected soon. For information about presidential searches, see the University Rule.What will it take for a nationwide environmental movement to succeed in India?
Related Content
The environmental awareness has increased, but there's no movement as such on a national scale. I don't think it's appropriate to call it a movement if a few hundred people participate, protest, demonstrate on some issue in a country which has more than a billion people. We can't imagine a nationwide movement till there's a demand from people everywhere and from every walk of life for a clean environment.
What are the main obstacles to environmental clean-up?
India is faced with numerous natural hazards, multiple health hazards, various combinations of poverty, population explosion, increasing materialism and consumerism, industrialization, urbanization, poor infrastructure, energy crisis, poor agricultural practices and so on.
An estimated 60 percent of cultivated land suffers from various forms of land degradation. The water resources are heavily contaminated. Rivers and lakes are dying. Various animal and plant species are endangered and on the verge of extinction.
We have the best of environmental laws and regulations in place but very lax implementation of these laws and regulations. Environment and pollution related issues are a low priority for the government, industries and people.
What used to be a horrible air pollution problem in Delhi has been dramatically improved by only allowing natural gas buses within the city. Do you think that is a success story?
The air quality has improved in Delhi. Everyone, the government, the civil society organizations, the media claim this. People also have this perception. It's not only CNG [clean natural gas]; various factors have played a role simultaneously. The metro, shifting of industries from non-conforming areas, cleaner fuel (low sulpher diesel and lead free petrol), stricter emission norms. CNG may have played a bigger role.
Are there cultural or religious beliefs in India that advocate caring for the environment?
Nature is worshipped in India. Air, water, rivers, animals and trees are treated as deities. But simultaneously air is polluted, rivers are profaned, tigers are poached, elephants are killed for tusks.
There are polluting social practices which have done the damage most to river Ganga. People consign dead bodies to river Ganga with a belief that the departed soul will be salvaged, go to heaven.
Government sponsors the river pollution on a massive scale. There are bathing festivals on certain occasions when millions of people flock to the river to have a holy dip. Much more resources have been spent in organizing these festivals than in cleaning the river.
What were Gandhi's thoughts about conservation?
Gandhi's thoughts about conservation are based on some of his basic principles like non-violence, simple living in harmony with nature. He was critical of western consumerism and materialism. He was of the opinion that the modern western civilization which equated consumerist lifestyle and abundance with development was self-destructive in nature.
Gandhi said Earth has enough to satisfy the needs of all the people, but not for satisfying the greed of some people. Gandhi also emphasized to keep in view the future generations before using up natural resources by the present generation.
Do you think population growth is a major factor in increasing environmental destruction?
Population growth is the most important factor in increasing environmental destruction. India's population grows by 1,815 [people] per hour.
Though India launched a family planning program long back, but this has failed to have any impact. The literate, educated and financially well-off people have voluntarily adopted small family norm. But the majority who are poor, illiterate and uneducated don't even think about family planning. Government started forced sterilizations in 1975 which led to the fall of the then government.
It's being predicted that soon we'll overtake China [in population size].
Comment on this Storycomments powered by DisqusThat’s right… Randy Couture says there’s already talk of an Expendables 4. November 14th, 2013 Fred Topel CraveOnline: What’s next for you? Will it be Expendables 3? Randy Couture: We just finished shooting Expendables 3 so I’m free and clear of that. Obviously there’ll be some voiceover work and things to pick up as they get into the editing process. I’m excited to start to see some of the finished product and see what Patrick Hughes has put together. Were there any new physical challenges on Expendables 3? Being in a foreign country and grinding out 12-14 hour days for six days a week is always a challenge, both mentally and physically. I enjoyed the process, got to do some things I hadn’t done before that were a lot of fun. Spent a lot of time in a lot of scenes with Dolph Lundgren again and also with Wesley Snipes who was fun to be around and had a really, really good time working together. in. It always came out great, we laughed a lot and had a great time. To work with some of these stunt coordinators and the respect that they show me and allow me to have a say in what I’m comfortable doing and what I think should be done has been fun. J.J., with Expendables 3, was remarkable. He is a great coordinator and I think you’re going to like a lot of the stuff that he does in Expendables 3.? There’s already talk of a 4. I don’t see how 3 isn’t going to be successful and nobody does this better than Sly. He’s got a great group behind him with Avi Lerner and Lionsgate and Millennium so I don’t see how there’s not going to be a 4. Fred Topel is a staff writer at CraveOnline and the man behind Best Episode Ever and Shelf Space Weekly. Follow him on Twitter at @FredTopel.There’s growing chatter not just about the benefits of enterprise cloud implementations but also the need for true cloud orchestration to seamlessly standardize, integrate and manage the myriad of capabilities that optimize a data center.
At IBM, we’ve seen customers achieve great results with these solutions. For example, using IBM SmartCloud Provisioning, service provider DataBalance achieved over 99.99 percent uptime and decreased labor costs by 60 percent — saving employees an estimated 35-40 hours every month. And Dutch Cloud reduced its administrative workload by 70 percent due to automation best practices.
After implementing cloud orchestration, Citi slashed server provisioning times from 45 days to less than 20 minutes, and increased support capacity of systems administrators from 50 servers to more than 600 servers in the cloud, resulting in faster delivery of new features to customers.
These are just a few success stories of businesses that have reaped the benefits of advanced cloud. Continuing the drive toward transparent development and collaboration, IBM has now made available the latest open betas for cloud provisioning and orchestration, allowing the community to get early access to code and provide feedback to impact the final solution development.
Join the Cloud Provisioning and Orchestration development community to test out the latest cloud solutions and provide feedback to impact development. Learn more about how cloud orchestration can help your business..
CHILD.
 MCGRATH is a realist. The venerable owner of landmark local indie record store LOONEY TUNES could see that, despite the 33 years he had been a part of the Boston music fabric, his days on Boylston Street in the heart of the Berklee College of Music were numbered.
He also knew that he didn’t have a lot of time to plot his next move when Berklee informed him it was time to go...
THE.
GA.?).At the core of every successful plan is a flexible and accessible retirement plan administrator. American Pension Advisors (APA) has an entire staff dedicated to high quality and efficient administration.
The core of a successful plan is educating participants in their investment options and providing the tools for them to reach their retirement goals. Communication is an important element in aiding a plan’s compliance with ERISA 404(c), potentially reducing fiduciary liability.
Educational materials and information updates include:
APA’s integrated systems provide ultimate flexibility in participant recordkeeping. In addition, APA invests heavily in new and emerging technologies to effectively handle this rapidly growing and changing business. APA has access to several advanced record-keeping systems. This access permits the rapid exchange of accurate information and allows us to view plan and participant information on demand. This unique relationship provides you personalized and customized service.? > Although I beleive the book says 60-70K, I beleive the dealer recommends about 80-90K. I got 166K out of mine before it went bye bye. While your in there, its prudent to do the water pump.Teck Cominco's liability for polluting the Columbia River
This letter was sent to Mike Leavitt, Administrator U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and Thomas Sansonetti, Assistant U.S. Attorney General.
In November 2004, the company Teck Cominco said it would appeal a Washington state judge's decision to press charges for polluting the Columbia River for decades.
May 21, 2004
Dear Administrator Leavitt and Assistant Attorney General Sansonetti,
I urge you to stand firm and support the Environmental Protection Agency Region 10 efforts to clean up the Columbia River to standards required under U.S. environmental laws.
Region 10's decision to hold the mining company Teck Cominco liable for the billions of gallons of toxic waste it dumped into the Columbia River is legally supportable and fiscally responsible. The river supports agriculture, fisheries and recreational industries in Washington and draws more than a million visitors a year.
Data provided by the Canadian government shows that from 1994 through 1997, Teck Cominco dumped into the Columbia more arsenic, cadmium and lead than the combined total discharges of these metals into American rivers from all other sources. The high concentrations of these heavy metals in the river sediments pose a health risk to humans and the environment.
Our state Governor Gary Locke and Senators Patty Murray and Maria Cantwell all have spoken out in favor of Region 10's efforts. I also urge you to reject any proposal that would allow Teck Cominco to evade its clear obligations under U.S. superfund laws.
Please enforce the law and hold this polluter — not American taxpayers — liable for the contamination it has caused.
Sincerely,
Tracy Wolpert
CEO, PCC Natural Markets
Connect with PCCGov. Buddy Roemer (R) @BuddyRoemer
Politwoops no longer follows this account.People eating fish sandwiches, pork rinds, and/or Clamato juice on airplanes. Small spaces don't ventilate well. #AnnoyingThings
An archive of the public statements deleted by U.S. politicians. Explore the tweets they would prefer you couldn't see.
To meet the Twitter API Terms of Service, all deleted tweets shown here since June 22, 2012 have been reviewed and approved by the Sunlight Foundation.Updated: 07/16/2014 2:26 PM
Created: 07/16/2014 1:05 PM WDIO.com
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - Federal authorities say Minnesota Power has agreed to install technology to reduce air pollution from three coal-fired plants.
The company will install the technology to help settle allegations it violated the federal Clean Air Act by failing to get permits and installing less-than-best pollution control technology at its plants.
The deal announced Wednesday by the Environmental Protection Agency and Department of Justice also calls for Minnesota Power to pay $1.4 million for Clean Air Act violations and spend at least $4.2 million on environmental projects benefiting local communities.
The air pollution control technology will be installed at plants in Cohasset, Hoyt Lakes and Schroeder. The agencies say it is estimated to cost more than $500 million.
Minnesota Power says the settlement contains no admission of wrongdoing by the company.
(Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)Bishop, P. and Stephenson, R.H., (Eds.) (2000) Goethe 2000: Intercultural Readings of his Work: Papers Presented at the University of Glasgow's Centre for Intercultural Germanistics, 19-21 April 1999. Northern Universities Press: Leeds, UK. ISBN 9781902653259
Full text not currently available from Enlighten.
University Staff: Request a correction | Enlighten Editors: Update this recordToday is release day for Brook Street: Fortune Hunter! It's the second book in the Brook Street trilogy and features Oscar Woodhaven and Julian Parker, cousin to Benjamin Parker from the first book. I wrote the book late last summer/early fall, and it ended up being my longest Ava book to date, coming in around 44,000 words.
Back when I used to gobble up m/f historicals like they were poptarts, I'd read many a book with a main character who needed/wanted to marry for money. The idea of doing a m/m take on the theme had been swirling in my head for a good few years, and finally last year I got the chance to write the book. Julian's the fortune hunter and Oscar's the one with a fortune. A huge fortune. 800,000 pounds in the book, which equates to approximately $82million in today's US dollars. Yeah, a hell of a lot of money, but as I was writing the book, I figured, go big or go home, you know? Speaking of homes, here's the town house that I used as inspiration for Oscar's town house on Brook Street - yep, I went with the 'go big' theme. Of course, men couldn't marry back in the Regency let alone marry for money (they unfortunately still can't marry in a lot of places in the world today), so it's not smooth sailing for Julian and Oscar. But the book's a romance, so rest assured it all works out in the end.
I'll leave you with the blurb for the book:.
Buy links:
Happy release day to you! :)
Thanks, Chris!!
I just finished the first two in the series and loved them. I cannot wait for #3! :)
Thanks, Lasha! Fabulous to hear you enjoyed Thief and FH :)EXCLUSIVE: Corey Feldman Talks Life, Angels, and ‘6 Degrees of Hell’
The actor stars in this new thriller on Blu-ray and DVD Tuesday, November 27th.
STORYLINE
Cast & crew
Kyle Brenner
Jill Hudson
Deputy Hendricks
Uncle Jack
Stacey Sanborn
Kelly
News
The actor stars in this new thriller on Blu-ray and DVD Tuesday, November 27th.
By B. Alan Orange | 2 years ago
This thriller will run for a limited one-week New York engagement starting Halloween night before coming to Blu-ray and DVD on November 27th.
By B. Alan Orange | 3 years ago
We also have two posters from this Corey Feldman thriller about supernatural forces threatening to tear apart a Pennsylvania town.
By Brian Gallagher | 3 years ago
3 new featurettes have also been released from Joe Raffa's upcoming thriller starring Corey Feldman.
By B. Alan Orange | 4 years ago
The official website has launched for this horror movie about a supernatural force that creates havoc in a Pennsylvania town.
By Brian Gallagher | 4 years agoCastle Season 6 Episode 5: "Time Will Tell" Quotes
Displaying all 10 quotes
Castle Season 6 Episode 5 Quotes
Ryan: And you're letting her?
Castle: Well apparently the only way to stop her is by locking her up but according to Miss By-the-Book here that's unlawful imprisonment.
- Permalink: And you're letting her? Well apparently the only way to stop ...
- Added:
Lanie: A lot of weirdos out there with too much imagination is what happened and yes, I'm looking at you Castle.
Castle: Yes but I only commit my murders on paper. I don't actually do them. A lot more lucrative, a lot less prison.
- Permalink: A lot of weirdos out there with too much imagination is what hap...
- Added:“The Voice” enlists some big guns for Sept 23 premiere
Cher, Ed Sheeran, OneRepublic’s Ryan Tedder and Miguel have been enlisted as advisers for the upcoming cycle of NBC’s hit singing competition “The Voice,” NBC Entertainment’s president, late-night entertainment and alternative programming Paul Telegdy said Monday.
See video: ‘The Voice’ Season 5 Teaser: Chic-Tina & the Bromance Continues
Cher will work with coach Blake Shelton, while “The A-Team,” musician Sheeran will team with Chistina Aguilera. Meanwhile, Tedder will pair with Adam Levine” and Adorn” singer Miguel will advise Cee Lo Green‘s team.
“This group of wildly successful musicians will add their distinctive talents to their respective teams,” Telegdy said. “I know Christina, Adam, Cee Lo and Blake are very much looking forward to having them come aboard.”
“The Voice” returns to the air Sept. 23.LSU vs. Texas A&M basketball
Wednesday, January 23, 2013 10:39 PM
LSU Tigers guard Andre Stringer (10) battles for the ball against Texas A&M Aggies guards J'Mychal Reese (11) and Fabyon Harris (12) at the Pete Maravich Assembly Center in Baton Rouge Wednesday, January 23, 2013(Photo by Brett Duke, Nola.com | The Times-Picayune)
Related articles
-Canadian actress, Nina Dobrev, has landed the lead role in CW’s Vampire Diairies. Read Nina Dobrev’s biography below and find out more on her new role. Video and photos to follow.
Canadian actress, Nina Dobrev, has been cast in the CW’s upcoming
I would say a smart way for the CW to grab some of the waiting Twilight fans looking to get their vampire fix. What do you think Twilight fans? Will the CW’s Vampire Dairies be something to see? For more on Nina Dobrev read her biography below.
As a biography Nina Dobrev was born on January 9, 1989. Nina has called Canada home since the age of two and is fluent in not only English but Bulgarian and French too. Showing potential at an early age and destined to be part of the entertainment industry Nina Dobrev started out in modeling.
Later the Bulgarian-Canadian actress began appearing in commercials before making her way onto the small screen and in film. Most notably Debrov is famous for her role in Degrassi as well as her roles in Fugitive Pieces and Away From Her.
Debrov’s other credits include The American Mall, The Poet, The Playing Huse, Too Young To Marry and Never Cry Werewolf. Check out video of the Vampire Diaries actress after the jump.
More photos and a video of Nina Dobrev are below.
Photos: prphotosSometimes the caryopteris does indeed look blue, other times it is more of purply blue. I think it is only borderline hardy here, so I hope it pulls through. The heuchera is a new introduction from Skagit Gardens.
Bluebeard and coral bellsSeptember 15, 2008 – Posted in: Miscellaneous
Every spring offers another chance to undo the damage done by winter and finally get the garden right.
? ? ????????, ????, ??? ?????? ? ??? ?????, ?? ?????????? ??? ???? ??????.About CyberRegs
Although CyberRegs may have started out years ago as just a means to view federal regulations online, the interface now includes an entire array of productivity-enhancing and management of change tools that exponentially increases the value of any content. Subscribers know that by making CyberRegs their regulatory document solution, their organizations will reap the benefits of efficient change management, pervasive collaboration & communication, and increased research productivity.
IHS has dedicated CyberRegs professionals who provide customer assistance, research, update, & verify regulatory content on a daily basis, and continuously seek to create a better CyberRegs user experience.In the same September 28 broadcast in which CNN reported the indictment of House Majority Leader Tom DeLay (R-TX), the cable news channel also noted that under House rules, DeLay would relinquish his House leadership position. "It is expected, by the way, that Speaker Dennis Hastert (R-IL) will recommend that Congressman David Dreier of California step into those duties temporarily, into the majority leader position," CNN host Daryn Kagan reported during a news break. According to The Washington Post, what DeLay and Hastert wanted "was a timeserver, someone to hold the job but with no ambitions to stay in it," and an aide to Hastert approached Dreier earlier that week about of serving temporarily as majority leader. But the expected Dreier ascension was not to be. Conservative Republicans reportedly "erupted in anger" over rumors that Dreier had been selected, apparently forcing Hastert to change course. Majority Whip Roy Blunt (R-MO) reportedly made a personal plea for the job to Hastert, and the caucus ultimately approved him for majority leader. Dreier and Chief Deputy Majority Whip Eric Cantor (R-VA) also will share some of the responsibilities.
To be sure, there are differing accounts of these events. A September 29 New York Times article reported that a Hastert aide "had already chosen Mr. Blunt before the conservatives voiced their objections." Dreier himself claimed on the September 29 broadcast of PBS' The Charlie Rose Show that he never wanted the interim position:
ROSE: Did you want the job?
DREIER: No, no, I didn't. In fact, I said from the very beginning I didn't. I would have had to give up the chairmanship of the Rules Committee under the rules that we have. Roy Blunt does not have to give that up. And this is not something that I pursued. I mean, yes, I was talked to about this, and, frankly, I said no, that I didn't want to do it --
For his part, Blunt is a questionable choice to assume a position vacated for alleged ethical violations. Indeed, he has faced ethics questions of his own: Blunt previously attempted to add a provision that would benefit Phillip Morris Companies Inc. to the bill establishing the Department of Homeland Security. Phillip Morris had contributed to Blunt's campaigns, and Blunt has personal ties to the tobacco giant through his son, an employee of Phillip Morris, and through his "personal relationship" with Abigail Perlman, a lobbyist for Altria Inc., the parent company of Phillip Morris. According to a September 29 Associated Press report, Blunt and Perlman later married. More recently, Blunt's political action committee paid nearly $88,000 in fees to a consultant indicted along with DeLay.
CNN host Candy Crowley said that turmoil over DeLay's replacement indicated "fractures" in the Republican caucus. Yet even those media who reported in some detail that Dreier was Hastert's choice and that Blunt eventually prevailed have been notably reticent in exploring the Republicans' motivations in selecting Blunt over Dreier -- if, in fact, that's what occurred. For example, The Washington Post reported only that conservatives in the caucus regard Dreier as "too moderate." The Los Angeles Times noted that Dreier was considered "'squishy' on social issues, such as immigration and abortion," and the AP added that Dreier was passed over because he "had voted in favor of expanded federal funding for stem cell research and against a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage."
Among mainstream media, only two publications that Media Matters for America could identify -- Salon.com and The American Prospect's weblog, TAPPED -- challenged the Republicans' stated reasons for Dreier's purported rejection. TAPPED's Matthew Yglesias pointed out that, contrary to Republican claims that Dreier was too moderate: "Dreier has a lifetime 92 rating from the American Conservative Union. Compare that to 96 for Tom DeLay and 94 for Roy Blunt and it's hard to see what the big deal is." Both referred to rumors -- in Yglesias's case, obliquely -- that Dreier is gay and suggested that those rumors may have had something to do with Dreier's rejection. Noting those rumors, Tim Grieve of Salon wrote:?
The reported passing over of Hastert's first choice in favor of openly ambitious, ethically challenged Blunt would seemingly strike some political reporters as significant. The events of the day, called "wild" by The Washington Post, and, according to CNN, indicative of "fractures" in the famously lockstep Republican caucus, would seem to invite more inquiry than they have received. And, yet, the media reporting on these events have been satisfied with caucus members' bland explanations for defying the speaker of the House and installing someone who clearly brings his own "baggage" to the job. Dreier -- chairman of the powerful House Rules Committee -- is "too moderate"? "Squishy" on abortion and stem cells? And the media simply accept these banalities?
From a September 30 article in the Chicago Tribune:
For example, Hastert had hoped to temporarily replace DeLay as majority leader with Rep. David Dreier (R-Calif.), chairman of the Rules Committee and an affable leader who would step aside should DeLay be cleared and seek to return to his post. Conservatives, who do not consider Dreier one of them, cried foul, and Hastert relented, elevating Rep. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.), the majority whip.
From the September 29 edition of The New York Times:
House Republicans gathered within hours of the indictment's becoming public, and chose Representative Roy Blunt of Missouri, the No. 3 House Republican, to assume Mr. DeLay's duties temporarily. They assigned Representative David Dreier of California to take on more responsibilities. Party rules required Mr. DeLay to step down if indicted.
Earlier in the day, there had been indications that Mr. Dreier might be named to Mr. DeLay's place temporarily, which did not sit well with some House conservatives. But a Congressional aide said Wednesday night that Speaker J. Dennis Hastert had already chosen Mr. Blunt before the conservatives voiced their objections.
From the September 29 edition of The Boston Globe:.
From the September 29 edition of the Chicago Tribune:
House Republicans quickly gathered behind closed doors to elect new leaders. Speaker Hastert's first choice, to temporarily install Rep. David Dreier (R-Calif.) in the majority leader's office, fell apart shortly beforehand, GOP sources said.
Sources said Majority Whip Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) went to the speaker and said he wanted the job. And fiscal conservatives also expressed displeasure, concerned that Dreier, chairman of the Rules Committee, was not in sync with their goals.
From the Associated Press, September 29:
At the same time, conservative lawmakers quickly made known their unhappiness when reports circulated that Hastert was on the verge of recommending that Rep. David Dreier of California assume most of the duties of majority leader.
[...]
"There was a lot of discussion in that room about, Will ... he advance the conservative agenda?" said Rep. Jack Kingston, R-Ga., who attended the meeting and said he personally would have been comfortable with Dreier in the post.
Other officials said a show of hands near the end of the session showed support for a postponement in selecting a temporary majority leader if it were to be Dreier. A delegation was dispatched to inform Hastert, who in the meantime had decided to recommend Blunt instead.
[...]
Several Republican sources said a top aide to Hastert contacted Dreier on Monday to discuss assuming new leadership duties in the event DeLay was indicted. Some GOP lawmakers, also speaking on condition of anonymity, said they had been told [sic] speaker would turn to the Californian to assume many of DeLay's duties.
One GOP leadership aide said Dreier never received the offer of a job from Hastert. Dreier did not directly respond to a question on the subject. "We were in discussions as to what the best way to work this thing out was, and frankly I've never aspired to an elected position" in the leadership, he said.
From the August 29 edition of the Los Angeles Times:
House aides said that Dreier was initially considered for the lead role, but that some lawmakers complained about bypassing Blunt, who as the No. 3 official in the GOP hierarchy was next in line to succeed DeLay. Hard-line conservatives opposed the 13-term Dreier as "squishy" on social issues, such as immigration and abortion.Place : Rafah, Palestinian Territories
Raf.This article was written by Erica Barnett in January 2008. We're republishing it here as part of our month-long editorial retrospective.
Every year, more than a quarter of the food in the United States' food system goes to waste. (In the UK, it's a third). That's 96 billion pounds of food lost in fields, commercial kitchens, manufacturing plants, stores, schools, and restaurants--a far cry from the "zero-waste" strategies many cities, including my own, are adopting). The nation spends $1 billion a year disposing of excess food, wasting both food and money. Some proposals to deal with all this excess food revolve around "food recovery"--using food according to a "food waste reduction hierarchy" in which food is provided in order of preference, starting with human consumption. Food that isn't eaten by humans is then fed to animals; food that can't be fed to animals is recycled for industrial purposes; and finally, anything left over is turned into compost. Five percent of what we throw away, according to the US Environmental Protection Agency, could feed four million Americans every day.
The concept of reducing food waste is also behind freeganism, whose practitioners hunt and forage behind restaurants and groceries for usable food that's getting thrown away because, in many cases, it simply fails to meet arbitrary aesthetic or other standards set by supermarkets. A lot of it is inedible, but a lot of it isn't--it just can't be sold, or it's perishable and can't be donated, or it's just not moving off the shelves.
One small-scale anti-food-waste project is being run by Seattle blogger Crunchy Chicken, whose last online group project was the Eat Local for Thanksgiving Challenge. This time, she's challenging readers to reduce their food waste and lose weight at the same time, with a project she's dubbedProject NoWaste (No Overeating While Attempting to Save The Environment). So far, she's invited readers to submit comments about their weight-loss goals and measurements, and to keep strict track (by weight) of how much edible food they throw out in a week, whether it goes in the garbage, a compost pile, or food-waste pickup bin. In the future, she plans to provide rough calculations how much CO2 each participant's extra weight and food waste translates into. Participants put as much information as they're comfortable with online, in an effort to create a sense of accountability and a place for mutual validation. In essence, it's an online support group that focuses on both personal and environmental health--and raises awareness of how much individuals can do to reduce the size of the massive pile of food that goes to waste in this country every year.
Creative Strategies for Reducing Food Waste is part of our month long retrospective leading up to our anniversary on October 1. For the next four weeks, we'll celebrate five years of solutions-based, forward-thinking and innovative journalism by publishing the best of the Worldchanging archives. about how to handle the weight loss... and we can share each other. thank you... ;-)
I think food recycling is great. In my community there is a company called Skagit Gleaners. They take all the unsellable food from markets, put it in a warehouse and let people shop. Its a great program because everyone who takes also must give back. There is a small annual fee that you make back on your first trip to the warehouse and you donate hours per quarter. Its wonderful. The berry gleans are the best!
Another excellent idea: recently created in Vienna, Austria, the Wiener Tafel ("Vienna Table";; unfortunatey site only in German), collects and distributes to social institutions food and hygiene articles short before their expiration date. They depend on donations and their work force is basically volunteers. Costs are also covered by initiatives like art auctions etc.Marcella: Meaning, Popularity, Origin of Baby Name Marcella.
Related Names:
Chela, Ella, Marcela, Marcelle, Marcie, Markie
Looking for the perfect name? Try the Name MatchMaker to find the perfect baby name for you!
NameVoyager
Sister & Brother Names
Know a Marcella? What are her siblings named?
Name Lists Featuring Marcella
Contribute your knowledge to the name Marcella
This is a pretty, graceful way to name a girl to honor a family member named Mark -- much prettier than Markie.
- Personal experiences with the name Marcella: | Edit
My 87-year-old Italian grandmother's middle name (her first name is Livia). I think it's charming! This is my Great Grandmothers name! Very classic and beautiful!
- Nicknames for Marcella: | Edit
Marcie,Marcelle, Markie, Ella, Chela, Cella
- Meanings and history of the name Marcella: | Edit: | Edit: | Edit
.Welcome to Cool Water Car Wash.
We are the original home of the popular Value Card where you get more 'spendable dollars' than what you pay for.Some highlights throughout the final round and a little recap of our stellar picks.
Fijianness
- Vijay, in all his mighty Fijianness(yay for new words) had a great day shooting a final round 67. Vijay was able to birdie the 18th hole with a 10 foot putt to claim the victory over Steve Stricker. His final run for the lead was started on the back 9 with three straight birdies, which really set the stage for his victory. What’s even more amazing was that Vijay took a good deal of time off after his win at the FedEx Cup. He was not only able to play after 3 months off but he was also able to win in a field that was made up of some of the best golfers out there.
- Finishing third overall was Anthony Kim. He was the 54-hole leader coming into this round and still shot remarkably well, except for those two consecutive double bogeys on the 14th and 15th. The par-3 where A.K. hit his 7 iron short into the water was pretty disappointing especially after the 14th where he drove right into some bushes. Even though by now I totally realized I had no shot at K.J. Choi coming back. I was definitely pulling for A.K., but it seemed he didn’t have the gas to create a strong finish.The fourth Industry Federation of Phonographic Industries (IFPI) Platinum awards heard the bosses' plea for reduced VAT on music, in response to increasing piracy on the internet.
IFPI chairman Jay Berman warned that illegal downloading of music is now so routine it is seriously hitting CD sales.
Jarre said at the Brussels ceremony: "If music is to continue to support the livelihoods of artists, it cannot be taken without the permission of artists."
The prizes were presented by EC vice-president Neil
Kinnock, including one for Luciano Pavarotti, who received a standing ovation for selling 100 million albums and taking opera to the masses.
Sir Bob Geldof and boy band Blue also attended.
"Music-for-free may sound attractive, but when it is taken without the permission of artists, it comes at a high price for the entire music business and society in general," he said.
"Music-for-free means less new music, fewer new artists, less choice, thousands fewer jobs and a poorer European culture."
Mr Kinnock warned consumers tempted to buy cheap pirate CDs that the effect extended beyond the music industry.
"Increased piracy leads to a dead end in music."
IFPI officials have held talks with EC, seeking new measures to curb free downloading under EU copyright laws.
It follows a 5% drop in sales figures for IFPI last year for recorded music worldwide.
The biggest downturns in Europe were in Denmark, down 19%, and in Belgium and Austria, down 10%.
Sales are holding up in Britain and France, but John Kennedy, president of Universal Music International, said: "If the prevailing music-for-free mentality is left unchecked, record companies will no longer be able to invest up to 15% of their revenues in discovering the artists of the future."ANIMALS
APARTMENTS FOR RENT-UNFURNISHED
TOLUCA LAKE – Toluca Pointe Apts 1Bd/1Ba $1100 + Dep; 2Bd/2Ba $1300 + Dep. Newly Pntd, Crpt, Stv, D/W, Central A/C, Heat 818-506-7940
TOLUCA LAKE – . 25. 
LAND FOR SALE. Call 1-866-696-5263 x 5548. ,)I would like to ask Len to change the tray to silicide on Friday. Please let me know if there is any conflict. Thanks. Yaocheng Alan Hsiung wrote: > Hi Len, > Can you please change the tray back to oxide tomorrow since there > is no conflict to others this week? > I will have to use it for Wednesday and Thursday. > Thank you very much for your help. > > Alan > -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <>TEA PARTY FOOD IDEAS
(Recipe Collection)
15 Recipes Created by CREATIVEGMAX3
Recipes in this Collection
A perfect holiday cheese ball made with blue cheese, onion and spices. Adjust the amount of heat to suit your guests. Submitted by WAZAROO
Spinach and mozzarella cheese are baked together to make irresistable savory appetizer treats!Submitted by ERUPERTO
Take some help from the store: Feta and pesto dress up grilled zucchini. Submitted by CHEF_MEG
I combined all my favorite Greek ingredients, layered them in a dish and created a dip that's a hit at parties or family game night. Submitted by CHEF_MEG
These are a wonderful snack or appetizer. I like them dipped in a little mustard. Yum.Submitted by BUDGETMOM
A quick and easy appetizerSubmitted by ROXIESMOTHER
Great for a party or a light snack. Makes a lot so they go fast.Submitted by RISEANDSHINE1
Submitted by EDWARDS928
This is our family tradition at events for years. A delicious blend of savory and sweet. Eat them all together or take them apart. I'm a fan of all the flavors together.Submitted by NICU-RN
gotta love a good appy with a bit of pizzazz!Submitted by MJHOTSTUFF90
made for my pampered chef party, big hit, everybody raved about them!Submitted by SOCWHEAT
Great AppetizerSubmitted by SEATTLERAINONME- Large Image
-
Description
Includes (1) plastic banner (20" high x 65" wide) and (121) adhesive numbers/letters/symbols. Letters are 3" high. Use for school functions, fundraisers and more. Attach with your adhesive or fasteners or use Sticky Tack (sold separately). 
- Product Number
- #79281
- Material
- plastic
- Air Shippable
- Yes
- Oversized
- No
- Express/Premium Surcharge
- $0.00
- Return Eligible
- Yes
- Available International
- Yes
Giant Customizable Banner - White and Silver
- Was:
- $0.00
- Price:
You Save %0 OFF
- Prod ID:
- 79281
-
- 0 Reviews
Discontinued Item
- We apologize for the inconvenience, but the product you're looking for has gone out of stock and is no longer available.
You May Like
Recommended Accessories
Quick ViewInvalid quantity.
79281 0 10
Customer Reviews
Giant Customizable Banner - White and Silver
This product has no reviews.
- Write A ReviewBrowse through our beautifully designed wedding ceremony accessories and decor. Your wedding day should be everything you have ever dreamed of, and we're happily here to help make it a reality. From flower girl baskets to ring bearer pillows to unity candles and unity sand sets, we have all of the ceremony accessories to make your wedding day perfect. Our ceremony essentials will become instant keepsakes to treasure long after your "I do's."PT Aisin Indonesia is a world wide automotive parts producer which consist of body parts such as door frame, door lock, door check, door hinge, hood lock, door handle, window regulator; drive train parts such as clutch cover and clutch disk; and engine parts such as resin intake manifoldm oil pump, water pump.
Company InformationNow that outfielder Hunter Pence has returned to the
Maxwell had opened some eyes with good defense, but struggled offensively in May, making it easier to move him to the bench in favor of Pence. Blanco is hitting .266 in 32 games and will continue to be valuable bench piece moving forward.
"It'll be up to me to keep these guys sharp," Bochy said. "They know Hunter's going to be out there every day, and Angel (Pagan). I'm going to have to get creative in left field."
There was talk in late April of Maxwell sticking as a regular in the lineup upon Hunter Pence's return, but his production has turned south over the last two weeks, with his current .714 OPS representing his lowest mark since joining the lineup on a regular basis. He'll look for more success when the Giants travel to Houston and Cincinnati this week.
Maxwell got the day off Sunday after starting five of the last seven games. He is hitting .241 with three home runs and nine RBI in 58 at-bats this season.
Maxwell has made nine straight starts in right field thanks to a hot start with the bat, but he's hitless in 11 at-bats in his last three games and just 2 for 21 in his last five games.
The Giants (-105) are a coin flip with the Angels (-105) Sunday, per VegasInsider.com.
The
"There’s no way you can take Maxwell out of the lineup right now," Bochy said. "You’ve got to find a place to put him, with the way he’s been swinging."
Maxwell, who homered Saturday, has hit .308/.400/.615 with three home runs and nine RBI in 39 at-bats. Bochy mentioned the possibility of Maxwell and Pence manning the corners while center fielder
"I could keep them all going, keep them all fresh," Bochy said.
If everyone's healthy, it appears that
Men's New Era Black San Francisco Giants 2015 Memorial Day Stars and Stripes On-Field Low Crown 59FIFTY Fitted Hat Shop Now!Department of Finance - About the Department of Finance
About the Department of Finance
The programs in the Department of Finance in ASU's W. P. Carey School of Business provide students with insight and hands-on exposure to finance and related disciplines at the intersection of theory and practice.
We care about the practice of finance and business. Our faculty, through our curriculum, provide powerful models to simplify a complex world. As public scholars and consultants they fulfill a responsibility by lending their expertise to government agencies, private foundations and corporations. Our faculty and graduates are actively involved in recasting and remaking our financial markets and institutions.
Our department's faculty group ranks in the top 20 for research among thousands in the world for articles published annually in the top four finance journals. The knowledge they generate continually inspires the curriculum they provide to shape superior student experiences, both at individual and team levels.
We forge industry and business partnerships that represent how theory and practice can strengthen one another. Our students benefit from the collaboration through enhanced programming geared specifically to current business requirements and through opportunities to apply knowledge to substantive business problems.
Mission
The Department of Finance endeavors to:
- Develop and deliver educational programs that enable our students to achieve academic, professional and personal success
- Create knowledge that makes a difference in the way we understand the world, formulate policy and advance our communityTonight sees a brand new series of The Great British Bake Off, but with a celebrity twist and all in aid of Sports Relief.
Excited?! Me too!
Tuesday nights simply haven't been the same since the last series finished in the Autumn. Each week since, I've stared forlornly at the blank television screen, a solitary sugary tear (90% of my body fluid is pure cane sugar) rolling down my cheek.
Okay. Perhaps, that is a tad melodramatic.
But with the exception of that incident of stalking Mary Berry (admittedly not my finest moment), the last few months have been a bleak GBBO-free zone.
I don't know about you, but I've a few questions I'm burning to know about this four part series:
1) Will Mary and Paul be just that little more forgiving when it all goes wrong? The contestants are after all celebrities not just mere mortals. The full list of those wielding their spatulas, wooden spoons and whisks can be found here
2) Who will be enjoying all the cake and providing the wonderful witticisms with Sue not in the presenting seat?
3) Who are 'celebrity contestants' Alex Langlands and Gus Casely-Hayford? Answers on a postcard and a slice of the cake for the person who can tell me.
4) Will that squirrel be making a triumphant reappearance? (Please BBC!!)
Fancy a sneak preview? Check out the clips here
Meanwhile this week's bake comes, very approrpriately I'm sure you'll agree, from Paul Hollywood. Yep, in my mission to buy as little manufactured bread as possible this year, and to bake as much of the bread we eat myself, I'm trying to pick up as many tips as I can from master bakers.
White cob loaf
Ingredients
350g strong white bread flour
1 tsp crushed salt flakes
3.5g sachet fast acting yeast
225ml lukewarm water
1. Pop the flour, salt and yeast in a bowl and mix together until combined. Form a 'well' in the centre
2. Gradually add the water into the well, and use your hands to mix together the flour and water. It will come together in a soft, slightly sticky dough
3. Turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled worksurface and knead (see below) for roughly ten minutes until dough is pliable, smooth and silky
4. Pop the dough into a clean bowl, cover with a teatowel and allow to rise until double in size
5. Punch down the risen dough to deflate it and turn it out onto a lightly floured worksurface. Knead gently for a further minute before shaping into a ball and setting onto a baking tray. Sprinkle with flour. Cover with a teatowel or clingfilm to prove- it should double in size once more
6. Pre-heat the oven to 220C/200C fan/425F/Gas Mark 7. When doubled in size, slash the top of the loaf with a sharp knife, sprinkle with a little more flour and bake for twenty-five to thirty minutes or until golden brown
- Knead the bread on a lightly oiled work surface- rather than a lightly floured surface. This is to help maintain the consistency of the loaf
- After placing the dough on the worksurface coat it in the oil and knead it by folding the dough over itself repeatedly, turning 45 degrees after each fold. Which, if I remember rightly from last week's bread baking is pretty much what the brilliant Dan Lepard suggests in his brilliant Short and Sweet
- If you caught Channel Four's Fabulous Baker Boys last week you'll have seen them use a shower cap to cover the rising dough...cue Boots top selling item for 2012
- It can take up to 2-3 hours for the dough to rise in a normal temperature kitchen
- To get a great crust, pop a roasting tin at the bottom of the oven prior to pre-heating. Just before popping in the loaf to bake, pour a cup of cold water into the hot roasting tin to create steam. And a great crust.
- The tips and recipe come from The Great British Bake Off: How to Bake and Paul's video on the BBC's Food pages
Will you be watching The Great Sport Relief Bake Off? Any early favourites you might have?
Ooh the cob loaf looks delicious and thanks for the GBBO reminder!! Hope you enjoy both.
Your loaf looks absolutely lovely - the perfect accompaniment to tonight's TV delights! I've already set the TV to record so I don't miss it - can't wait to see what they have in store for us :-)
It does look like they've mucked about with the format a lot. The "celebrities" are mostly F list nevermind D list. Serious barrel scraping - I'm quite shocked.
Yes, yes and yes!! Yes I am recording TGBBO tonight so I don't miss it. Yes I have a new obssesseion called The Fabulous Baker Brothers and yes - I too am making my own bread this year!! I have made 6 loaves so far. They don't actually look as good as yours but they may do by the end of the year.
Am just about to switch over! Great loaf!
Kate what a lovely loaf, and good luck with your home made bread, it's something I must try again. Jude x
A beautiful, professional looking loaf Kate! I was pleased to see the return of the GBBO squirrel, and once again envious of all the kitchenaids. How awesome was Sarah Hadland's apron?! As a Miranda fan, I thought it was genius.
I have just read the Mary Berry Stalking post and nearly fell off my chair laughing! Lovely loaf.
Great loaf! I really must bake my own bread this year. Will also have to watch on iplayer as I've missed it on TV!
He he, we were on the look out for the squirrel too. Only seen the first episode so far, of which I knew but two of the contestants and sadly nothing remarkable in the squirrel line to report. Looking forward to seeing the next episode - hopefully tonight. Your loaf looks really good.
I wish I could watch that in the States - anyway your loaf looks amazing - sooooo delicious
mary x
Nice looking loaf. I do like Paul's recipes. I am going to watch it all on replay tonight. Any minute now actually!
I bake bread twice a week and have done for a year and a half, it's quick and easy once you get into a routine. The basics are always the same: flour, salt, yeast, water (changing it out for milk can be fun). A great place to start with is the recipes on the back of flour packets themselves (as well as on yeast packets too). Have fun with flours, my favourite is spelt but using different quantities is also great. And then comes the fun.... You can make focaccia, buns, soda bread, quick bread, the list is nigh on endless. Plus, there is nothing better than baking a loaf before breakfast and filling your house with that sweet sweet homely smell. Happy baking =)tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-24141461.post6956456404980392154..comments2015-05-19T20:07:35.702-07:00Comments on Bryanna Clark Grogan’s Vegan Feast Kitchen/ 21st Century Table: MUFFINS, SWEET AND SAVORY, VEGAN AND LOW-FATBryanna Clark Grogan muffins look delicious. I think I'll try..!<br /><br />:)ilovecooking recipe ! I made it! It`s delicious!!!Great recipe ! I made it! It`s delicious!!!Nicole GambleFive.
Five Ten adds Mirko Caballero to Five Ten Elite Team
Mirko has been wearing Five Ten shoes since he donned a pair of Mini Moccs at the age of 6. He continued to rely on the brand, and at age 11 was invited to join Five Ten's Youth Team. Now 13, he's the youngest athlete to gain entry to Five Ten's prestigious elite athlete community.
I can’t remember when I started climbing, but I got serious about it when I was 6 years old," says Mirko. The New Hampshire born climber was raised in California; his parents are from Switzerland and Bolivia. Mirko counts himself lucky as they are eager to travel for climbing; the family has made trips Céüse, Rodellar, Magic Wood, Smith Rock, Red River Gorge, Yosemite, Bishop, Hueco Tanks, and Red Rock. His current goals are to travel to South Africa or Australia to test his skills. "I would like to become a professional climber," Mirko admits, but first he plans on finishing school, including college. Now he trains three times a week in the gym, and gets outdoors on weekends and vacations.
This year, Caballero won his fourth consecutive ABS Youth National Championship title, but he's proudest of his outdoor achievements. He recently sent his hardest-to-date sport climb in Switzerland, Stop Sika 5.14c (8c), and also ascended two V13's (8B) including Meadowlark Lemon Stand in Red Rock, NV. ”I love all sorts of climbing including indoor competition, bouldering, sport climbing, or trad multi-pitch climbing,”he reports, but his preference is outdoor climbing, with hard boulder problems and sport routes first on his dance card.
I’m passionate about climbing classics established by famous climbers," says Mirko. His proudest moment is when he climbed the super highball Evilution Direct V11 (8A) in the Bishop, Buttermilks. "I love climbing, every time I’m outdoors climbing on rocks, I feel happy!” he says. “I like to figure out hard sequences, overcome my fears, and just hang out and climb with my friends."When Mirko’s not climbing, you can usually find him at a skate park..
Explore further:
Research identifies best treatment for blood pressure in diabetic kidney disease
More information: The article, entitled "Randomized Clinical Trial of Long-Acting Somatostatin for Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney and Liver Disease," (doi 10.1681/ASN.2009121291) and accompanying editorial, "Randomized Intervention Studies in Human Polycystic Kidney and Liver Disease," (doi 10.1681/ASN.2010030262) will appear online on April 29, 2010.
Please sign in to add a comment. Registration is free, and takes less than a minute. Read moreClick here to reset your password.
Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made.Lovely Rowena
It softens the face and brightens the clothing colors.
Obligatory blurry bathroom shot:
Has anyone seen the Joss Whedon series "Firefly"?
I think that's how I will ring out my 27th year of life, with some Oregon chai by my side.
Happy weekend!The art of shimming an nmr magnet is often made unnecessarily difficult by the belief that the process is too complex for a straightforward approach. While the room-temperature shims (RTS) provided on all superconducting NMR systems today do contain many interactions, a logical approach to shimming is nevertheless the best way to optimize the magnetic field. If you know which shims are interacting, then you can devise a system which eliminates many uncertainties from the shimming operation. Also, there is no substitute for experience when it comes to shimming. As I tell all new users, learning to shim the magnet is like learning to ride a bicycle ... you can be told how to do it but there is simply no substitute for actually doing it!
More than likely you will never have to go through the complete shimming procedure given below, rather you will probably only have to adjust the Z 1 and Z2 shims. Less frequently the Z3 and Z 4 shims will need adjustment. Nonetheless it is instructive to see what the whole procedure is. Also, the figure at the end of this article shows the lineshapes corresponding to maladjusted shims ... very useful for knowing which shims are out of adjustment. Also useful, is the technique of adjusting the shims while looking at a real-time display of the lineshapes in your spectrum. How to do this is discussed below.
The shims on most NMR magnets are designed to approximate the spherical-harmonic functions given in Table 1. These functions are orthogonal (independent) over any sphere centered at the origin. Some possible causes for shim interactions are a) the sample is not spherical b) the sample is not centered at the origin c) the real shims are imperfectly described by their model functions and d) the probe does not excite and measure the NMR signal in all regions of the sample equally.
Table 1
Shim Function
Z0 1
Z1 Z
Z2 2Z 2-(X2+Y 2)
Z3 Z[2Z 2-3(X2+Y 2)]
Z4 8Z 2[Z2-3(X 2+Y2) + 3(X 2 +Y2)2
Z5 48Z 3[Z2-5(X 2+Y2)] + 90Z(X 2 +Y2)2
X X
Y Y
ZX ZX
ZY ZY
XY XY
X2-Y2 X 2 - Y 2
Z2X X[4Z 2 -(X2+Y2)]
Z2Y Y[4Z 2 -(X2+Y2)]
ZXY ZXY
Z(X2-Y2) Z(X 2 - Y 2)
X3 X(X 2 - 3Y2)
Y3 Y(3X 2 - Y2)
General shimming instructions
All of the instructions in this article are directed towards maximizing the lock signal. Another criterion for evaluating the homogeneity, such as the total area of the FID or a real-time fourier transform ( see the end of this article for more information on this technique ) of the spectrum could be used. Final shim adjustments should be made while the system is locked on the desired sample. Start with the lock level adjusted to 80% of its maximum value, in other words the lock signal is 80% of the way up the lock window. Be absolutely sure that the phase of the lock system is adjusted properly. If the lock signal becomes too large (or too small) then readjust the the lock level to 75-80% using the lock gain and start the current step of the procedure over again. In all of the shimming procedures, continue adjusting the shims in the same direction until you see a 20 unit decrease in the lock level, and then back up until you reach the maximum lock level. If you do not do this, then you will often fail to find the true maximum.
All of the following procedures are designed to minimize the complications introdued by the shim interactions. However, you will observe that, when the resolution becomes better, the shims can be adjusted directly without recourese to these procedures. In other words, when the shims have been adjusted close to their proper values, they will drive directly to those values.
It is important to decouple the spinning and nonspinning shims by alternating between spinning and nonspinning during the shimming process. During all shimming operations, adjust Z2 - Z5 only while the sample is spinning, Z1 should usually be adjusted while the sample is spinning, but it can also be adjusted whil the sample is not spinning as described in the procedures.
Spinning shims
Spin the sample at 20-30 Hz whenever you are adjusting the spinning shims.
Z1 and Z2
Adjust Z1 to obtain a maximum reading on the lock level display. Move Z2 in the negative direction to decrease the meter reading 20 units. Reoptimize Z1. If this maximum is greater than the previous maximum, then change the Z2 setting enough to lower the lock level 20 units and reoptimize Z1. Continue this process until the best combination of Z1 and Z2 is found. Continue past what you think is the maximum to be sure that you have really found it.
If the first new setting of Z2 in the procedure above leads to a decrease in the lock level after you reoptimize Z1, then move Z 2 in the positive direction until the lock level decreases 20 units and reoptimize Z1. Follow the procedure above, except continue to change Z2 in the positive direction until the best combination of Z 1 and Z2 is found.
Z3
Move Z3 in the negative direction to decrease the lock meter reading 30 units. Optimize Z1. If this new maximum is greater than the previous maximum, then move Z3 in the negative direction until the lock level decreases 30 units and reoptimize Z1. Continue this process until you find the best combination of Z1 and Z3 .
If moving Z3 in the negative direction produces a decrease in the lock level after you optimize Z1, then move Z3 in the positive direction until the lock level decreases 30 units. Repeat the procedure above, except move Z3 in the positive direction until you find the best combination of Z1 and Z3.
After you find the best combination of Z1 and Z3 , repeat the procedure for Z1 and Z2. If this yields a better maximum, then repeat the Z3 procedure. Repeat this entire cycle until you observe no further gain in the lock level.
Z4
Move Z4 in the negative direction to decrease the lock level 40 units. Optimize Z2, and then optimize Z1. If this yields a better lock level than existed at the start of the process, then continue in this direction until you find the best setting for Z4 . If this process yields a lower lock level, then move Z4 in the positive direction, and repeat the process above until you find the best Z 4 setting.
It is sometimes necessary to interactively adjust Z3 and Z 4. To do this, move Z4 in one direction, maximize the lock sevel with Z3, and the maximize the lock level with Z1 . continue this process until you find the best setting for Z4 . Make sure that when Z4 is moved, the change is large enough to decrease the lock level at least 40 units. Neglecting to make large enough changes in Z4 followed by remaximizing the locke level with the orther Z controls is the most frequent reason for failing to obtain the best Z 4 setting.
Z5
Move Z5 in one direction to decrease the lock level 40 units. Maximize the lock level with Z3, and then maximize the locke level with Z1. If this lock level is greater than the original maximum, then move Z5 some more in the same direction and repeat the process. If the lock level is less, then move Z5 in the opposite direction and repeat the process. Continue this procedure until you find the best Z5 setting. There is often a broad range of Z 5 settings in which the lock level remains about the same. Find the setting at each end of this range, where the remaximized lock level definitely decreases, and set Z5 in the middle of this range.
Non-spinning Shims
When you are adjusting the nonspinning shims, adjust the lock level to 80% of maximum with the lock gain and do not spin the sample.
X and ZX
Move ZX in one direction to decrease the lock level 20 units. Maximize the lock level with X and then with Z1. If thes new lock level is better than the original lock level, then continue the procedure by adjusting ZX in the same direction. If the new lock level is lower, then move ZX in the opposite direction. Continue the procedure until you find the best settings for X and ZX.
It is necessary to adjust Z1 when adjusting ZX becuase of the Z 1 impurity in the ZX shime. If you change Z1 significantly in this process, then spin the sample and reoptimize Z1 and Z2 before proceeding. This is necessary to decouple the ZX and Z1 shims as much as possible; otherwise the process becomes complicated.
Y and ZY
The procedure for adjustin Y and ZY is analgous to that for adjusting X and ZX.
XY and X2-Y2
Maximize the lock level with XY and then with X2-Y2 . Repeat the process until you find the best settings. Then repeat the procedure for X and ZX and the procedure for Y and ZY. Continue this entire cycle until no further improvements can be made.
Z2X
With the sample not spinning, move Z2X in one direction to lower the lock level 40 units. Maximize the lock level by adjusting ZX, Z 1 and X in that order. If this new lock level is better than the previous locke level, then continue adjusting Z2X in the same direction. If the new locke level is lower, then adjust Z2X in the other direction. If you make a significant change in Z1, then spin the sample and remaximize the lock level by adjusting Z1 and Z2. If you make a significant change in Z2X , then spin the sample and follow the procedure for adjusting Z3 again. A significant change in Z 2X usually leads to a change in Z3.
Z2Y
The procedure for adjustin Z2Y is analogous to that for adjusting Z2X. Substitute Z2Y, ZY and Y for Z2 X, ZX and X in that procedure.
ZXY
Move ZXY in one direction to lower the lock level 10 units. Carry out the procedure for adjusting XY and X2-Y2. If the new lock level is larger than the original lock level then continue in the same direction with ZXY. If it is smaller then adjust ZXY in the opposite direction.
Z(X2-Y2)
Move Z(X2-Y2) in one direction to lower the lock level 10 units and then follow the procedure for adjustin XY and X2 -Y2. If the new locke level is higher than the original lock level then continue in the same direction with Z(X2-Y2 ) until you find the best setting. If the lock level is lower then try the other direction.
X3
Move X3 in one direction to lower the lock level 10 units. Remaximize the lock level with X and Y. If the lock level is greater than the original lock level then continue adjusting X3 in the same direction. If it is less then try the other direction.
Y3
The procedure for adjustin Y3 is analgous to that for adjusting X 3.
Maladjustment Symptoms
You can often tell which shim is out of adjustment by examing the lineshape. A symmetrical lineshape distortion is always produced by an odd-order shim. This can be seen by examining the equations in the table. Likewise, an asymmetrical lineshape distortion is produced by an even-order shim. These types of distortions are shown in the following figure. the higher the order of the gradient which is causing the distortion the farther down the peak the distortion occurs.
The nonspinning shims which produce one cycle of field gradient per revolution of the sample produce the first order spinning sidebands. The nonspinning shims which produce two cycles of field gradient per revolution give rise to the second order spinning sidebands. The third order, nonspinning shims produce both spinning sidebands and low order humps. Z2X and Z 2Y sometimes produce a situation in which adjusting Z3 changes the spectrum from one with no spinning sidebands and a low order hump to one with no low order hump and large spinning sidebands. The other third order, nonspinning shims usually produce only low order humps.
Real-Time Lineshape Monitoring
Lineshapes can be monitored in real time during shimming on the AMX 300 spectrometer. The spectrometer issues a pulse, receives the signal and transforms it into a frequency domain spectrum and phase corrects it continuously in 'gs mode'. In order to phase correct there must already be phase correction constants for the current sample in memory. This means that in order to do this, one must first acquire a spectrum as usual, transform it and manually phase correct it. Then, after switching to the acquisition screen, the spectrometer is put into setup mode by typing 'gs'. The acquired fid will be continuously displayed by default but this can be changed to the transformed spectrum by clicking the middle mouse button while the mouse cursor is over the button containing 'F' and 'S' (standing for fid and spectrum respectively). This will change the display to the continuously updated transformed/phase corrected spectrum. A bug in the program initially displays the real and imaginary data but clicking on any button (the vertical zoom for example) will change this to real only display. You can now shim while looking at the effect of the changes on the spectral lineshapes ... very useful.Allison Shatz
Mentor: Dr. Sharon Burgmayer
Heterocyclic Ruthenium complexes have been shown to be DNA intercalators. These planar compounds contain carbon-nitrogen aromatic rings that insert between AT and GC base pairs of DNA. The Ruthenium compounds used are tri-chelated Ru (II) compounds. The basic structure includes two 2,2-bipyridine and a varying third ligand, phen-alloxazine, phen-aminopteridine, phen-dimethylalloxazine, phen-diaminopteridine, and phen-pterin. Upon exposure to UV light, many of the Ruthenium compounds have been shown to cleave DNA. Results of varying concentration and UV exposure time is explored through gel electrophoresis to determine optimal conditions, observe quenching and to elucidate ligand effects. Cleavage mechanism is largely unclear, though reactive oxygen species (ROS) are suspected. Investigating the effects of different ROS inhibitors, such as dimethylsulfoxide, superoxide dismutase, and sodium azide, will hopefully provide insight into the mechanism. DNA intercalation is confirmed using viscosity experiments. A parallel investigation is also being conducted with Copper and Cobalt complexes. Initial investigation into toxicity is also being conducted on cancer cell lines. Because of their ability to be selectively activated upon ultraviolet exposure, these complexes have potential future applications in cancer therapy.Tiax Lliax Llc
Names of Lobbyists
Most Frequently Disclosed Lobbying Issues
- Defense
RegulationsMentioned iniax Llc" in public comments on proposed federal regulations.
Documents Submitted by the Organization
- Submissions
- Agency
- Docket
- Date
Mentions in Document Text
- Mentions
- Agency
- Docket
- Date
- Toggle 27 EPA Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles 2010
- Toggle 17 NHTSA Notice of Intent to Prepare an Environmental Impact Statement for New Medium and Heavy Duty Fuel Efficiency Improvement Program 2010
- Toggle 15 EPA EPA/NHTSA Joint Rulemaking to Establish Light-duty Vehicle GHG Emissions Standards and CAFE Standards for Model Year 2017 and Later 2010
- Toggle 8 NHTSA Corporate Average Fuel Economy -- Model Years 2017-2025 2010
- Toggle 6 EPA Control of Air Pollution From New Motor Vehicles: Tier 3 Motor Vehicle Emission and Fuel Standards 2011
- Toggle 6 EPA Control of Emissions from New Locomotive Engines and New Marine Compression-ignition Engines less than 30-liters per Cylinder 2003
- Toggle 6 NHTSA Environmental Impact Statement for Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE)Standards, Model Years 2017-2025 2011
- Toggle 6 EERE Energy Efficiency Program for Consumer Products: Public Meeting and Availability of Framework Document for Battery Chargers and External Power Supplies 2008
- Toggle 4 EPA California State Motor Vehicle Pollution Control Standards - Request for Waiver of Preemption Under Clean Air Act Section 209(b) for Greenhouse Gas Emissions 2006
- Toggle 4 EPA 2014 Standards for the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) Program 2013 Tiax Llc View all contract data for Tiax Ll "Tiax Llc" that sat on federal advisory committees.
- Agency
- Representation175,000 jobs added in May...
The economy added a solid 175,000 jobs last month, according to new government data released this morning, but the gains were not enough to make a dent in the nation’s unemployment rate.The good jobs report may not make things better for the White House in this time of trouble, but a bad jobs report would certainly have made the situation considerably worse. But we can look at the list of the recent controversies as indeed an indication that the economy is doing better. The IRS picking on the Tea Party, the reanimation of the phantom of Benghazi, the revelation that the massive surveillance apparatus Bush erected during his terms has not been dismantled—these top issues of the day have nothing at all to do with what Americans have been taught to always be worried about: money. If money is not the top story then the economy is really improving.
The Labor Department reported that the jobless rate was essentially unchanged at 7.6 percent, where it has hovered for the past three months, though there were some bright spots in the details: The size of the labor force increased slightly, and there was a dip in the ranks of workers so discouraged by their job prospects that they have given up seeking employment.
6 CommentsGetting Up Guide: A farewell to summer at Jazz in the Garden
What are your plans tonight? The Getting Up Guide is here to help you answer that question. Here's what's happening Friday:
Jazz in the Garden
Have you seen today's weather forecast? Suddenly, it feels like fall is just around the corner, and nowhere is that more apparent than the National Gallery of Art's Sculpture Garden. That's where the final Jazz in the Garden of the summer season is set to take place at 5 p.m. Jazz saxophonist Bruce Swaim provides the soundtrack, so pack your picnic basket and reminisce about the summer that was.
Double Dagger, Hum show the restaurant-turned-late-night rock venue is hosting Friday is worth seeing in its entirety: Baltimore's masters of minimalist punk rock, Double Dagger, share a bill with D.C.'s Hume, which will be celebrating the release of its debut album, "Penumbra," which manages to be sharp, precise and sprawling in equal measures.
The Yards Park Grand Opening
Looking for a new pre- or post-game destination near Nationals Park? Beginning with tonight's game against the Florida Marlins, you can add the Yards Park, a new five-and-a-half acre park along the Anacostia River, to your repertoire. At the park's grand opening, which lasts through Sunday, and from 3:30 to 11 p.m. today, you'll find live music, trapeze artists, kid-friendly crafts, area food trucks and two beer gardens for adults all within a short walk of the baseball stadium's center field gate.
-- Alex Baldinger and David Malitz
By
Alex Baldinger
| September 10, 2010; 6:00 AM ET
Categories: Events
Save & Share:
Previous: 'Housewives' nightlife Ep. 5: In Washington, we get a hotel
Next: Take a food tour
Posted by: saji99 | September 10, 2010 3:11 PM | Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed.
Jazz in the garden is really great. I attended it last friday. I joined IPG for attending various concerts, professional networking opportunities and diplomat events at various Embassies and foreign missions in Washington,DC.
Here is the linkWeb Analysis for Spain-olost - spain-olost.com
spain-olost.com is 1 year 5 months old. It is a domain having .com extension. This website is estimated worth of $ 8.95 and have a daily income of around $ 0.15. As no active threats were reported recently by users, spain-ol.76.74.164)
Affordable holiday Villa in Ban Plai Laem, Thailand - sleeps 10...
Affordable holiday Manor house in Cotignac, France - sleeps 8...
Affordable holiday Apartment in Dubrovnik, Croatia - sleeps 8...
Affordable holiday Villa in Teulada, Spain - sleeps 6 people, 3...
Affordable holiday Manor house in Golfo Aranci, Italy - sleeps 8...
HTTP Header Analysis
Status-Code: 200
Status: 200 OK
Server: Apache-Coyote/1.1
Accept-Ranges: bytes
ETag: W/"47159-1387293403000"
Last-Modified: Tue, 17 Dec 2013 15:16:43 GMT
Content-Type: text/html
Content-Length: 47159
Date: Fri, 20 Dec 2013 09:42:03 GMT38473887_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Creation Date: 2013-12-09 11:46:00Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2014-12-09 11:46:00Z
Registrar: ENOM, INC.
Reseller: NAMECHEAP.COM
Domain Status: clientTransferP
Registry Registrant ID:
Registrant Name: DAVID HANSEN
Registrant Organization:
Registrant Street: SUITE 4A
Registrant City: NICOSIA
Registrant State/Province: NICOSIA
Registrant Postal Code: 1076
Registrant Country: CY
Registrant Phone: +45.36950111
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax:
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: BACCERIL.HOLDINGS@GMAIL.COM
Registry Admin ID:
Admin Name: ULRICH LUND
Admin Organization:
Admin Street: SUITE 4A
Admin City: NICOSIA
Admin State/Province: NICOSIA
Admin Postal Code: 1076
Admin Country: CY
Admin Phone: +45.36950111
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax:
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: BACCERIL.HOLDINGS@GMAIL.COM
Registry Tech ID:
Tech Name: ULRICH LUND
Tech Organization:
Tech Street: SUITE 4A
Tech City: NICOSIA
Tech State/Province: NICOSIA
Tech Postal Code: 1076
Tech Country: CY
Tech Phone: +45.36950111
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax:
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: BACCERIL.HOLDINGS: 2013-12-09 03:46Get More: Music News
SHOWTIME SAYS…
MTV’s Sway talked to the Hip Hop’s young bloods Freddie Gibbs and Kendrick about the power of the Ghostwriter. Of course they didn’t drop any names on who they have written for, but the two MC’s do shed some light on what goes on behind the scenes of those studio walls.
Even though they didn’t tell who they write for they did talk about a track on Game’s latest album that gives a writers credit to Kendrick Lamar and J. Cole even though neither of them appear on the actual song.
.
Tell Hova don’t pass the crown so soon/Unless he got a crown for every writer in the room/There’s too many spirits on these ghost-written tunes/So you can’t crown the heir until you seance the room(c)Pusha T
August 7, 2009
Dear Editor:
"On Balance, Your Ability to Move With Confidence Is Central to a Healthy Life" (August 4, 2009) raises an important point -- loss of balance and falls could be prevented if adults are screened for balance and mobility impairments just as they are evaluated regularly for cardiovascular conditions and cholesterol levels.
As your article states, loss of balance and limitations in mobility can be effectively prevented, reversed, or delayed at any age. Research shows that individually prescribed muscle strengthening and balance retraining programs developed by a health care professional, as well as programs like Tai Chi are beneficial in helping older adults achieve and maintain their mobility and effectively respond to balance challenges.1
A comprehensive balance assessment performed by a physical therapist can be effective in determining what factors are contributing to an individual's loss of mobility, risk for falls, and/or decreased confidence. Once this information has been gathered the therapist can then determine which program would be most beneficial to reduce the individual's risk of falling.
Though age alone is a risk factor for falling, falls are not an inevitable part of aging.
Alice Bell PT, GCS
Section on Geriatrics,Murderers! Malaysia plane victim families' fury at 'cover-up'
DISTRAUGHT families of passengers on doomed flight MH370 clashed with police yesterday as they accused authorities of a cover-up.
PROTEST CLASHES: Chinese families besiege Malaysia’s Beijing embassy [REUTERS]
Relatives of some of the 239 victims stormed the Malaysian embassy in Beijing in furious protests over the handling of the plane crash disaster.
Hundreds lay siege to the building in a stand-off with security forces, demanding to know why the Malaysia Airlines jet had not been found.
They chanted: “Liars!” and: “Murderers!” and “Return our relatives, tell us the truth,” a day after they were told there were no survivors from the jet.
Fights broke out as the crowd hurled bottles at staff holed up inside and then tried to rush the gates in a desperate bid for information.
Devastated Nan Jinyan, sister-in-law of one of the victims, accused them of withholding crucial information.
She raged: “I feel like they are toying with human lives.”
And fellow protester Steve Wang sobbed: “They are liars. They hide everything.
“We just want the truth but they are hiding so many things. There is no proof.”
Their anger was unleashed after Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak announced on Monday the airliner had plunged into the Indian Ocean, killing everyone on board.
Experts from Brit satellite firm Inmarsat discovered that the Kuala Lumpur to Beijing flight’s final position on March 8 was 5,000 miles off course, off Australia’s west coast.
“I feel like they are toying with human lives”Nan Jinyan
China’s government has joined the outcry against the Malaysians, demanding to know why they had declared the jet lost.
Earlier a group claiming to represent the families issued a statement branding the Malaysian govern-ment “executioners”.
They accused them of trying to “delay, hide and cover up the truth”.
Malaysia Airlines said they were doing every-thing they could to help the families.
And they defended sending a text message to inform them their loved ones had perished.
It came as investigators looked into the horrific possibility the jet was brought down in a suicide mission.
A source said: “This has been a deliberate act by someone on board with detailed knowledge.
“Nothing is emerging that points to motive.” They are also investigating claims the plane was clocked on military radar flying above 43,000ft.
At that altitude the passengers could have passed out from a lack of oxygen.
The hunt for debris is now being delayed by gales and heavy rain.: December 5, 2013 9:00 AM
Description/Agenda:
2nd Agenda UTAH DENTIST & DENTAL HYGIENIST LICENSING BOARD December 5, 2013 Minutes 4. Swear in Patricia Rushton, Ph.D. BUSINESS FROM PREVIOUS MEETING: APPOINTMENTS: 9:10 am to 9:30 am – Compliance Unit Update 9:30 am – Dr. David M. Anderson, Probationary Interview 9:45 am – Dr. Louis R. Christensen, Telephonic Probationary Interview 10:20 am – Dr. David O. Hendrickson, Probationary Interview 10:40 am – Dr. Chris A. Neilson, Telephonic Probationary Interview 10:50 am – Dr. Jeremy L. Thompson, Probationary Interview 11:05 am – Dr. S. Dale Hibbert, Probationary Interview 12:15 pm – Dr. Jared W. Hemmert, Probationary Interview DISCUSSION ITEMS: • Dental Fine Authority – Advertising Violations • Update on 2.5 Hours Continuing Education on Prescribing • Dental Rule Submitted • Board Meeting Schedule for 2014: March 6, June 12, September 4, and December 4. CORRESPONDENCE: • CODA, State Board Participation on Accreditation Site Visits • AADB, James Tarrant Letter Regarding Membership • WREB/HERB February and March:02 PM
This notice was last edited on: December 04, 2013 08:58 AM
ConnectSo, guess what. Instead of working this week on the castle images from Astrid's birthday weekend, I re-did my Blurb book of Vision and Verb posts...for free!
It's a back-n-forth story of several emails with the Support Desk, and in the end , they really wanted me to be happy...and I was. Part of it was my fault in not computing how a text book is different from a photo book. Part of it is that the editing tool was not a WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get) tool, and the support man graciously agreed.
So, with all of that, here's the new book or my 98 V&V posts, more the way I expected and with only some slight changes. THIS is the book that replaces the other one (which we'll promtly forget all about). Thank you for your indulgence:
PDF version, in case you want to download it. For those of you who have followed me during the last 4-1/2 years of my visions and verbs, THANK YOU. It's been quite the journey!
Thanks Ginnie for the update!
You're more than welcome, of course, Donna. So sorry this went around Robin Hood's barn. Oh well. It happens.
What a trooper you are. You amaze my. The determination to make it perfect.
What a treasure to keep. All the different subjects. It will be fun to hold it in a few weeks......
I am glad that they made it possible to re-do the book. I am so happy for you. IHVJ.
You've been my biggest fan throughout it all, Astrid, for which I give my undying thanks. Hartstikke bedankt!
Hi Ginnie Girl, yay!!! i'm so glad you're happy with the end result! your PDF link doesn't work, wanted to download it :)
Thanks for your support, Elaine. I will try again with the PDF file and will let you know. I just assumed it worked and never checked it. (sigh)
So happy you're now satisfied! Looks great and truly a treasure for you and family!!
Thank you, Robin. If at first you don't succeed...yup. TRY AGAIN! :)
Your V&V posts were always thought provoking and inspiring.
I loved every minute of the V&V journey and I am still coming to terms with what the next step might be...
You're very kind, Cherry. It was quite the journey for us all, wasn't it. I think many are feeling a sense of loss but we have much to keep from that experience. I'm so glad you were part of us and that I got to meet you more than once in real life! :).
Black Genocide: Abortion
Abortion is the #1 killer of black people since 1973. 13 million black children have died at the hands of abortion doctors and their mothers conscience choice to kill the baby. The sad fact that the most dangerous place for a black child is in the womb of a black woman. This is based on facts and not hate propaganda for black women. We must stop committing genocide against our own people..
Why Some Black People Feel Success And Education Equates "Trying To Be White"
A young sister recently uploaded a video about her experience with some black people. They felt due to her well spoken speech she was "trying to be white". Some black people feel stuggle and ignorance is a badge of honor. If you want to do well for yourself then that is a problem. They will call you a coon,sellout,self hater and many other names. Where did this mentality come from? Why some black people feel being black is living poor and destitute? We want to address this topic in the show
The New America:Fear,Injustice,And Killer Cops
The police have declared war on the citizens in this nation. Many of us see it as just that due to the killing of citizens. The police are beating and killing people daily in this nation. No one in government won't address this isssue. We the people must stand together and understand the new America we are living in. A America that doesn't care about human rights. We need to discuss how to survive police encounters because our lives depend on it.
Why Some Men Lost Their Backbone?
What has happened to men today in America? Men are constantly complaining on women and begging them to change. Men have become too emotional and get their feelings hurt as if they are women. We want to address the current state of men and what can be done to change the culture.?
Baltimore Protest:Freedom Fighters Or Criminals
We want to address the protest and riots in Baltimore. The community is hurting from the murder of Freddie Gray. People feel they have no hope and must take extreme measures to be heard.
Why People That Stand Against Racism Are Severely Attacked?
Racism is wrong and all should stand against it. Those that are bold and couragous will be attacked severely. This country supports those that want to keep the system of white supremacy going. Anyone that dare take a stand against it is viewed as a enemy. It doesn't matter what race you are just don't buck the system.
- ...
Today's Best Podcasts
Join Host Live Chats
There are no live chats in progress
Get Social with BTRAbout
Advanced Search
Browse by Discipline
Scientific Societies
E-print Alerts
Add E-prints
Summary: COLLOQUIUM
University of Regina
Department of Mathematics and Statistics
Speaker: Andrea Burgess (University of Ottawa)
Title: Cycle decompositions of some families of graphs
Time & Place: Friday, November 13, 3:30 - 4:30 pm, CL 435
Abstract
A graph G is said to be decomposable into cycles of length k if its edges
may be partitioned into k-cycles. The study of cycle decomposition of the
complete graph Km dates back to the 19th century, when Kirkman proved
that Km decomposes into cycles of length 3 if and only if m is congruent to
1 or 3 modulo 6, and Walecki showed that Km is decomposable into cycles
of length m exactly when m is odd. The general problem of determining
necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of a k-cycle decompo-
sition of Km remained open untiliza-
Source: Argerami, Martin - Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Regina
Collections: MathematicsBirthday Cakes By Stacey At Baby Cakes Dessert Dreamerie
I made this snake cake for one of my son's birthdays. It is a sheet cake for the terrain..I decorated the terrain with chocolate icing, wafer rolls, rock candy 'crystals', mini marshmallows, and sour strips..oh yeah and sugar sheets. The snake was a bunt cake covered with marshmallow fondant. I used a wire press to get the pattern on his skin and then colored the diamonds on his skin with an edible ink pen. The snake head and tail were formed with rice crispy treats then covered with fondant and raisins for eyes and his tongue is is small piece of sour strip. Everyone loved it and the fondant was super yummy too!!
Login To Leave A CommentWe at Words for the Journey would love to hear from you! We have a Newsletter/Devo that arrives twice monthly in your inbox (a day before a meeting) that has a fresh devotional or instruction post, and all the information you need about writing instruction, upcoming writers group’ meetings, events, conferences, contests and writing opportunities. When the Webinars start, those will be in there too!
Please contact us to sign up for the newsletters or to get a question answered that isn’t answered on the website!Two members of the notorious LulzSec hacking gang, accused of attacking high profile websites belonging to the likes of the CIA, Pentagon, US Senate. The Sun, Sony, PBS and the UK's Serious Organised Crime Agency (SOCA), have pleaded guilty in court to some of the charges against them.
18-year-old Jake Davis (known as "Topiary") and 19-year-old Ryan Cleary appeared in the dock of Southwark Crown Court to enter guilty pleas to charges under the Criminal Law Act and Computer Misuse Act.
Davis, who under his "Topiary" handle became the LulzSec group's principal spokesperson from his base in the Shetland Islands, admitted to two of the four charges against him, including his involvement in the attack on SOCA's website.
Cleary admitted to six of eight charges against him, including attacking CIA and US Air Force computers based at the Pentagon.
Both men told the court that they are not guilty of charges that they illegally acquired and posted confidential information obtained through hacking, such as passwords and credit card details.
Cleary, who was jailed last year for breaching his bail conditions by contacting another LulzSec member, also faces charges in the United States.
Regular readers will remember that Cleary is the man who was described by The Sun newspaper upon his arrest as a "geek", "nerd" and "oddball".
It is speculated that that media report may have angered other members of LulzSec, and motivated the hacking group's attack the following month against The Sun.
The attack against The Sun newspaper saw phone numbers, email address and passwords of News International employees posted on the internet.
Meanwhile, website visitors were presented with a false news story claiming that News International founder Rupert Murdoch had died after ingesting a "large quantity of palladium", and stumbled into his "famous topiary garden".
Ryan Ackroyd, 25, who is suspected of being the hacker known as "Kayla", plead not guilty to all four charges brought against him. A 17-year-old who cannot be named for legal reasons also gave a plea of not guilty against four charges.
The four are scheduled to face trial on 8 April 2013.Follow @NakedSecurity.
Hot Springs in the Ketchum Ranger District:
- Warfield Hot Springs/Frenchman's Bend Hot Springs: From State Route 75 in Ketchum, take the Warm Springs road west on a surface that deteriorates from pavement to gravel in 4 miles. Just beyond a bridge at 10.5 miles, a sign welcomes visitors to Frenchman's Bend. Park in the designated area and walk a short way upstream to the pools. The hot spring is a highly seasonal soaking pool nestled in the creek side boulders right below the road. The spring bubbles at 124 degrees. Public use from 4am to 10pm, bathing suits required, no alcohol or no glass containers and parking is restricted to a designated parking zone. (Do note that the several miles of unpaved road are often a bit dicey due to slick or muddy conditions. And the hotsprings themselves can be washed out in the spring due to snow run-off.)
Commercial Hot Springs
- Easley Hot Springs: 12 Miles north of Ketchum - 0utdoor hot springs filled pool. Open from Memorial to Labor Day.Van Laan Construction Supply is a full service reinforcing steel fabricator and concrete construction product supplier located near Grand Rapids and serving Michigan. For over 20 years now we have been providing our customers with the highest level of service at competitive pricing. We stock an extensive supply of rebar, wire mesh, and steel fibers. We also stock the top brands of concrete patching and repair products you need to make your construction projects a success. VLCS knows how valuable your time is, that is why we pride ourselves on doing all we can to operate on your timeline, not ours. To serve you better, many of our dedicated employees have field experience and know the concrete industry and the demands that are put upon contractors. We at VLCS are sure your business experience will be enjoyable as well as profitable and look forward to serving you.
Featured Projects
ServicesThe Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences has an Appointment and Promotion Committee that assists faculty members in the department with their career advancement through the academic ranks. The committee's purpose is to educate faculty members about the appointment and promotions process, to facilitate the appointment and promotion process, and to make recommendations regarding faculty promotions and track changes. By helping faculty view preparing for promotion as an ongoing process requiring continuous updating of materials, the committee increases the likelihood that promotions' documents are comprehensive. The committee is comprised of the Vice-Chair for Faculty Development and nine additional members representing all major tracks and faculty levels for a three year appointment term.
Appointments and promotions are guided by the School of Medicine's Guidelines on Appointment, Promotion, and Tenure.
These guidelines provide detailed information about what is required for each track for each rank. Faculty are strongly encouraged to work with their mentor(s), Division Director, and Vice Chair for Faculty Development in the process of preparing their materials.
For more detail about the promotions process within the School of Medicine, please see.Homegamers know that at the crux of the market’s problems are those companies that insure big, structured products like CDOs and municipal bonds that have beaten down since last summer’s credit crunch. But in addition to being regulated by the SEC, these companies are regulated by New York State, which is why on Wednesday’s show, Cramer spoke with New York’s top insurance regulator Eric Dinallo to get a better grip on what is being done to keep so much collateralized debt out of the marketplace in the future.
Dinallo, who Cramer called the most important and powerful man in the insurance business, said his office’s first job is to protect the policy holders. He remains concerned about the solvency of the insurers, which accounts for why Dinallo reached out to Warren Buffet’s Berkshire HathawayThe automaker thinks the Germans want a deal badly enough to change the terms and let GM keep key technology rights).
But by playing a waiting game, GM's new board of directors hopes to either alter the terms of the Magna deal or get the government to finance the RHJI offer. GM's advisers think the automaker could do even better by finding new sources of funding that would let the company keep Opel or by letting Opel fall into insolvency. The latter would liquidate the company and force GM to engineer future small and midsize passenger cars in its U.S. or Korean operations. But it would also keep Magna and its Russian partner from emerging as a competitor. Sberbank has ties to Russian automaker GAZ (GAZA.RTS).
GM's board had a few issues with the Magna deal, which is why it refused to make a call either way during its phone meeting on Aug. 21, say sources close to the board. GM's U.S. unit holds the intellectual rights to Opel's engine technology and passenger-car platforms. The board wants to keep control of that, even if Opel and its new owner default on loans from the German government or if the company is sold again later on. GM's board also wants to preserve royalties paid by Opel's owner. Neither was clearly spelled out in the proposal the board reviewed on Friday.
Time Is Short
The fear, says one adviser to GM, is that Magna and its Russian partners would use the technology to compete against GM not only in Europe but in other emerging markets.
GM doesn't hold all of the cards. But Merkel is under pressure to show that she has saved Opel and thousands of German jobs by striking a deal by the Sept. 27 election. So time is short.
If GM can't retain control of Opel's intellectual property from Magna, it would prefer to do a deal with RHJI. Sources close to the talks say RHJI would be willing to sell the company back to GM later. Its offer was also more lenient toward GM when it comes to technology ownership.
That's problematic in Germany. Politicians and labor leaders have blamed GM for Opel's woes, so selling to a player like RHJI means GM could be back in the picture. But RHJI's bid also requires public financing of about €900 million less than what Magna requires.
There is one other option. GM could try to get financing from the Spanish and British governments and restructure Opel on its own. But that would cost several billion dollars and it isn't in the works just yet. Opel has plants in both countries. GM also could let Opel go insolvent, allow all the jobs to go away, and use the Chevrolet brand and cars coming from its Korean GM-Daewoo operations for sale in Europe.
Fresh Product in Hand
GM already is growing Chevy in Europe; so far this year, Chevy has sold 214,000 cars in Europe, about one-third of Opel's sales. The Opel brand had been growing until recently; sales are off 20% this year in Europe, largely because the Russian market has tanked. If GM can expand the Chevy brand using cars made in cheaper plants in Asia and Eastern Europe, it could succeed in the long run. But GM has to build Chevy up against homegrown names from all over Europe and steal a march on Korean and Japanese interlopers, which already have a head start.
GM's board may feel that it can afford to wait out the Germans, who have already loaned Opel money. Plus, the Chevy Malibu is relatively new, and most of the work on the Chevy Cruze, which hits the market early next year, is done. So GM has fresh product in hand that utilizes Opel's technology.
If it looks like Opel will go insolvent, GM has time to engineer new passenger cars without it. And the Korean GM-Daewoo unit could engineer compacts and subcompacts. "GM could ride for nine years on what they've got," says James N. Hall, principle of Detroit-area consulting firm 2953 Analytics.Here's the Scoop: July 10, 2013
History is in the bag
“What about this?” There’s not usually an easy response when my wife asks me this question.
You see the “this” referred to above was the well-worn Pro-Keds duffel bag she was delicately clutching while trying to conceal her mild disgust with the status of this piece of my athletic history. As you may have guessed, the question referred to whether or not I was OK with her throwing out this way-past-its-prime apparatus.
The term “retro” sprang immediately to mind when I saw my her daintily holding my beloved carryall. Frightened by a growing number of cautionary tales from “mature” fellows still competing in kids’ games, it’s been years since I’d donned spikes for softball or let fly with any three-point attempts on the hoop court. But, throwing out my Pro-Keds bag?
This was not a decision to be taken lightly. Plus, I’m sure the bag would be useful to carry equipment for backyard Whiffle Ball games with “automatic” base hits that don’t involve running. Or jumping.
Pondering a response
My wife could instantly read the hesitation on my face. Part of my brain was racing to find a legitimate reason to hold onto the Pro-Keds bag. The other section of my mind was firmly aware that my wife had no lingering doubts about what should happen to the bag. She was merely being polite in asking me.
Still, I couldn’t part with the bag without putting up some resistance. It’s not that I’m a hoarder; it’s just that I have respect for the earth and hate to add clutter to landfills.
“Ummm,” I stammered, stalling for time. “That’s my good luck bag — I carry all my stuff in there to the Fantasy Baseball draft each year!”
My wife didn’t miss a beat.
“Well, maybe it’s not working so great lately and you need a new one,” she responded in a not-so-subtle reminder that it’s been a few years since I hauled home any first-place winnings in my “non-contact sport” of choice.
Ouch.
Not the bag’s fault
Even though I couldn’t blame the bag for some of my questionable Fantasy Baseball picks, maybe she was right. I could use a new satchel to help change my luck. As I stood mulling this possibility, my wife refused to let me think of a reason to keep the bag.
“Have you smelled it?” she added bluntly.
Ouch again.
I had little reason to doubt her logic, but I did take a whiff (like many players on my Fantasy Baseball team) and found there would be no arguing with her logic.
“Well, I do have a backpack that’s in pretty good shape,” I conceded. “Maybe starting to use that would help me make better choices on Fantasy Baseball draft day!”
My wife eagerly agreed, although deep down she knew that the bag had little involvement with the draft picks. She was just happy to toss the Pro-Keds duffel.
Me, I was just a bit sad over seeing a piece of my personal history headed for the trash heap.
As I carefully carried the bag toward the garbage, I stopped to look at my wife and told her, “You know, this has scent-imental value to me.” With that, I quickened my pace.
— Brian SweeneyThe.Drink Dates: 1996-2016
Professional content appears courtesy of Vinfolio
Sh
60Temps Warmer Than Usual Despite It Being Winter
Still with that fact in mind, to say that I'm not a little bit nervous about the insanity that is the weather during the month of March, technically winter and wondering what the summer might be like. Remember last summer? I do because people tended to drop dead because of the heat. Some of that is a distinct lack of common sense, but a lot of it...a lot of it is because it was really hot. Even just looking at the hot temps made you sweat.
And there may be some form of Global Warming out there or there may not be, but even the harshest critics against the thought of Global Warming might consider for even the briefest second that something might be up. And I'm sure that many people will consider this to be another sign of the thing that might be happening on December 21st 2012. You know the thing.
So this weather, it could Global Warming but who really knows. It would take a mass reeducation of people in general. But what is going on with the weather, is strange. Extremely strange. We could have some signs that global warming could be coming.Rooster Monkburn(right), the sock monkey whose toy gun (left), was confiscated at the St. Louis airport by a TSA official who insisted "this is a gun."
This week, a Transportation Security Administration (TSA) official disarmed a potentially dangerous sock monkey at the St. Louis, Mo., airport.
"You're kidding me, right?" Phyllis May, a woman who makes sock dolls in Redmond, Wash., asked the TSA agent who wanted to take the gun, the Huffington Post reported. May made the mistake of leaving her hand-made dolls and sewing supplies in her carry-on bag.
When the bag went through the screening process and was not given back quickly, May worried. When a TSA agent held up the bag, asking whose it was, May was thunderstruck. "I realized oh, my God, this is my bag," she told Idaho news station KTVB.
"She said, 'this is a gun,'" May recalled. "I said no, it's not a gun it's a prop for my monkey," she continued. The TSA agent told may she would have to confiscate the gun, far too tiny to ever fire a shot.
"She said, 'If I held it up to your neck, you wouldn't know if it was real or not,' and I said 'really?'" May told KTVB.
May called the sock monkey "Rooster Monkburn," from John Wayne's character "Rooster Cogburn" from the film "True Grit." Her small business sells many similar unique sock monkey dolls.
"Rooster Monkburn has been disarmed, so I'm sure everyone on the plane was safe," May said, according to RawStory. "I understand she was doing her job, but at some point doesn't common sense prevail?"
The story has hit the web, being picked up by various outlets and even making two appearances on YouTube.
"TSA Thwarts Yet Another Attack on American Soil – Disarms Rooster Monkburn at St. Louis Airport," a story in the Daily Paul reported, clearly tongue-in-cheek.
A video by YouTube user John Burke gives an "exclusive interview with Rooster Monkburn." Showing a sock monkey dressed up in a cowboy outfit, eyepatch, scarf, hat, and boots included, Burke presents the threat to the St. Louis airport. "My name is Rooster Monkburn, and I was the sock monkey going through the St. Louis airport, when that TSA agent took my pistol away."
"I'll tell you what, the next time they try that, they'll have to pull it from my cold, dead, sock-monkey hands," Monkburn says, slowly and deliberately.
Another video, from the Next News Network, reported on how the TSA protects Americans. "These skilled agents won't let anything on a plane that can do you harm, even if it's a two-inch plastic toy gun, owned by a sock monkey that goes by the name of 'Rooster Monkburn,'" the reporter says.
"We'll never know if Phyllis and her sock monkey were going to hijack that plane that day – with a two-inch toy gun – but now I can safely fly anywhere in this, the greatest country on earth, knowing that no one will ever hijack my flight with a two-inch, sock monkey toy gun," the Next News reporter concluded.- Hawk Krall
- We need a flipped-version of this illustration, or one of them tussling...
Seattle’s ride-sharing controversy just took an unexpected turn..
uberxCity officials confirmed to GeekWire this afternoon that the ordinance, which would have gone into effect later this month, is officially suspended. That means everything that the City Council agreed upon back in March—including the 150 cap on active vehicles, safety regulations, insurance requirements, etc.— is all put on hold.
In the meantime, the rideshare companies, taxis, and for-hire companies "have all agreed to enter into a 45-day negotiation process to work toward a proposal that is acceptable to all the stakeholders and to City Council," according to a mayoral statement. This comes after Murray grudgingly signed the rideshare regulations unanimously passed by the council last month.
47 CommentsIt is our eighth day here in Vorselaar Belgium, and the day after the Zolder Wolrd Cup. Tomorrow we race the famous race with the whoops, Loenhout! I'm getting super pumped for this race, if I remember correctly I had my best ride in Loenhout last time I was here in 08/09 as a Junior. With a World Cup yesterday and a Bpost Bank series race tomorrow that makes today one to rest and recover.
This is a much needed day off for me, yesterday I got pretty banged up with a couple hard crashes in the pre race laps trying to test the course limits... Actually as much as I'd like to say course limits I should really say my limits because after watching Sven Nys on tv fly through sections smoothly, faster than I went through them crashing I clearly wasn't getting close to the course limits... It's amazing watching how fast the veteran pros rip around these courses!
Today's rest day started off with a quick trip to castle Vorselaar for team pictures. On our way back a couple of us stopped to get some pictures of this massive horse near by. Curtis said it was Bob Marley reincarnated haha. I was happy to get back and get on the rollers, nothing feels better than lightly spinning yesterdays hard race out of my legs. We manage to have just as much fun training indoors on rainy days as we do outside on the 'cross course in town.
After everyone rides, the rest of the day we just try to stay off our feet as much as possible. Recovering is just as important as training hard, there's no pick up football games or outdoor activities today. Most of us spend out free time watching some tv shows online, reading a book or taking a nap; there's also bit of pool played, a fun and easy activity.
But we can't be to lazy, before dinner I've got to go through my bikes and makes sure they are race ready for tomorrow's super fun race. I'm pretty sure after yesterdays race with all the sand on the course I may need to change a couple cables. Keeping your bike in tip top shape is very important for any elite racer and with these muddy courses it can be a challenge but luckily we have great help over here from Dave our mechanic. Geoff has set up an excellent program for us here, it helps us to race at our best while staying relaxed and really have the opportunity to soak in the European racing scene and learn a lot from it.
I'd like to take this time to thank, Geoff, Jim, Dave and all the staff for their ceaseless support and assistance. And I would also like to thank NEBRA and all of our great friends and family back home who made it possible for Peter and I to make this trip!Module Name: src Committed By: ahoka Date: Thu Nov 24 15:54:56 UTC 2011 Modified Files: src/sbin: Makefile Added Files: src/sbin/mount_chfs: Makefile mount_chfs.8 mount_chfs.c mount_chfs.h Log Message: Import mount_chfs for CHFS. To generate a diff of this commit: cvs rdiff -u -r1.122 -r1.123 src/sbin/Makefile cvs rdiff -u -r0 -r1.1 src/sbin/mount_chfs/Makefile \ src/sbin/mount_chfs/mount_chfs.8 src/sbin/mount_chfs/mount_chfs.c \ src/sbin/mount_chfs/mount_chfs.h Please note that diffs are not public domain; they are subject to the copyright notices on the relevant files.A.Levy Investments and Construction Ltd. engages in construction and real estate businesses. It is involved in the construction of residential buildings; and public buildings, 664 3006
Industry Analysis
LEVA
Industry Average
Sponsored Financial Commentaries
Sponsored Links
To contact A.LEVI INVESTMENT & CONST.Comair's turnaround strategy pays off
Johannesburg, 12 February 2013: JSE-listed Comair Limited's strong focus on re-engineering its operations to deliver improved revenue, operating efficiency and customer service ensured continued profitability for the country's only private domestic airline operator.
During the interim period leading up to December 2012,'s introduced during the period contributed to increased revenue per flight, while at the same time improving fuel efficiency and accommodating an oil price above .
ENDS
About Comair
Comair Limited, SA's only domestic airline listed on the JSE and proudly local, has been operating successfully in this country inception revolutionalised air travel in South Africa by making flying much easier and more affordable to customers. For more information, visit
For further information, please contact:
Atmosphere Communications
Marisé Lerm (Account Director)
Tel: 021 469 1568,
Cell: 082 826 0457,
Comair Limited
Erik Venter (CEO Comair)
Tel: 011 921 0273,
Cell: 082 805 2688,WASHINGTON — Attorney General Eric Holder, under new pressure from Republicans over when he learned of “Operation Fast and Furious,” has mounted his most forceful defense to date, accusing critics on Friday of using “irresponsible and inflammatory rhetoric” and insisting his statements have been “truthful and accurate.”
“I have no recollection of knowing about ‘Fast and Furious’ or of hearing its name prior to the public controversy about it,” Holder wrote in a letter to congressional leaders Friday. “Prior to early 2011, I certainly never knew about the tactics employed in the operation.”
The letter comes one day after the ranking Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee, Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa),.”
A spokesman for Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), who as chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee is leading a congressional investigation into “Fast and Furious,” said he found Holder.”
The broader back-and-forth focuses on tactics used by ATF investigators in Arizona to target major gunrunners. Launched in late 2009, the investigation reportedly planned to follow gun purchasers in hopes that suspects would lead them to the heads of Mexican cartels. But high-powered weapons tied to the investigation ended up at crime scenes in Mexico and the US, including the murder of Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry late last year.
After the release of the memos Thursday, Issa said Holder “has failed to give Congress and the American people an honest account of what he and others knew about gun-walking and Operation Fast and Furious,” calling the lack of candor “deeply disturbing.”
In addition, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith (R-Texas) is calling for a special counsel to look into the matter. And earlier Friday, sheriffs from 10 Arizona counties echoed the call, accusing Holder and the Justice Department of “betraying every law enforcement officer in America, especially Arizona.”
In his letter, Holder said it is his most ardent critics who have “heaped” disrespect upon the nation’s law enforcement officers.
He noted he has so far remained relatively mum on the matter, while the Justice Department’s inspector general completes its own investigation, launched at Holder’s behest. But, he said Friday, he feels compelled to speak out now because “the public discourse concerning these issues has become so base and so harmful to interests that I hope we all share.”Motorola Solutions Completes Public Safety LTE Network Testing
Published on: 11th Feb 2013
Note -- this news article is more than a year old.
By: Ian Mansfield
Motorola Solutions says that it has become the first Public Safety LTE vendor to successfully complete all testing activities associated with Phase 3 Part One with the USA's Public Safety Communications Research Program (PSCR).
The testing by Motorola and Ericsson demonstrated the interoperability of the Radio Access Network (RAN) and Evolved Packet Core (EPC) with three major network vendors.
The successful completion of the Phase 3: Part One test is a key milestone toward Motorola becoming an authorized supplier to FirstNet, the USA's planned nationwide public safety broadband network.
The tests also demonstrated Motorola's conformance to and support for public safety standards. Motorola previously announced the first commercial release of standards-based LTE technology to public safety, with shipments beginning on Nov. 11, 2011.
The "Phase 3: Part One" testing was performed in the 700 MHz Band 14 spectrum which supports broadband for public safety.
Motorola and Ericsson have been working on Public Safety LTE together since late 2010.
Tags: motorola solutions lte USAWhen someone asks Crimson Tide coach Nick Saban about the lack of sacks, it's sort of like watching a grenade roll across the floor.
The statistic irritates Saban because it draws attention like the Las Vegas strip. He believes disrupting the quarterback in any way is just as important as devouring a quarterback.
Saban once said: "You don't have to sack him to affect him."
That's not to say he doesn't appreciate one of his defensive players ripping off the dragon's head. Saban credited LSU after a 24-21 loss for its three sacks.
"They made some big plays in sack situations," Saban said. "All that changes field position."
Anyone who watched Alabama's 30-10 win over Mississippi State Saturday night would be hard-pressed not to notice the Crimson Tide's similar success, which resulted in a season-high five sacks.
The impact of those plays was indisputable.
Saban said Alabama played mostly zone defense against the Bulldogs, and that was a big part of getting to quarterback Chris Relf.
"I thought the pass rush was really important," Saban said. "I thought it was important because when you get sacks and give them negative plays and get them behind in the down and distance, it takes them out of their game a little bit, and that was critical for us."
Nose guard Josh Chapman said pass rushing has become an emphasis in practice. The Crimson Tide had just 10 sacks in eight games before a bye week. Now it has six sacks in the past two games.
"We've been putting more emphasis in it, and practiced the way we should have been doing from the get-go," Chapman said. "You can also see that teams are not going to want to come in here and run the ball on us all the time."
Chapman said his sack at LSU was a direct result of something he picked up in practice in terms of his personal technique. He said one point of emphasis is "keying off the ball."
"That's one of the things we've been harping on, getting off the ball," Chapman said. "... (You) eye up the ball and try to key off it. Once you get good get off, there shouldn't be an O-lineman that can stop you if you've got a good get off."
Alabama is led by Damion Square with 3 sacks, followed by Marcell Dareus (2½), and Courtney Upshaw, DeQuan Menzie and Mark Barron (2 each).
Dareus and Upshaw have both coped with ankle issues for most of the season, but seem to be regaining their health lately.
The Crimson Tide will get one more chance to work on pass-rushing technique Thursday night against Georgia State, which has allowed 11 sacks this season.
Then comes Heisman Trophy front-runner Cam Newton and BCS No. 2-ranked Auburn for the Iron Bowl on Nov. 26.
"People are gonna want to come in here and try the passing game," Chapman said. "That's one thing, we have to affect the quarterback and take some of the pressure off the DBs."Architecture firm Snøhetta has unveiled images of a hotel that will wind across a rocky outcrop in Norway's Lofoten archipelago.
Expected to start on site later this year, the Lofoten Opera Hotel will be located on an outlying site in Glåpen flanked by a mountain range. The new low-rise structure will loop a central courtyard, but will offer views out across the sea to the south and west.
"The spectacular view and the feeling of being 'in the middle' of the elements are the premier qualities of the site," said Snøhetta in a statement.
"In a unifying gesture the site is captured in a circular movement, the complex layers of references to nature, culture, land qualities are translated into a band that transforms the site into a place."
The 11,000 square-metre building will accommodate a mix of hotels and apartments within its curved body. There will also be spa facilities, seawater basins, hiking resources and an amphitheatre.
The project looks set to attract new guests to Lofoten, which is home to one of Norway's 18 national tourist routes. Stretching along an 184-kilometre road, the route encompasses facilities for tourists exploring the natural landscape, including the Eggum rest stop completed by Snøhetta in 2007.
Here's a description of the project from Snøhetta:
Lofoten Opera Hotel
Furthest west of Lofoten, in Moskenes community close to the town Sørvagen, is Glåpen..
The spectacular view and the feeling of being "in the middle" of the elements are the premier qualities of the site. Plot view, organisation and habitat as form have been inspiring elements behind the concept. In a unifying gesture the site is captured in a circular movement, the complex layers of references to nature, culture, land qualities are translated into a band that transforms the site into a place.
This form creates an inner and outer space, and enhances the site's inherent potential of an architectural expression. Concept and program are balanced in a mix of hotels, apartments, amphitheatre, spa, hiking and sea water basins within a total size of 11,000 m2. The local beach culture and storstuga are included in the project. The organic form protects and opens at the same time.
Location: Lofoten
Typology: Residential & Hotel
Client: Lofoten Opera AS
Status: Ongoing
Size: 11,000 sqm
- Romain_M
- mitate
- Eynak East
- Nicklas
- mitate
- pipe
- CDBr
- Rae Claire
- Fastigheter
More architecture:
Rødovre Skyscraper by MVRDV and ADEPT
Haworth Tompkins overhauls Powell & Moya…'s brutalist Chichester theatre
The Kimball Art Centre by BIG
Lynch Architects to build ideal village
Saint Kjeld’s Kvarter by Tredje Natur
Box House in Kuwait contains a trio of a…partments with private courtyards
Franz Architekten creates golden chequer…board on Goldstück music hall facade
Providence Chapel by Jonathan Tuckey Des…ign
Ice House Detroit by Gregory Holm and Ma…tthew Radune
of all our storiesFigures.
Citation: Delwig A, Logan AM, Copenhagen DR, Ahn AH (2012) Light Evokes Melanopsin-Dependent Vocalization and Neural Activation Associated with Aversive Experience in Neonatal Mice. PLoS ONE 7(9): e43787. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0043787
Editor: William Rowland Taylor, Oregon Health & Science University, United States of America
Received: May 18, 2012; Accepted: July 24, 2012; Published: September 13, 2012
Copyright: © Delwig NS066091 (AHA), EY01869 (DRC), March of Dimes (DRC) and Research to Prevent Blindness (Department of Ophthalmology and DRC), Knights Templar Eye Foundation (AD), a supplement funded by the ARRA NS047113 (AHA) and National Eye Institute (Core grant EY 002162). The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Introduction
In neonatal rats and mice, light evokes negative phototaxis, a stereotyped avoidance behavior, characterized by a vigorous reorientation away from the light source [1], [2]. In neonatal mice between postnatal day 6 and 9 (P6 to P9), before the emergence of rod and cone visual signaling, the melanopsin-expressing intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells (ipRGCs) mediate this robust behavior [3]. However, it is not known if light activation of ipRGCs during negative phototaxis is associated with an aversive experience.
In adults, even moderate levels of light can be aversive or possibly even painful. In adult rats, bright light activates pain-reactive neurons in the trigeminal nucleus caudalis (TNC) [4], [5]. Also in adult rats, light activates dura-sensitive neurons in the posterior thalamus (Po), where a convergent light-evoked signal from ipRGCs has been implicated in a human clinical symptom called photophobia, in which light exacerbates migraine headache [6]. Finally, adult mice genetically altered to have increased sensitivity to calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) show increased avoidance of light [7], [8]. The central role of CGRP in pain processing [9], especially in the central nucleus of the amygdala [10], [11], suggested to us that cellular activation of this area [12] could also reflect the aversiveness or negative salience of bright light in these neonatal mice.
Neonatal mice produce specific vocalizations in response to distressful or painful stimuli, so we hypothesized that these behaviors could be informative. Mouse pups emit ultrasonic vocalizations in the 50–80 kHz range in response to a variety of stressful events, including isolation from the home cage [13], [14]. Additionally, neonatal mice respond to acutely painful stimuli, such as tail pinch, with broadband vocalizations (squeals) heard prominently in the 5-kHz range [13].
In this study we asked whether light activation of melanopsin-expressing ipRGCs during negative phototaxis is associated with aversive or even painful experience in neonatal mice. To answer this question, we first tested whether pups vocalize in response to light, and if so, whether these vocalizations are related to stress or pain. Next, we characterized neural activation in three brain areas involved in processing aversive and painful stimuli in adults: posterior thalamus (Po), central amygdala (CeLC) and trigeminal nucleus caudalis (TNC).
The results of our experiments could also inform the recent debate as to whether lighting conditions affect outcomes in the care of human preterm infants in neonatal intensive care units [15], [16]. In this brightly illuminated environment, preterm infants can display what appear to be escape responses, including squinting of the eyes, turning of the head away from light, saluting, and finger splaying [17]. Although there is general agreement that pain and distress should be minimized in the care of preterm infants [18], it is a challenge to determine in this clinical setting whether these reactions to light are merely reflexive, akin to pupillary responses to light, or whether bright light is truly aversive or even painful to these infants.
Methods
Animals
Mice were housed in an AALAC-accredited pathogen-free animal facility with ad libitum access to food and water, and with a 12-hour light-dark cycle with lights on at 7AM and off at 7PM. Mice were used in accord with an experimental protocol that was approved by an institutional review board (IACUC, UCSF), and meets guidelines on the care and use of laboratory animals by the U.S. Public Health Service.
The animals used in these experiments were C57/BL6J wild-type (WT) mice obtained from a local vendor (Jackson Laboratory, Sacramento CA). The mice lacking the melanopsin gene (Opn4) are derived from the line described by Panda, et al [19], and were kindly provided by Russ Van Gelder. This is also the mouse line with which we previously described melanopsin-dependent phototaxis [3]. Melanopsin knockout (KO) pups used in the behavior experiments were compared to both heterozygotes (Opn4+/−) as well as the WT mice, the latter two groups showing no difference. The KO mice used in the experiments of neuronal activation were bred from crosses between KO heterozygotes and were compared to heterozygote littermates and WT mice. Tail DNA for genotyping was obtained on anesthetized pups immediately prior to intracardiac perfusion. Histological analysis took place without knowledge of the animals' genotype.
Behavior monitoring
All testing was performed within a 4-hour interval during the subjective daytime. Possible changes in light ultrasonic vocalizations or neuronal activation during subjective night were not tested here as our previous study of negative phototaxis revealed no diurnal variations. [3]. Animal behaviors were monitored with an infrared camera and ultrasound detector as shown in Figure 1.
Mouse pups (P7–P9) were placed in a clear plastic enclosure with a blue LED positioned 5 cm from each end of the chamber. The pup's behavior was monitored using an infrared camera to record motor responses and a broadband microphone to detect 62-kHz ultrasonic vocalizations (USVs) and 5-kHz squeals.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0043787.g001
Vocalization monitoring
We monitored audible 5-kHz squeals and 62-kHz ultrasonic vocalizations (USVs) from mouse pups using an ultrasound detector (UltraSound Advice, UK; model: mini-3). This detector has two channels: one was tuned to 62 kHz (detection range: 58 to 66 KHz) and the second monitored audible frequency range (20–20,000 Hz). The audio output from the mini-3 detector was recorded continuously onto a sound recorder (Sony PCM-M10). Timing of USVs was detected by thresholding the root mean square levels (5 msec bins; Matlab) as described previously with minor modifications [20]. The Matlab code used for analyses is available from authors upon request. The experimenter quantified 5-kHz squeals manually.
Light exposure chamber
We used a monitoring chamber (10×3×4 cm; L×W×H) made of clear acrylic warmed by a heating pad to 35°C. Using the same chamber, we previously showed that a single light source evoked negative phototaxis [3]. In the present experiment, we fixed two LED light sources (Philips Lumileds Lighting Company; model: Luxeon III star, LXHL-LB3C, wavelength = 470 nm) at 5 cm from the ends of the testing chamber as shown in Figure 1. The measured power flux at each end of the chamber was 40 mW/cm2 (UDT Instruments, San Diego, CA; model S471). The photon flux at the 470 nm wavelength was 9×1016 photons/sec/cm2, which is roughly equivalent to the amount of blue light in the direct sunlight at midday. Taking into account that eyelids are closed at this age (about 100 fold attenuation of light [3]) and that pups are free to move inside the testing chamber (4 fold difference in light intensity depending on the location inside the chamber), we estimate that the amount of light that reached their corneas ranged from 100 to 400 µW/cm2 (2.2 to 9×1014 photons/sec/cm2).
Light-induced behaviors
Mice were kept in darkness for at least one hour before the experiment. Neonatal pups at ages P7 to P9 were tested individually, and transferred to the testing chamber under dim red light. Pups were allowed to acclimate to the chamber until the isolation-induced 62-kHz USVs calls [20] ceased (10–15 minutes). A recording trial began with a 60 second baseline in the dark, a 60 second exposure to light, followed by an additional 60 seconds of recording in the dark. We quantified the percentage of pups that showed locomotor and vocal responses to light as evidenced by turning away from light and increase in the rate of 62-kHz USVs. Vocal responses were further quantified as the number of 62-kHz vocalizations during each 1-minute interval, and are presented as a mean value ± SEM. The scorer was blinded to the genotype of pups when quantifying vocalizations from mixed genotype litters (Opn4+/−, Opn4+/+, and Opn4−/−) obtained from the mating of Opn4+/− parents. Tests of statistical significance were determined by pair wise comparisons between WT and KO mice, using Student's t-test, with the criteria of significance set at p<0.05.
Controls of specificity
Several control experiments excluded the possibility that sound, smell, vibration or heat, related to the light source was the relevant stimulus for USVs. Simply blocking the light paths between the LEDs and the pups, or turning the illuminated LEDs away from the pups eliminated the USVs when the light was on. All olfactory and auditory cues were unchanged under these experimental conditions. Additionally, light delivered via fiber optic cable, which does not carry smell, sound or vibrations, from the light source positioned 10 m away elicited the same locomotor responses and USVs. Blocking the light paths with infrared blocking filters had no discernible effect on the light-evoked USVs or negative phototaxis [3].
Mechanical pain
To determine vocal responses to acute pain, the pup was allowed to become quiet after the end of light pulse (typically about 5 minutes) after which time its tail was lightly pinched for 5 seconds. This pinching produced not only 62-kHz USVs but also audible 5-KHz squeals and a robust escape motor response.
Formalin injection
The injection of dilute formalin was a positive control stimulus for nociceptive stimulation. We diluted formalin (37% formaldehyde, Fisher) in isotonic saline and injected 10 µl of 2% formalin or control saline into the supraorbital skin using a 30-gauge needle mounted on a 50-µl glass Hamilton syringe. All injections were performed under dim red-light conditions to avoid extraneous stimulation.
Light exposure and tissue preparation for immunohistochemistry
On the morning of the experiment, the home cage was maintained in the dark for 1 to 3 hours. To minimize spurious exposure to ambient light, animals were transferred to the light chamber under dim red light conditions. P8 pups were transferred to the warmed light chamber and stimulated for 30 minutes with 15-second pulses of blue light followed by 15 seconds of darkness. Following 90 min recovery in the darkened home cage, animals were euthanized and perfused intracardially for tissue sections. Frozen brain and spinal cord sections were cut in the coronal plane on a sliding microtome at 40 µm and collected in 0.1 M phosphate buffer (pH 7.4). We examined every other section within the region from the C2 spinal cord to the trigeminal nucleus caudalis at the level of the area postrema and decussation of the pyramids.
Immunohistochemistry
Free-floating sections were pre-incubated for one hour at room temperature (RT) in phosphate-buffered saline with 0.3% Triton X-100 (PBST) and 10% normal goat serum (10% NGST). Within the trigeminal nucleus caudalis and the posterior thalamus, the expression of the immediate-early gene Fos was used as a reporter of neuronal activation, using a rabbit anti-Fos antiserum (Oncogene, San Diego, CA 1:30,000). The phosphorylation of the extracellular related kinase (pERK) in the lateral and capsular portions of the central amygdala, the so-called nociceptive amygdala, is associated with the negative and aversive aspects of painful stimulation [12]. To detect pERK we used the anti-Phospho-p44/42 kinase rabbit mAB (1:1000 Cell Signaling Technology, catalog # 4376, clone 20G11, Danvers, MA.) at room temperature (RT) overnight. Primary and secondary antisera were diluted in PBST with 2% NGS (2% NGST). Sections were then washed three times in 2% NGST for ten minutes each and incubated for one hour at RT with biotinylated goat anti-rabbit antibody (Vector Labs, Burlingame, CA) in 2% NGST, and washed three times in PBST for ten min each at RT. To localize the secondary antibody we used an avidin-biotin HRP complex (ExtrAvidin Peroxidase, Sigma, St. Louis, MO), with glucose oxidase (Sigma, St. Louis, MO) as the substrate and nickel-enhanced 3, -3′diaminobenzidine (DAB, Sigma, St. Louis, MO) as the chromogen. Sections were then mounted on gelatin-coated glass slides and cover slipped under DPX mounting media (EM Sciences, Fort Washington, PA).
Image analysis
We stained and counted alternate sections from the TNC at the level of the decussation of the pyramids to the C2 cervical spinal cord for Fos-immunoreactive nuclei. After staining and mounting the sections, we binned the sections into four regions, the rostral portion at the level of the decussation of the pyramids (PYX), the caudal portion of TNC adjacent to C1 (TNC) and the two upper cervical levels C1 and C2. This arbitrary division yielded approximately 5 sections in each of the four bins. We counted the Fos-positive neurons in the first 3–4 fully intact sections from each bin. In addition, we determined the location of the Fos-positive neurons within superficial (laminae I–II) or the deeper layers (laminae III–V), using the dark field image of the tissue as the anatomical landmark. We counted Fos-positive nuclei within the posterior thalamic group in a similar manner, using the hippocampus and the lateral ventricle as the anatomical landmark. The individual thalamic nuclei are indistinct at this stage, but the formalin- and light-induced Fos-stained neurons appeared in a consistent posterior thalamic region that includes the lateral posterior (LP), central lateral (CL) and posterior (Po) thalamic nuclei, to which we refer as Po or the posterior thalamic group. To count pERK-positive cells within the central amygdala (CeA), we stained alternate (coronal) sections through this region and identified three sections from within a 240-µm rostrocaudal span within the middle of the CeA, where central lateral (CeL), central central (CeC), and central medial (CeM) parts of CeA are all clearly present, and counted all pERK positive cells in the CeA versus basolateral amygdala. The scorer manually counted all sections in all experiments while blinded to the experimental group and genotype of the animal. The data are presented as the mean of the average cell counts per section from each animal ± SEM. We made pair wise comparisons between dark and light conditions, using Student's t-test, with the criteria of significance set at p<0.05.
Results
Light evokes aversive but not acute pain-related vocalizations in neonatal mice
We recorded vocalizations from neonatal mouse pups, placed individually into a testing chamber (Figure 1). A majority of pups emitted ultrasonic vocalizations at 62-kHz initially, upon separation from their littermates (USVs; Videos S1 and S2) [20]. A period of 10–15 minutes in the dark was sufficient for pups to acclimate to the testing chamber and cease making isolation-induced 62-kHz USVs. A recording trial then consisted of a 60 second baseline in the dark, a 60 second exposure to light, followed by an additional 60 seconds of recording in the dark (Videos S3 and S4). We recorded both 62-kHz USVs distress calls, and audible squeals at 5-kHz [13]. We also monitored locomotor activity (head pivoting and complete turnarounds).
Figure 2A shows examples of 62-kHz USVs from 6 different wild type (WT) and 6 different melanopsin knockout (KO) animals. Figures 2B and 2C show the group data. During the 60-second exposure to light, 100% of WT pups (n = 22) exhibited increased locomotor activity and 91% exhibited increased number of 62-kHz USVs. These light-induced 62-kHz USVs were indistinguishable from isolation-induced USV calls. In contrast, only 8% of KO pups (n = 13) exhibited increased locomotor activity or 62-kHz USVs during light stimulation (Figure 2B,C). The absence of light-induced locomotor responses and USVs in KO pups is consistent with the melanopsin-expressing intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells (ipRGCs) being the photo sensors for these light induced behaviors [3].
(A) Raster plots of the 62-kHz USVs from six wild type (WT) and six melanopsin-knockout (KO) pups during one-minute periods before, during and after light exposure. Each tick represents a 62-kHz USV of an individual pup. (B) Percent responders to one-minute light were qualitatively assessed during the experiments. Locomotor response was considered positive if a pup turned around or produced vigorous head pivoting in response to light. No or very little movement was present in either WT or KO pups during one minute prior to light onset. Vocalization response was positive if a pup noticeably increased the number of 62-kHz USVs during exposure to light as compared to baseline. (C) Average number of 62-kHz USVs in the minute prior to turning light on (Dark) and during 1 minute of light (Light) in WT (n = 22) and KO (n = 13,) pups. The asterisk (*) indicates p<10−5. (D) Average number of 5-kHz squeals in the minute before and 1 minute after the onset of light or tail pinch in WT (n = 8) and KO (n = 10) pups. No 5-kHz squeals were present at any time during isolation, acclimation and light stimulation. Data are presented as mean values ± SEM.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0043787.g002
We also determined whether light evokes audible 5-kHz squeals. We confirmed that tail pinching evoked 5-kHz squeals in both WT and KO pups (Figure 2D). However, neither WT nor KO pups produced 5-kHz squeals before, during or after the light stimulation. Altogether, these results show that in neonatal mice, bright light evokes melanopsin-dependent 62-kHz distress calls but does not evoke 5-kHz pain-related audible squeals.
Light does not activate neurons in spinal trigeminal nucleus
In adult rats, bright light increases the number of Fos immunoreactive neurons and the electrophysiological activity of defined neurons in superficial laminae of the trigeminal nucleus caudalis (TNC) [4], [5]. We tested whether light elicits activity in the pain-related areas of the TNC in neonatal mice, by trying to detect of Fos expression in the upper cervical spinal cord covering C2 and C1, and rostrally through the trigeminal nucleus caudalis to the level of the area postrema and the decussation of the pyramids.
To establish whether TNC could be activated in neonatal mice, we injected formalin, a well-recognized nociceptive stimulus, into the supraorbital skin. We saw a robust increase of Fos positive neurons in the TNC (24±5 cells per section) from a baseline of 3±1 cells per section, confirming the existence of Fos-reactive pain pathways in these neonatal mice. Following a light stimulation procedure akin to that by Okamoto and colleagues [4], we stimulated awake, unanesthetized pups for 30 minutes, at a light intensity at least 1 log unit above the threshold required to elicit negative phototaxis and USVs. Light-induced Fos immunoreactive cells were not detectable in the TNC nuclei above the unstimulated baseline of 3±1 cells per section. Thus conditions of bright illumination sufficient to produce negative phototaxis behaviors were not sufficient to produce evidence for the activation of pain-reactive circuits in the trigeminal nucleus caudalis by Fos immunohistochemistry.
Light induces pERK expression in central amygdala
The lateral and capsular portion of the central amygdala (CeLC) is critical for the affective processing of aversive and painful stimuli [21]. In fact, Carrasquillo and Gereau [12] showed in adult rats that the phosphorylation of ERK (pERK) in the CeLC is necessary and sufficient for the expression of pain-related behaviors after the injection of formalin into the hind paw. Therefore, we chose to use pERK instead of Fos as the marker of neural activation in this region of amygdala. Our control injections of formalin into supraorbital skin of neonatal mice resulted in a 2-fold increase in the number of pERK-positive neurons in the CeLC (Figure 3; (WT Dark pups n = 8, WT Light pups n = 9).). Figure 3 also shows that light increased the number of pERK positive cells in CeLC. By contrast, light did not significantly change pERK expression in CeLC of the KO mice (KO Dark n = 5, KO Light n = 9). Light therefore produced a melanopsin-dependent activation of a cellular signal in the central amygdala similar to that of formalin, a known nociceptive stimulus.
(A) Line drawing indicating the region of interest within the basolateral (BLA), the medial (CeM) and lateral and capsular portions of the central (CeLC) amygdala. The boxed outline indicates the region of the amygdala represented in the micrographs to the right. (B) Example of pERK staining in a sham-treated P8 mouse pup that remained in the dark (WT Dark). (C) Example of pERK staining in P8 mouse pup exposed to light for 30 min (WT Light). (D) Quantification of the number of pERK-expressing neurons in CeLC and BLA areas. There were many fewer pERK-labeled cells within the CeM and BLA, and the BLA was counted as an out of region control. In WT pups, light produced a 1.6-fold increase in the number of pERK-expressing neurons (WT Dark pups n = 8 and WT Light pups n = 9). Supraorbital formalin injections produced a 2-fold increase in Fos staining compared to saline injections. (n = 4, both saline and formalin groups). Light did not induce pERK cells in KO mice (KO Dark n = 5, KO Light n = 9). Data are presented as means of the average number of pERK staining neurons in each animal ± SEM. Asterisks (*) indicate p<0.01.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0043787.g003
Light induces Fos expression in the posterior thalamic group of neonatal mice
To further investigate how light could be involved in the processing of aversive or painful stimuli, we looked at the pattern of neuronal activation in the posterior thalamic nuclear group (Po), as summarized in Figure 4. In adult rats, light-responsive neurons in the posterior thalamic group (Figure 4A) are activated by ipRGCs [6]. Animals maintained in the dark show low baseline numbers of Fos-reactive nuclei (Figure 4B). Exposure of normal wild-type pups to light produced an almost 3-fold increase in the number of neurons with Fos positive nuclei (Figure 4C; WT Dark n = 8, Light n = 9).). Control injection of formalin into the supraorbital skin of neonatal mice resulted in a 2-fold increase of Fos positive cells in Po (Figure 4D; n = 4 both saline and formalin groups), consistent with this region being responsive to nociceptive stimuli.
(A) Line drawing indicating the region of interest within the adult thalamus, which encompasses a group of nuclei that we refer to here as the posterior thalamic group (Po – see Methods). The boxed outline indicates the region of the thalamus shown in the micrographs to the right. (B) An example of Fos expression in a sham-treated P8 mouse pup that remained in the dark (WT Dark). (C) An example of Fos expression in a P8 mouse pup exposed to light for 30 min (WT Light). (D) Quantification of the number of Fos expressing neurons in Po. In WT pups, light increased the density of Fos cells 3 fold (Dark n = 8 and Light n = 9). Formalin injection increased the density of Fos stained cells by 1.9-fold compared to saline injections (n = 4 both saline and formalin groups). In KO pups, light increased Fos staining (KO Dark n = 5, KO Light n = 9). Data are presented as means of the average number of Fos staining neurons per section in each animal ± SEM. Asterisks indicate (*) p<0.05 and (**) p<0.001, respectively.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0043787.g004
To consider the melanopsin-dependence of this circuit, we conducted parallel experiments in melanopsin knock out mice (KO Dark n = 5, KO Light n = 9), and found that light failed to induce the high numbers of Fos-reactive nuclei in the posterior thalamic group (Figure 4D). Overall, the number of Fos positive cells in light-stimulated KO pups was comparable to WT pups in darkness. However, it was unexpected that the baseline number of Fos positive neurons in unstimulated animals was much lower in KO than in WT pups. Also unexpected, light did increase the overall number of Fos positive neurons in the melanopsin KO animals. These findings demonstrate that light does activate thalamic neurons in the posterior thalamic group, but that they may engage both melanopsin-dependent and melanopsin-independent signaling pathways (see Discussion).
Discussion
Previous studies revealed that light evokes an avoidance response during which rodent pups turn away from light [1]. Melanopsin-expressing intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells (ipRGCs) mediate this negative phototaxis between postnatal days 6 and 9 (P6–P9) [3]. Here we report that in neonatal mice of this age group, light also evokes melanopsin-dependent distress-like ultrasonic vocalizations (USVs). Light-induced USVs and negative phototaxis are accompanied by neural activation of the central amygdala (CeLC) and the posterior thalamic group (Po), brain regions involved in pain processing. In contrast, light does not evoke audible squeals, a behavioral marker of acute mechanical pain, and does not activate Fos expression in the trigeminal nucleus caudalis (TNC). We conclude that light evokes melanopsin-dependent vocalizations and patterns of neural activation associated with aversive but not acutely painful experience in neonatal mice.
Our results provide evidence that in neonatal mice responses to bright light are not processed neurally as mere reflexes, akin to pupillary constriction to light. First, light activates both the amygdala and Po, areas associated with the processing of the aversive and emotionally negative aspects of pain [21]–[23]. Second, light evokes avoidance locomotor responses and distress vocalizations, also associated with a range of aversive experiences. Therefore, responses to bright light are accompanied by aversive experience that is likely to include awareness and emotion.
We speculate that in neonatal mice, light-induced USVs and negative phototaxis are adaptive behaviors. The survival value of negative phototaxis, which would direct a pup that wandered into a lighted environment back to its nest, presumably located in a darkened area, would minimize exposure to predation. In addition, light-induced USVs appear to be indistinguishable from the isolation-induced USVs, which are known to elicit search and retrieval behaviors in both parents [13].
A novel finding of our study is that aversive behavioral responses to light in neonatal mice are accompanied by increased number of pERK positive neurons in CeLC. It would be of further interest to determine whether the light-aversive circuit involving CeLC is also retained in the adult rodents. Several lines of evidence in adult rodents support a strong connection between light and pain processing in the amygdala, and possibly through the pERK signaling pathway that we examined in the present experiments. First, the enhancement of CGRP signaling in transgenic mice overexpressing the human CGRP receptor component increases light avoidance [7], [8] and pain processing [24] in adult mice. Second, the central amygdala is a major target of CGRP signaling in the brain [10], [11], where it is an important modulator of behavioral responses to aversive and painful stimuli through its actions in the central amygdala [9]. Finally, activation of pERK in the central amygdala appears to be a critical signal in processing behavioral responses to painful stimuli [12]. To the extent that our findings in mice are transferrable to humans, we might expect amygdala to be also activated in both adult and neonatal human patients during episodes of photophobia.
The absence of a light-induced activation of the TNC in neonatal mice diverges from findings in adult rats. Okamoto et al. [4] reported that bright light stimulates Fos expression in pain-receptive areas of the TNC and proposed that light-induced dilation of the eye vasculature could be responsible for the activation of pain-responsive neurons within the TNC via afferents within the trigeminal nerve. The lack of a corresponding activation of the TNC in neonatal mice could be due to differences in species (mice vs. rats) or age (neonates vs. adults). At the age that we tested (P7–P9), trigeminal afferents or eye vasculature might be still immature. We ruled out the possible immaturity of pain-related trigeminal afferents by showing that supraorbital injection of formalin did stimulate the induction of Fos in the TNC of P8 neonatal mice, though this study did not formally exclude the electrophysiological activation of pain-receptive neurons in the TNC. On the other hand, the vasculature within the eye is still developing as late as P16 [25], which may account for our inability to observe light-induced activation of the TNC of neonatal mice.
Our experiments also revealed two seemingly perplexing results. First, the baseline of neural activity in Po is significantly lower in KO than in WT pups. The reason for this difference is currently unknown. The retinal ipRGCs could provide tonic excitation to Po or ipRGCs could modulate activity of other brain areas that relay their signals via Po. Further experiments are needed to determine whether melanopsin has a role in setting the basal level of neural activity in Po.
Second, there is a significant light-induced activation of Po in KO pups. This finding has not been reported previously. Since neonatal melanopsin knockout pups (<P10) have no rod or cone-based visual signaling in the eye and no intrinsic photoresponses from the melanopsin-expressing retinal ganglion cells or photosensitive cells in the iris, our finding that light exposure increases neuronal activation in Po implies the possibility of alternative photosensitive cells in the eye or brain. Expression of alternative opsin genes in the eye and brain has been reported (OPN3 encoding encephalopsin [26] and OPN5 encoding neuropsin [27]). We can't presently rule out the idea that one or both of these uncharacterized opsins are capable of signaling to Po at early developmental ages.
Even though our study did not attempt to identify the circuit linking ipRGCs to Po and CeLC, previous studies revealed the possibility of both direct and indirect pathways from ipRGCs in the retina to pain-responsive areas of the amygdala and thalamus. By selectively labeling axons of ipRGCs, Hattar et al. [28] showed that ipRGCs send direct axonal projections to the amygdala. In addition, Noseda et al. [6] provided anatomical and electrophysiological evidence that ipRGCs make direct connections with neurons in the posterior thalamic nuclei. Light signals from ipRGCs can also reach CeLC and Po indirectly via other relay nuclei such as lateral geniculate nucleus [29], [30]. Thus, further work is warranted to more precisely identify the neural pathways linking ipRGCs to CeLC and Po.
It remains to be tested whether light sensitizes responses to other sensory stimuli in neonates. In adult human migraineurs with photophobia, light can exacerbate cutaneous pain [31], [32]. In adult rats, light potentiates air puff-induced blink reflex [33]. However, light can also desensitize other responses. For example, in healthy human adults, light distracts from cutaneous pain in the forehead [31], [32].
Further studies are needed to determine the role of melanopsin photopigment in neonatal mice older than P9, which have developed functional rod and cone visual signaling. It is possible that once rods and cones start signaling, they can relay signal for aversive responses to light via either ipRGCs or other retinal ganglion cells. However, it is also possible that melanopsin photopigment itself is important for initiating the aversive responses. For example, melanopsin photopigment is required for light-induced induction of sleep in mice at night [34].
We speculate that by analogy to developing mice, developing human fetuses and preterm infants could also exhibit melanopsin-dependent aversive responses to light. Melanopsin is expressed as early as embryonic day 11 (E11) in mice [35] and gestational week 9 (GW9) in humans [36], well before the emergence of visual signaling from cones and rods, which is P10 in mice [3], [37] and GW30 in humans [38]. Since neonatal mice rely on melanopsin photopigment to initiate aversive responses to light, it is reasonable to suggest that even preterm human infants can also have melanopsin-dependent aversion to bright light. Therefore, modest accommodations to reduce overall distress in preterm infants being cared for in neonatal intensive care units would include limiting lighting conditions with significant power in the blue end of the visible spectrum (natural light and fluorescent lights [39]), which preferentially activates the melanopsin photopigment in the eye (maximum spectral sensitivity of human melanopsin is at the wavelength of 480 nm [40]).
Supporting Information
Video S1.
Video and audio recording of isolation-induced 62-kHz USVs in a P7 WT mouse pup. Recording duration is 5 sec. Ultrasonic calls are detected at 62-kHz and shifted to lower frequency range by heterodyne circuitry. Video recordings were done with an infrared camera.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0043787.s001
(MOV)
Video S2.
Video and auditory recording of isolation-induced 62-kHz USVs in a P7 KO mouse pup. Recording duration is 4 sec.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0043787.s002
(MOV)
Video S3.
Video and audio recording of locomotor and USVs from a P7 WT mouse pup. First minute of recording shows the pup in darkness. Second minute is during light stimulation. Third segment shows next minute in darkness. Total duration is 3:06 min.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0043787.s003
(MOV)
Acknowledgments
The authors thank Patrick McQuillen and Jan Rodrigo Hoffmann for helpful comments on the manuscript.
Author Contributions
Conceived and designed the experiments: AD AML DRC AHA. Performed the experiments: AD AML DRC AHA. Analyzed the data: AD AML DRC AHA. Contributed reagents/materials/analysis tools: DRC AHA. Wrote the paper: AD DRC AHA. Designed software used in analysis: AD. Obtained mouse line: DRC. Fabricated stimulator: DRC AD.
References
- 1. Crozier WJ, Pincus G (1927) Phototropism in young rats. J Gen Physiol 10: 407–417. doi: 10.1085/jgp.10.3.407
- 2. Routtenberg A, Strop M, Jerdan J (1978) Response of the infant rat to light prior to eyelid opening: mediation by the superior colliculus. Dev Psychobiol 11: 469–478 doi:10.1002/dev.420110510. doi: 10.1002/dev.420110510
- 3. Johnson J, Wu V, Donovan M, Majumdar S, Rentería RC, et al. (2010) Melanopsin-dependent light avoidance in neonatal mice. Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 107: 17374–17378 doi:10.1073/pnas.1008533107. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1008533107
- 4. Okamoto K, Thompson R, Tashiro A, Chang Z, Bereiter DA (2009) Bright light produces Fos-positive neurons in caudal trigeminal brainstem. Neuroscience 160: 858–864 doi:10.1016/j.neuroscience.2009.03.003. doi: 10.1016/j.neuroscience.2009.03.003
- 5. Okamoto K, Tashiro A, Chang Z, Bereiter DA (2010) Bright light activates a trigeminal nociceptive pathway. Pain 149: 235–242 doi:10.1016/j.pain.2010.02.004. doi: 10.1016/j.pain.2010.02.004
- 6. Noseda R, Kainz V, Jakubowski M, Gooley JJ, Saper CB, et al. (2010) A neural mechanism for exacerbation of headache by light. Nat Neurosci Available:.
- 7. Recober A, Kuburas A, Zhang Z, Wemmie JA, Anderson MG, et al. (2009) Role of calcitonin gene-related peptide in light-aversive behavior: implications for migraine. J Neurosci 29: 8798–8804 doi:10.1523/JNEUROSCI.1727-09.2009. doi: 10.1523/jneurosci.1727-09.2009
- 8. Recober A, Kaiser EA, Kuburas A, Russo AF (2010) Induction of multiple photophobic behaviors in a transgenic mouse sensitized to CGRP. Neuropharmacology 58: 156–165 doi:10.1016/j.neuropharm.2009.07.009. doi: 10.1016/j.neuropharm.2009.07.009
- 9. Han JS, Li W, Neugebauer V (2005) Critical role of calcitonin gene-related peptide 1 receptors in the amygdala in synaptic plasticity and pain behavior. J Neurosci 25: 10717–10728 doi:10.1523/JNEUROSCI.4112-05.2005. doi: 10.1523/jneurosci.4112-05.2005
- 10. Yasui Y, Saper CB, Cechetto DF (1991) Calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) immunoreactive projections from the thalamus to the striatum and amygdala in the rat. J Comp Neurol 308: 293–310 doi:10.1002/cne.903080212. doi: 10.1002/cne.903080212
- 11. Dobolyi A, Irwin S, Makara G, Usdin TB, Palkovits M (2005) Calcitonin gene-related peptide-containing pathways in the rat forebrain. J Comp Neurol 489: 92–119 doi:10.1002/cne.20618. doi: 10.1002/cne.20618
- 12. Carrasquillo Y, Gereau RW (2007) Activation of the extracellular signal-regulated kinase in the amygdala modulates pain perception. J Neurosci 27: 1543–1551 doi:10.1523/JNEUROSCI.3536-06.2007. doi: 10.1523/jneurosci.3536-06.2007
- 13. Haack B, Markl H, Ehret G (1983) Sound communication between parents and offspring. The Auditory Psychobiology of the Mouse. Charles C Thomas Pub Ltd 57–97.
- 14. Hofer MA, Shair HN, Brunelli SA (2002) Ultrasonic vocalizations in rat and mouse pups. Curr Protoc Neurosci Chapter 8: Unit 8.14 doi:10.1002/0471142301.ns0814s17. doi: 10.1002/0471142301.ns0814s17
- 15. Lasky RE, Williams AL (2009) Noise and light exposures for extremely low birth weight newborns during their stay in the neonatal intensive care unit. Pediatrics 123: 540–546 doi:10.1542/peds.2007–3418. doi: 10.1542/peds.2007-3418
- 16. Morag I, Ohlsson A (2011) Cycled light in the intensive care unit for preterm and low birth weight infants. Cochrane Database Syst Rev CD006982 doi:10.1002/14651858.CD006982.pub2. doi: 10.1002/14651858.cd006982.pub2
- 17. Shogan MG, Schumann LL (1993) The effect of environmental lighting on the oxygen saturation of preterm infants in the NICU. Neonatal Netw 12: 7–13.
- 18. Qiu J (2006) Infant pain: does it hurt? Nature 444: 143–145 doi:10.1038/444143a. doi: 10.1038/444143a
- 19. Panda S, Provencio I, Tu DC, Pires SS, Rollag MD, et al. (2003) Melanopsin is required for non-image-forming photic responses in blind mice. Science 301: 525–527 doi:10.1126/science.1086179. doi: 10.1126/science.1086179
- 20. Lemasson M, Delbé C, Gheusi G, Vincent J-D, Lledo P-M (2005) Use of ultrasonic vocalizations to assess olfactory detection in mouse pups treated with 3-methylindole. Behav Processes 68: 13–23 doi:10.1016/j.beproc.2004.09.001. doi: 10.1016/j.beproc.2004.09.001
- 21. Bernard JF, Bester H, Besson JM (1996) Involvement of the spino-parabrachio -amygdaloid and -hypothalamic pathways in the autonomic and affective emotional aspects of pain. Prog Brain Res 107: 243–255. doi: 10.1016/s0079-6123(08)61868-3
- 22. Phillips ML, Drevets WC, Rauch SL, Lane R (2003) Neurobiology of emotion perception II: Implications for major psychiatric disorders. Biol Psychiatry 54: 515–528. doi: 10.1016/s0006-3223(03)00171-9
- 23. Craig ADB (2003) Pain mechanisms: labeled lines versus convergence in central processing. Annu Rev Neurosci 26: 1–30 doi:10.1146/annurev.neuro.26.041002.131022. doi: 10.1146/annurev.neuro.26.041002.131022
- 24. Marquez de Prado B, Hammond DL, Russo AF (2009) Genetic enhancement of calcitonin gene-related Peptide-induced central sensitization to mechanical stimuli in mice. J Pain 10: 992–1000 doi:10.1016/j.jpain.2009.03.018. doi: 10.1016/j.jpain.2009.03.018
- 25. Ito M, Yoshioka M (1999) Regression of the hyaloid vessels and pupillary membrane of the mouse. Anat Embryol 200: 403–411. doi: 10.1007/s004290050289
- 26. Blackshaw S, Snyder SH (1999) Encephalopsin: a novel mammalian extraretinal opsin discretely localized in the brain. J Neurosci 19: 3681–3690.
- 27. Tarttelin EE, Bellingham J, Hankins MW, Foster RG, Lucas RJ (2003) Neuropsin (Opn5): a novel opsin identified in mammalian neural tissue. FEBS Lett 554: 410–416. doi: 10.1016/s0014-5793(03)01212-2
- 28. Hattar S, Kumar M, Park A, Tong P, Tung J, et al. (2006) Central projections of melanopsin-expressing retinal ganglion cells in the mouse. J Comp Neurol 497: 326–349 doi:10.1002/cne.20970. doi: 10.1002/cne.20970
- 29.. doi: 10.1371/journal.pbio.1000558
- 30. Brown TM, Wynne J, Piggins HD, Lucas RJ (2011) Multiple hypothalamic cell populations encoding distinct visual information. J Physiol (Lond) 589: 1173–1194 doi:10.1113/jphysiol.2010.199877. doi: 10.1113/jphysiol.2010.199877
- 31. Drummond PD, Woodhouse A (1993) Painful stimulation of the forehead increases photophobia in migraine sufferers. Cephalalgia 13: 321–324. doi: 10.1046/j.1468-2982.1993.1305321.x
- 32. Kowacs PA, Piovesan EJ, Werneck LC, Tatsui CE, Lange MC, et al. (2001) Influence of intense light stimulation on trigeminal and cervical pain perception thresholds. Cephalalgia 21: 184–188. doi: 10.1046/j.1468-2982.2001.00178.x
- 33. Dolgonos S, Ayyala H, Evinger C (2011) Light-Induced Trigeminal Sensitization without Central Visual Pathways: Another Mechanism for Photophobia. Invest Ophthalmol Vis Sci 52: 7852–7858 doi:10.1167/iovs.11-7604. doi: 10.1167/iovs.11-7604
- 34. Lupi D, Oster H, Thompson S, Foster RG (2008) The acute light-induction of sleep is mediated by OPN4-based photoreception. Nat Neurosci 11: 1068–1073. doi: 10.1038/nn.2179
- 35. Provencio I, Rodriguez IR, Jiang G, Hayes WP, Moreira EF, et al. (2000) A novel human opsin in the inner retina. J Neurosci 20: 600–605.
- 36. Tarttelin EE, Bellingham J, Bibb LC, Foster RG, Hankins MW, et al. (2003) Expression of opsin genes early in ocular development of humans and mice. Exp Eye Res 76: 393–396. doi: 10.1016/s0014-4835(02)00300-7
- 37. Tian N, Copenhagen DR (2003) Visual stimulation is required for refinement of ON and OFF pathways in postnatal retina. Neuron 39: 85–96. doi: 10.1016/s0896-6273(03)00389-1
- 38. Hamilton R, Dudgeon J, Bradnam MS, Mactier H (2005) Development of the electroretinogram between 30 and 50 weeks after conception. Early Hum Dev 81: 461–464 doi:10.1016/j.earlhumdev.2004.10.019. doi: 10.1016/j.earlhumdev.2004.10.019
- 39. Thorington L (1985) Spectral, irradiance, and temporal aspects of natural and artificial light. Ann N Y Acad Sci 453: 28–54. doi: 10.1111/j.1749-6632.1985.tb11796.x
- 40. Do MTH, Yau K-W (2010) Intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells. Physiol Rev 90: 1547–1581 doi:10.1152/physrev.00013.2010. doi: 10.1152/physrev.00013.2010Our history - The historical website of the Montreal CanadiensBack to homepage Back to homepage
- Players
- Stanley cups
- Seasons
- Greatest moments
- Club
- Stats
- Media gallery
Steven
1952-1963
Fletcher
Statistiques
Steven Fletcher was the Calgary Flames tenth-round pick and the 202nd overall selection at the 1980 NHL Entry Draft. He signed with the Canadiens as a free agent on August 21, 1984. The left-winger played his only game with the Habs on April 22, 1987. It was the third playoff game of the Adams Division finals against the Boston Bruins. Fletcher was assessed a five minute fighting major for dropping the gloves with Lyndon Byers in the Canadiens 3-1 loss to the Bruins at Boston Garden. Fletcher also spent time as a member of the Winnipeg Jets, playing three games with the team in 1988-89 after signing as a free agent with theFrom the Institute of Ophthalmology and Visual Science, the Universityof Medicine and Dentistry–New Jersey Medical School, Newark, (Dr Roy);Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences, Madison, Wis (Drs R. Kleinand B. E. K. Klein and Mr Moss); Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics,School of Public Health and Health Services, Washington, DC (Ms O'Colmain);Macro International Inc, Calverton, Md (Ms O'Colmain); Department of Ophthalmology,The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine (Dr Kempen), and Departmentof Epidemiology, Bloomberg School of Public Health, Baltimore, Md (Dr Kempen).The authors have no relevant financial interest in this article.
Objective
To estimate the US prevalence of diabetic retinopathy (DR) among personswith type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM).
Methods
Prevalence data from the New Jersey 725 and Wisconsin EpidemiologicStudy of Diabetic Retinopathy were used to estimate the prevalence of DR byage, gender, and race among persons 18 years and older having type 1 DM diagnosedbefore age 30 years. Severity of DR was determined via masked grading of 7-fieldstereoscopic fundus photographs. Any DR was defined as retinopathy severitylevel of 14 or more; and vision-threatening retinopathy, as retinopathy severitylevel of 50 or more, the presence of clinically significant macular edema,or both. The estimates of the prevalence of DR among persons with type 1 DMwere applied to the estimated number of persons with type 1 DM diagnosed beforeage 30 years in the 2000 US population to obtain prevalence estimates of DRdue to type 1 DM in the general population.
Results
Among 209 million Americans 18 years and older, an estimated 889 000have type 1 DM diagnosed before age 30 years. Among persons with type 1 DM,the crude prevalences of DR of any level (74.9% vs 82.3% in black and whitepersons, respectively) and of vision-threatening retinopathy (30.0% vs 32.2%,respectively) are high. The prevalence of DR due to type 1 DM diagnosed beforeage 30 years in the general population 18 years and older is estimated at767 000 persons having DR of any level (0.37%), and 376 000 personshaving vision-threatening retinopathy (0.18%).
Conclusion
Retinopathy due to type 1 DM is an important public health problem inthe United States, affecting 1 per 300 persons 18 years and older, and 1 per600 persons with advanced, vision-threatening retinopathy.
Diabetic retinopathy (DR), the most common ocular complication of diabetesmellitus (DM), is the leading cause of new cases of legal blindness in Americansaged 20 through 74 years, despite the fact that visual loss due to DR maybe preventable either through better glycemic control or photocoagulationtreatments.1- 4 Forthis article, the goal of the Eye Diseases Prevalence Research Group is toestimate the prevalence of DR in the United States specifically attributableto type 1 DM.5
The prevalence of DR among persons with type 1 DM has been previouslyreported in 2 large cohorts of patients: whites (the Wisconsin EpidemiologicStudy of Diabetic Retinopathy [WESDR])6 andblacks (the New Jersey 725).7,8 Thepurpose of this article is (1) to estimate the prevalence of DR by age, gender,and race in persons with type 1 DM using data from those 2 studies, and (2)to estimate the prevalence of DR due to type 1 DM in the general populationby applying the stratum-specific prevalence estimates of DR to the estimatednumber of persons with type 1 DM diagnosed before age 30 years derived fromthe National Health Interview Survey9 and the2000 US Census.10
Data on patients aged 18 years and older from 2 cross-sectional prevalencestudies, the New Jersey 725 and the WESDR, were used to estimate the prevalenceof DR among persons with type 1 DM.6- 8 Patientsincluded in the New Jersey 725 were identified from among 39 710 AfricanAmericans, all of whom had a diagnosis of DM and were discharged between January1, 1982, and December 31, 1996, from 31 hospitals located in 7 counties withina 20-mile radius of the New Jersey Medical School, Newark. Of 875 patientshaving type 1 DM whose condition had been diagnosed before the patient was30 years old and who were receiving insulin therapy, 725 (83%) were enrolledin the study.7 In the WESDR, 996 younger-onsetpersons diagnosed as having DM before age 30 years who were taking insulinwere identified from among 10 135 patients with DM who received primarycare in an 11-county area in southern Wisconsin from 1979 to 1980.6 In both studies, DR was ascertained by masked gradingof stereoscopic color fundus photographs of the 7 standard fields using themodified Airlie House classification of Diabetic Retinopathy and Early Treatmentof Diabetic Retinopathy Study (ETDRS) severity scale.11,12
For both the New Jersey 725 and the WESDR, color fundus photographswere graded for DR by the Wisconsin Fundus Photograph Reading Center, Madison.For each eye, the maximum grade in any of the 7 standard photographic fieldswas used to define the retinopathy level according to the ETDRS severity scale.12 Subsequently, the retinopathy level for a participantwas determined, based on the worse eye. If the retinopathy severity couldnot be graded in 1 eye, the subject was considered to have a score equivalentto that in the gradable eye. Clinically significant macular edema (CSME) wasdefined as thickening of the retina with or without partial loss of retinaltransparency at or within 500 µm of the center of the macula; or ashard exudates at or within 500 µm of the center of the macula associatedwith thickening of the adjacent retina; or as an area of retinal thickening1 disc diameter (DD) or larger, any part of which was within 1 DD of the centerof the macula.13 If macular edema could notbe graded in an eye, the participant was assigned the score of the other eye.
Eyes that could not be graded—because of opacities of the media,phthisis, or enucleation—were initially classified as "cannot grade."For such persons, review of all previous medical records was done subsequentto the study visit. When a history of panretinal photocoagulation for proliferativeDR or pars plana vitrectomy for complications of proliferative DR was identified,then the retinopathy level was scored as 85. Persons who had an ETDRS gradingof less than 50 at the time of examination and had previously received laserphotocoagulation for proliferative DR, as documented by medical record review,were classified as grade 61.
For the purpose of this article, the severity scales were collapsedinto the following categories based on the consensus of the Eye Diseases PrevalenceResearch Group:
Mild nonproliferative DR (level 14 up to, but not including level40)
Moderate nonproliferative DR (level 40 up to, but not includinglevel 50)
Severe DR (level ≥50, including severe nonproliferative andproliferative retinopathy)
Composite outcomes are defined as follows: (1) DR of any level, consistingof "mild," "moderate," or "severe" retinopathy, CSME, or any combination thereof;and, (2) vision-threatening DR (VTDR), consisting of severe retinopathy, CSME,or both.
The composite outcomes were used as the primary outcomes for this article,respectively, indicating (1) the presence of any level of DR and (2) a levelof DR likely to result in vision loss in the absence of laser photocoagulationtreatment.
Included in both studies were patients with type 1 DM whose conditionswere diagnosed and treated with insulin before the patients were 30 yearsold and who were receiving insulin therapy.6- 8,14 Inthe New Jersey 725 study, African Americans who had the onset of DM beforeage 30 years but were not receiving insulin therapy were excluded.15 Age at onset of DM was taken as the age at whichthe diagnosis was first recorded by a physician on the patient's medical recordor in a hospital medical record. Subjects' current age was defined as theage at the baseline examination. Race of the African Americans was determinedfrom the hospital record and later confirmed by self-identification.
The age-, gender-, and race-specific prevalences of DR of any leveland of VTDR among persons with type 1 DM are given for the following age categories:18 through 39, 40 through 49, and 50 years and older. Prevalence for whiteand black persons was taken directly as reported in the WESDR and New Jersey725 studies. Owing to lack of published data on the prevalence of DR due totype 1 DM for Hispanic persons and "other" race/ethnicity groups, the prevalenceof DR in these populations was estimated using an unweighted average of theprevalence estimates for white and black persons. Since other race/ethnicitygroups make up approximately 17% of the US population, these estimates werederived solely to provide some broad indication of the number of persons inthese populations with DR due to type 1 DM.
To determine the number of individuals with DR due to type 1 DM in theUS general population, an estimate of the total number of persons with type1 DM diagnosed before age 30 years in each age-, gender-, and race-stratumwas derived based on data from the National Health Interview Survey whichgathers data from a nationally representative sample of civilian, noninstitutionalizedpersons residing in the United States.9 Personsanswering yes to the questions "Have you ever been told by a doctor or healthprofessional that you have diabetes or sugar diabetes" and "Are you now takinginsulin" and also reporting age first diagnosed with DM as being younger than30 years represented 0.38%, 0.48%, and 0.41% of the national population 18years and older in 1999, 2000, and 2001, respectively. The average overallprevalence for these 3 years (4.25/1000) was used to extrapolate to the 2000US population 18 years and older, arriving at an estimated 889 000 personshaving type 1 DM diagnosed before age 30 years. The prevalence of DR amongpersons with type 1 DM was then applied to the estimates of the number ofpersons with type 1 DM in each age-, gender-, and race-specific stratum, resultingin stratum-specific estimates of the prevalence of DR (of any level and ofVTDR) among persons with type 1 DM in the 2000 US population.
Tests for age-, gender-, and race-effects were conducted for DR of anylevel and for VTDR, as well as for mild, moderate, and severe DR, and forCSME. Gender differences were evaluated using the Mantel-Haenszel stratified-adjustedestimate of the relative risk with test inverted confidence limits. Similarly,racial differences were evaluated using the Mantel-Haenszel stratified-adjustedestimate of the relative risk adjusting for age and gender. The Cochran-Armitagetest for trend and the Mantel-Haenszel χ2 test for generalassociation were used to evaluate age effects. Data analyses were conductedfollowing approval by the institutional review board of the The Johns HopkinsSchool of Medicine, Baltimore, Md, and followed the principles of the Declarationof Helsinki.
Two studies contributed data on DR in persons with type 1 DM, of whom594 were black (the New Jersey 725) and 790 were white (the WESDR). The originalstudies considered persons of all ages; in this study, only persons 18 yearsand older are included. Characteristics of the subjects with type 1 DM fromthe 2 studies are given in Table 1.
Among persons with type 1 DM, the crude prevalences of both DR of anylevel (74.9% among black and 82.3% among white persons) and VTDR (30.2% and32.2%, respectively) were high, but similar in both racial groups. The prevalencesof DR of any level and of VTDR increased significantly with age for both menand women (test for trend, P <.001, for both DRof any level and VTDR). However, the prevalence for men aged 50 years andolder tended to level off or decrease, whereas the prevalence for women aged50 years and older continued to increase, more so among black than among whitewomen (Table 2). The prevalenceof CSME increased significantly with age among white women (test for trend, P = .05), and even more so among black women (test fortrend, P = .03), but not in either white (test fortrend, P = .42) or black (test for trend, P = .78) men. After controlling for gender and race, tests of the associationbetween age and DR of any level, VTDR, severe DR, and CSME were all statisticallysignificant (χ2 test, P <.001 ineach instance).
Gender differences in the prevalence of DR among persons with type 1DM also were observed. After adjusting for age and race, women were more likelyto have DR of any level than men (relative risk [RR] = 1.04; 95% confidenceinterval [CI], 0.99-1.10), mainly owing to a higher prevalence of mild DR(RR = 1.24; 95% CI, 1.09-1.42). However, men were more likely to have VTDRthan women (RR = 1.17; 95% CI, 1.01-1.36), largely because of a higher prevalenceof CSME among black men compared with black women (RR = 1.94; 95% CI, 1.20-3.12),and a higher prevalence of severe DR among white men compared with white women(RR = 1.24; 95% CI, 1.01-1.52). The prevalence of moderate DR (RR = 1.14;95% CI, 0.86-1.53) was not significantly different for men compared with women.
After adjusting for age and gender, black persons with type 1 DM tendedto have a lower prevalence of DR of any level than did white persons withtype 1 DM (RR = 0.92; 95% CI, 0.87-0.97), but they had a similar prevalenceof VTDR (RR = 0.99; 95% CI, 0.85-1.15). However, black persons with type 1DM were more likely to have CSME than white persons with type 1 DM (RR = 1.43;95% CI ,1.01-2.03). This difference was most pronounced for black men comparedwith white men (RR = 1.67; 95% CI, 1.05-2.63). The prevalences of mild, moderate,and severe DR were slightly higher among white than among black persons, butdifferences were not statistically significant.
The estimated prevalences of DR of any level and of VTDR in the generalpopulation are given in Table 3.In the United States an estimated 889 000 persons (0.43%) have type 1DM diagnosed before age 30 years; of these, approximately 767 000 (86.4%)have DR of any level and 376 000 (42.1%) have VTDR. The estimated prevalencesof DR of any level and VTDR in the general population are 0.37% and 0.18%,respectively.
The results of this analysis indicate that DR due to type 1 DM is commonin the United States. Approximately 86% of persons with type 1 DM have DRof any level and 42% have VTDR. In the general population, DR due to type1 DM is a major public health problem, with 1 per 300 adults (767 000)having DR of any level, and 1 per 600 adults (376 000) having VTDR. Additionalpersons would have DR due to older-onset type 1 DM diagnosed at or after age30 years. However, because specific data on the prevalence of DR due to older-onsettype 1 DM are unavailable from population-based surveys, it was impossibleto obtain an overall estimate of the burden of DR because of type 1 DM. Inthis article, only estimates for persons with type 1 DM diagnosed before age30 years are reported. An accompanying article provides estimates for theoverall prevalence of DR in persons aged 40 years and older.5
The estimated population prevalences of DR of any level and of VTDRare highest in the 40- through 49-year and the 50-year-and-older age groups,most likely because older persons who had the onset of DM prior to age 30years had a longer average duration of disease. The prevalence of DR in thegeneral population declines thereafter, reflecting a decreasing prevalenceof type 1 DM in older age groups (possibly due to early mortality among personswith type 1 DM).
White women with type 1 DM were more likely to have mild DR than whitemen, and white men had a higher prevalence of VTDR than white women, supportinga previous report of greater severity of DR among men compared with womenin white persons with type 1 DM.16 Among blackand white persons with type 1 DM, the prevalence of DR of any level increasedsignificantly with age, reaching more than 95% in those aged 40 years andolder. Among persons with type 1 DM, the prevalence of VTDR and of CSME didnot increase uniformly with age across either gender or race. The prevalenceof VTDR among black and white men with type 1 DM increased with age from the18- through 39- to 40-through 49-year age group, but then declined for thoseaged 50 years and older. In contrast, the prevalence of VTDR among black womenwith type 1 DM increased significantly with age, and black women aged 50 yearsand older had a significantly higher risk of VTDR than white women of thesame age. The greater severity of DR observed among black women in New Jerseywas consistent with self-reported blindness registry data that indicated thatnonwhite women were 3 times more likely to be blind from DR than any otherrace-gender subgroup.17
There were also differences between black and white persons with type1 DM in that the frequency of CSME was much higher among black persons, particularlyamong black men. Among black men, the frequency of macular edema has beenpreviously shown to be associated with the presence of renal disease, whichitself is more prevalent among black (particularly men) than among white persons.18- 20 In a clinic-basedstudy, Arfken et al21 previously reported nosignificant differences in either the prevalence or severity of DR when comparing58 African Americans with 142 white subjects with type 1 DM. In that study,however, there were no data regarding frequency of macular edema.
The strengths of the current article are that both the New Jersey 725and WESDR had similar inclusion criteria (age at onset of DM <30 yearswas used) and used gold standard determinations of the outcomes (masked gradingby the same reading center of retinal photographs of 7 standard fields usingthe ETDRS severity scale). Limitations include the fact that the studies wereconducted about 15 years apart in different geographic locations. The olderWESDR data may overestimate the current prevalence of DR of any level andVTDR because glycemic and blood pressure control have probably improved inthe general population during the interval. These changes in clinical practicehave probably decreased the incidence of DR but may also have improved survival,which would affect the prevalence of DR in opposite directions. Also, differencesin the methods of obtaining population-based samples or other differencesbetween study protocols could have given rise to apparent racial differencesbecause neither study simultaneously evaluated both racial groups.
Estimates of the prevalence of DR due to type 1 DM in the general populationmust also be interpreted with caution since only a general estimate of theprevalence of type 1 DM in the United States was available, thus, limitingthe ability to accurately assess the total number of persons with type 1 DMfor each age-, gender-, and race-specific stratum. Racial/ethnic differencesas well as gender and age differences in the incidence of type 1 DM have beenreported, but no reliable national data on the prevalence of type 1 DM inthese populations are available.22 The estimatesof the prevalence of DR due to type 1 DM for other races/ethnicities werebased on extrapolation of the rates for white and black persons and, thus,may not accurately reflect the true prevalence in these populations. However,our results provide some measure of the burden of DR due to type 1 DM in theUnited States and may, thus, serve as a useful guide regarding public healthpolicies and research priorities until more satisfactory data regarding theprevalence of type 1 DM in the United States by age, gender, and race/ethnicityand by the prevalence of DR due to type 1 DM in racial/ethnic groups otherthan blacks and whites become available.
In addition, there may be about 0.31% of the US population aged 30 through74 years who have older-onset type 1 DM (onset at age ≥30 years) and anunknown number of adults identified with type 2 DM who slowly become insulindependent.23 Our studies only evaluated DRin individuals having type 1 DM diagnosed before age 30 years. Thus, we areunable to accurately assess the nature and severity of DR in persons witholder-onset type 1 DM. The omission of individuals with older-onset type 1DM would lead to underestimates of DR due to type 1 DM in the general population.Therefore, the burden of DR due to type 1 DM in the general population maybe as much as 2 times higher than the estimates provided here for DR due toyounger-onset type 1 DM only.
In the United States, the prevalence of DR due to type 1 DM is high.An estimated 767 000 persons aged 18 years and older in the US generalpopulation have DR of any level, 1 per 300 adult persons. An estimated 376 000persons in this age range have VTDR, 1 per 600 adult persons. The prevalenceof DR is expected to increase substantially by 2020, driven by an increasingprevalence of DM over time with the aging of the US population, in combinationwith anticipated increases in the age-specific prevalence of DM. Because DRis a substantial public health problem, public and private policy effortsdirected toward improving primary and secondary prevention programs are warranted.
Corresponding author and reprints: Monique S. Roy, MD, Departmentof Ophthalmology, University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey–NewJersey Medical School, 90 Bergen St, Room 6164, Newark, NJ 07101-1709 (e-mail: Roymo@umdnj.edu).
Submitted for publication August 6, 2003; final revision received December30, 2003; accepted December 30, 2003.
This study was supported by grants RO1 EY 09860 (Dr Roy), EY03083 (DrsKlein and Klein), and EY00386 (Dr Kempen) from the National Eye Institute,Bethesda, Md; and a Lew Wasserman Merit Award from Research to Prevent Blindness,New York, NY (Dr.Video: Kevin Durant is pretty good at flag football, too
Nov 1, 2011, 11:13 AM EDT
Here’s some video of Kevin Durant doing something very Durant — playing flag football with some college kids. This whole thing came together because an OSU student simply responded to KD on twitter. Durant had asked if there were any games, the student responded he was playing in one up at Oklahoma State in Stillwater, and the rest is history.
What other NBA superstar would drop everything one night to go play some intramural flag football with strangers? Got to love Durant. This is not a facade, this is who he is.
The video also shows that Durant is a better athlete than your average college student. But we probably knew that)CES 2014 and 3D Printing – The End of Technology Evangelism?
by Pete Basiliere | January 12, 2014 | 2 Comments
Sometimes bad weather and cancelled travel plans work to your advantage.
I could not make my way to Las Vegas for last week’s Consumer Electronic Show because of the debilitating cold throughout most of the country. Well, debilitating for the airlines anyway.
The change gave me three days without planned meetings – and the time to watch news conferences and presentations, as well as to read press releases, news stories and blogs – about what was happening with 3D printing at CES.
With that came clarity: Consumer 3D printing has moved beyond needing technology evangelists to market itself.
Technology evangelism was necessary in the beginning, absolutely. And there is nothing wrong with the unbridled enthusiasm that evangelists brought and continue to bring to the market. As Bre Pettis said in a Headline News interview, “It’s actually really helpful to think about the wild ideas, because from that, interesting things can arise.”
Yet in the five years since MakerBot was the first and only 3D printer manufacturer to participate, the number of 3D print exhibiters grew to roughly 30. Even 2013 Gartner Cool Vendor Regenovo, the Chinese manufacturer that sells a bioprinter (hardly a consumer item), was at CES.
At some point, technology evangelism loses its effectiveness as the primary tool for driving consumer awareness, curiosity and sales. The 3D printing market has reached that point.
Consumer 3D printer manufacturers, as well as the related software providers and online file repositories, must accelerate this transition. They must shift from messaging that says “This does cool stuff, you’ve just got to buy one” to coupling the “Wow!” factor still present in 3D printing with consumer evangelists who will advocate for them.
Retailers, too, play an important role in this transition. Selfridges is a great example – not only does it have a department in its store selling MakieLab’s wonderful 3D printed dolls but they also demonstrate how the printers work to the Dads and Moms who brought their children to the store – and is useful at home. The result is two generations of consumer evangelists.
Category:
Tags: 3-d-print 3d-print 3d-printer 3d-systems alice-taylor bre-pettis ces consumer-electronics-show makerbot makielab makies regenovo
Thoughts on CES 2014 and 3D Printing – The End of Technology Evangel the interesting thoughts
in your blog on CES 2014 and 3D Printing.
Cheers
my web blog web site
Thanks for this post with us. these 3D printing is really in trend..I really like to read this blog. 3D printing is really an awesome way of making your imagination real.I'm converting an OLD bathroom (cast iron claw foot tub - original) to a shower enclosure and find the waste line is 1 1/2". It's well vented, but, looking at the code, a Shower requires a 2" waste even though it's only rated at 2 DFUs. Can someone please explain this to me? To me, the shower has FAR less flow than a full bathtub with the plug pulled (especially given low flow rate shower heads). Why on earth does it require a 2" drain??? Tom32 NFL Greats To Announce 2nd & 3rd Round Draft Picks In Primetime
ONE FAN TO HELP ANNOUNCE PICK OF HIS/HER FAVORITE TEAM
The National Football League announced that 32 legendary NFL alumni, one representing each team, will announce live on Friday, April 26, second or third-round Draft picks from Radio City Music Hall..
# # #Critique my list & need some help for Barcelona, San Sebastian, Rioja, Madrid
I would go to patka before ABac even though Abac has two stars . Patka will get stars when the new list comes out .
Casual fine , but no flip flops or shorts .
In Madrid you could try casa Salvador one of Madrids oldest Resturants good food old school ways !
Maybe you could try casa Salvador for lunch .
Bangkok street food and thai restaurants
the krua apsom is on Thanon tsnow opposite 8 on the map next to the bus stop . Enjoy
Heres a map of great street food there is also a krua apsom in the area been there and heydana is right its great . But I think they have 3 locations !...
The only thing I would change is pakta for tickets been to both and patka is by far the greater experience .
Last Night Barcelona..where to go??
Hi went to tickets last trip going to pakta this trip I know your doing 2 in the group all ready but did you think of 41 degrees ? I love dos pallios also I loved Koy Shunka , both have one star. Enjoy .
Barcalona food trip 6 nights tell me what you think
Arrive Sunday at 10am on the 4th of November Sunday lunch at Koy ShunkaSunday evening going to the Nou Camp.
Monday Lunch grescaMonday. Evening Hisop
Tuesday lunch. FreeTuesday. Evening Manaro
Wednesday lunch free Wednesday. Evening Tickets
Thursday. Lunch dos palillos Thursday. Evening. 41 degrees
Friday lunch free Friday evening Comerc 24
Thats te update tell me what you think ?
ABac or comerc24
Which one ? made two bookings but can only make the one Resturant which one would you choose ?Thanks
BBC article on food culture in Catalonia (Sept 26, 2012)
It's so odd that it's only available to those outside uk . Very disappointting the BBC that is .
I've cancelled cinc sentits for 41 degrees and I might cancel ABac for comerc 24 what do you think?
Comerc 24 who's been ?
No not yet , not going till November would love to know what you think pls let me know . Thanks
Has anyone been . I have seen very mixed reviews on this place from amazing to dreadful , Just booked for a Thursday night but might change it for tapes 24 .
Awesome it's only 10 mins from hotel will deffo go for lunch cheers for the heads up zin1953.
Thanks zin1953 will give Gresca a go may be on Tuesday or Wednesday , do you know if it is near any sights or museums thanks
Dan,Hayley.
Thanks for the information Caganer ,Will change market day , it's a good that we are staying a couple of block away from Boqueria will prob go every morning for breakfast . Thanks for the heads up for the Nou Camp on Sunday , will wait till certain of date to buy tickets .
Arrive Sunday at 10am on the 4th of November Sunday lunch at Koy ShunkaSunday evening going to the Nou Camp.
Monday Breakfast/lunch in the Boqueria marketMonday. Evening Hisop
Wednesday lunch free Wednesday. Evening Tickets
Thursday. Lunch dos palillos Thursday. Evening. Cinc sentits
Friday lunch free Friday evening ABac
When free will be sight seeing and will eat at local places were we areThe only place not booked is cinc sentits bcos you can only do it a month in advance Pls let me know what you think
Thanks
Dan. .
About/Contact CHOW |
Posting Guidelines |
Feedback
CBS Entertainment | About CBS Interactive | Jobs | Advertise
© CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Ad Choice | Terms of UseArizona Gives Day failed to meet expectations, raising $928,541 Wednesday from 8,584 donors.
Event organizers hoped to raise $2 million in online donations for 800 Arizona non-profits over 24 hours.
Marissa Theisen, president and CEO of the Arizona Grantmakers Forum, said organizers aren’t yet sure why Arizona wasn’t as successful as other states. Alabama, Colorado, Georgia and Minnesota have all had successful events with donors giving millions above the set goals.
But Theisen said leaders have some idea.
“It’s a combination of fewer people responding and contributing less,” she said. “The actual average (gift) was lower than what we had anticipated, as well.”
The day was not a total bust, Theisen said.
“In terms of number of the non-profits that have participated, we’re pretty pleased with that,” she said.
Theisen said Arizona Gives Day 2014 is already being planned.Keller @ Large: Manners, Civility In Decline… Again
Matt Cassel is examined after being helped off the field on October 7, 2012 at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri. (Photo by Kyle Rivas/Getty Images)
BOSTON (CBS) – If I had five bucks for every time I’ve discussed the ongoing decline of even the most basic civility in our culture over the years, I’d be able to buy myself a ticket to a place where people still think good manners are important – if there is such a place.
Listen to Jon’s commentary:
And I think it’s fair to blame the Internet for both the acceleration of this trend and our heightened awareness of it.
Anonymous comment threads have enabled scores of losers, who once had to wait on hold to vent their bile on radio talk shows, to instantly share their self-loathing with the universe.
Drunken college kids who used to have to come up with stupid, dangerous pranks on their own can now share their inspiration for other knuckleheads to imitate.
And everyone posts everything online so those of us still clinging to civilization can look on in horror.
So maybe in the grand scheme of things, the dim-bulb Kansas City football fans who cheered the sight of their quarterback, former Patriot Matt Cassel, lying injured on the field on Sunday after a jarring tackle, may just be the passing outrage of the day.
But it’s still worth noting as a cautionary tale of how badly we seem to be skidding out of control.
I have nothing against booing. That’s part of the fun of being an avid fan.
But I don’t cheer injuries. That’s serious business, and basic human decency should override all other considerations.
One of Cassel’s teammates has called the cheering “sickening,” and I agree. Then again, it’s no more sickening than the injury bounty system that some of his peers in New Orleans got caught engaging in.
And that suggests we can’t just write off the injury celebration as an aberration, the work of drunks who got carried away.
Dehumanization has become a common currency of sports, politics, pop culture, and daily life. And if that doesn’t worry and disgust you, it should.
You can listen to Keller At Large on WBZ News Radio every weekday at 7:55 a.m. and 12:25 p.m. You can also watch Jon on WBZ-TV News. LCY Route Map
Cockburn Town to London Flights, Stats and Airplanes
Route information for flights from JAGS McCartney Intl. to London City.
Origin:
Destination:
Distance:
4,268.32 miles
LCY - London City Airlines
Browse the most popular airlines servicing the London (LCY) airport. Visit their flights pages to learn more about the most popular routes these carriers fly.Franky_sondakh@yahoo.comGuest
Dear Teacher,
I have a question regarding article usage. I read the following line in the bible:
"So pilate gave sentence that it should be as they requested."
I looked up in the dictionary that the word "sentence" in this line is considered as a countable noun. My question why there is no article--a or an--in front of the word. Shouldn't there be an article in front of it?
Thank you for your answer.
Sincerely,
Franky sondakh
Given the translation, it appears that "gave sentence" is similar in structure to "give forth". No article required.Given the translation, it appears that "gave sentence" is similar in structure to "give forth". No article required.
Originally Posted by FrankyOriginally Posted by Franky
In Modern English "sentence" requires an article or would be used as a verb,
EX: The judge sent down the sentence.
EX: The judge sentenced the criminal to 2 months in prison.DAVIDSON – Wooden Stone Gallery offers a hands-on cooking class through the Town of Davidson that features Valentine’s Day cuisine with a nod to local farmers’ markets.
Students will prepare five to six dishes and enjoy the meal with a glass of wine.
The menu consists of golden and crimson beet salad with oranges, fennel, and feta; pork loin with figs and port sauce; filet mignon with bordelaise sauce; pan-roasted chicken breasts with orange-brandy sauce; truffled mashed potatoes and molten chocolate cake with caramel filling.
The class, dubbed “Eat Your Heart Out – Valentine’s Day Edition,” will be held 2-4:30 p.m. Feb. 10 at Wooden Stone Gallery, 445 S. Main St., Davidson.
The class, for ages 18 and older, costs $65 for Davidson residents and $70 for others.
Registration is required by Feb. 7. Space is limited. Register at or call the Davidson Parks and Recreation office at 704 892-3349.
Gallery holds interactive cooking class
by Staff Writer - full for stockins Tabbed By: mynuts69 EMail: Cur3113339@aol.com standard tuning (eadg) keep repeating this until u hear the change g------------------------------------------ d------------------------------------------ a------------------------------------------ e-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-0-3-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-0-3-5 play this when u hear him change down to the A string g------------------------------------------ d------------------------------------------ a-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-0-3-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-0-3-5 e------------------------------------------ then listen to the song and when he changes again play this g------------------------------------------ d------------------------------------------ a-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2---------- e------------------------------------------ the solo part is play on all three riffs u will here the changes in the song. just listen to the song.First, sit down with a sharpened pencil and at least 10 sheets of unlined paper.
Next, write a brief story (250-500 words) detailing your doings between waking up and eating lunch earlier today.
Then, sit for a few minutes and try to think of something other than words and writing.
After your mind has settled, take the next piece of paper and begin writing with great speed in a stream-of-conscious-style. Begin by describing what went on internally while you were crafting the brief story about your morning. From there, go wherever your hand takes you without lifting your pencil from the paper for a significant (more than a few seconds) period of time. Write until you run out of paper.
Finally, take the final product and scan and e-mail it to loganliterary@gmail.com
(We're aware this may seem a convoluted exercise, but the results should be worth it.)
Phantom Gourmet: Cornerstone Pizzeria In Ogunquit, Maine
OGUNQUIT, ME – Pizza and beer. A classic combination that’s right up there with Peanut Butter and Jelly, Batman and Robin and Mary Kate and Ashley.
And at Cornerstone Pizzeria in Ogunquit, Maine they bring you the best of both worlds.
“We wanted to bring pizza up a level, but at the same time it’s still pizza. It’s still beer,” said owner Michael Cavaretta. “It’s not a chichi French cuisine. It’s pizza. We wanted people to enjoy it, but we also wanted to push it to its full potential.”
So the Cornerstone crew searched every corner of the country for the best craft brews, and they experimented with all kinds of tasty toppings for their hand-tossed pizzas – all of it served in a chic industrial eatery with a popular outdoor patio.
“I think that pairing beer and food is sort of a new concept to people, but I think that it’s becoming more and more prevalent.”
So, you can sip your stout while sinking your teeth into some serious slices cooked in the wood stone oven that serves as the centerpiece of Executive Chef Trip Rouillier’s open kitchen. The magnificent house of heat cooks every last dish on the menu, which goes well beyond pie.
“The oven’s the heart of this restaurant,” said the chef. “It’s really special because of how versatile it is and how I’m able to use it to prepare a lot of our stuff, because everything we do does come out of this oven.”
The key to the Cornerstone menu is that they never put their chefs in a corner when they try to get creative.
“We try and do strange combination that you wouldn’t even think of ordering, but then you go ahead and order them and they just wow you,” said Cavaretta.
So there’s a breakfast inspired pie topped with bacon and eggs, and one garnished with fresh shrimp, scallions, Gouda and lime.
Cornerstone’s Cajun Rubbed BBQ Pork pizza is topped slow-roasted pork and red cabbage slaw. Sure, it might seem a little strange, but Cavaretta swears by it.
“We had a lot of people that were hesitant to order the red cabbage on it. The coleslaw is actually what ties the whole thing together. You don’t realize that smokiness of red cabbage, but it actually makes the flavor of the Cajun pop even more. It’s an explosion of flavor; it’s really good.”
And while most Margherita pizzas are really good, Cornerstone’s is really great because it’s made with balsamic roasted tomatoes.
“They have a little bit of a zing to them,” described Cavaretta. “We find that it just gives the pizza a little bit of extra flavor that just brings it a whole new level.”
While these guys are all about pairing pizza with beer, they have been known to make an exception.
“We serve all of these amazing beers and from all over the world. And what goes better with beer than pizza? There’s only one thing: and it’s pretzels.”
So, they roll out and fresh-bake every pretzel every day, and serve them traditionally with mustard, topped with cheddar or sprinkled with sugar alongside maple syrup.
Since Cornerstone sits in the lobster capital of the world, a lobster pizza was a must. But rather than using straight up lobster, their pie is topped with a lemony lobster salad.
“We actually put cold lobster salad on our pizza and almost treat it like it’s a lobster roll,” Cavaretta said. “The difference in temperature between the hot pizza and the cold lobster actually makes it all come together. It actually feels like a hot lobster roll when you’re eating it.”
Lobster is also featured in the baked mac and cheese along with some salty spec.
“I just love lobster mac and cheese. I just wanted to do one that just kicks it up a little notch. It’s the best lobster dish, in in my opinion,” Cavaretta said.
The Sausage Stuffed Cherry Peppers are cheesy too, but the housemade sausage certainly gives this dish some kick. “When you bite into one of these things, the pickledness of the pepper, it’s a little spicy. It’s unlike anything you’ve ever tried,” he described.
While mussels are usually sautéed, because of the kitchen’s limited space, theirs are baked in that wood stone oven, which actually makes them even better.
“If you haven’t had a baked mussel, they really are amazing. They bake from the top and they cook from the bottom as well in that oven, on the stone. So it mixes all those flavors together really well.”
Whether it’s slow roasting their tomatoes or hand stretching their dough, the staff at Cornerstone takes the time to make sure each element is pristine.
“Our goal and the thing that I love about it is that we actually try and bring each ingredient to a new level and actually give it a little bit more flavor, so that we you eat it, it’s the very best that it could be.”
You can find Cornerstone at 228 Main Street in Ogunquit, or online at cornerstoneogt.com.
Watch Phantom Gourmet on Saturdays and Sundays at 10:30 and 11 a.m. on myTV38.
MORE FROM PHANTOM GOURMETProfile
Cassie Scerbo
Actress + Singer + Dancer
Female
Born Mar 30, 1990 Age 25
Hometown Long Island, New ... Height 5' 2" (157 cm)
Nationality American Alma Mater SNHU
High School Marjory Stoneman ... Other Names Cassandra Lynn Sc...
Cassandra Lynn "Cassie" Scerbo is an American actress, singer and dancer. She is best known for her roles in Bring It On: In It to Win It as Brooke and Make It or Break It as Lauren Tanner.
Photos
View newly released photos of Cassie Scerbo.
Romance
- Josh BowmanDated 2010 - 2011
- Doug ReinhardtDated 2010
- Cody LongoFling 2009 - 2010
- Michael CoponDated 2007 - 2008
Places
Follow Cassie Scerbo and discover her favorite places.
News + Updates
Browse recent news and stories about Cassie Scerbo.
- Television Review: ‘Beast Of The Bering Sea’ Stars Cassie Scerbo Of ‘Sharknado’NYTimes - Nov 08, 2013
- Tara Reid Shines In Pink Dress On Red CarpetHuffington Post - Aug 03, 2013
- 'Sharknado' Is The Week's Most Important NewsMTV News - Jul 12, 2013
- Make It Or Break It Bikini Babe! Cassie Scerbo Strips Down In CancunRadar Online - Nov 16, 2012
Timeline
Learn about the memorable moments in the evolution of Cassie Scerbo.
CHILDHOOD
1990 Birth Born on March 30, 1990.
TEENAGE
2007 17 Years Old 2 More Events
In the midst of 2007 as the group began working on their sophomore record the group was confirmed to have split. … 
2009 19 Years Old In June 2009 Scerbo appeared in the ABC Family Teen Drama television series Make It or Break It which premiered to 2.5 million viewers and mixed reviews from critics. … 
TWENTIES
2010 20 Years Old In April 2010 Scerbo appeared with her Make It or Break It Cast Mate Chelsea Hobbs in an episode of CSI: Miami. … 
Original Authors of this text are noted on.
Text is made available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License.
Not the person you were looking for? Search Cassie Scerbo
Text is made available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License.
Not the person you were looking for? Search Cassie ScerboAshok Aiyar (aiyar at ebv.oncology.wisc.edu) wrote: : On Wed, 18 Sep 1996 14:20:08 -0400, Martin Simard <msimard at courrier.usherb.ca> wrote: : >I search a program to produce restriction map from a sequence like DNA : >stryer on Mac. : There are several programs out there, but I use DNA Strider on my : PC under the Mac emulator Executor. This lets me share files without : the effort of format conversion with colleagues who prefer to use : Macs .... plus I like the elegant simplicity of DNA Strider. I agree, DNA strider is fairly simple, but very useful and functional. Also worth mentioning is Don Gilbert's SeqPup program, available in a 32 bit version for win95, and I must say that I found the built-in restriction mapping in this program to be excellent.View Diary: BREAKING: Rep. Boyd flips from no to YES! (197 comments)
Diary Recommended By
grytpype, N in Seattle, JekyllnHyde, Aexia, buffalo soldier, murphy, teacherken, askew, Rolfyboy6, GDoyle, newjeffct, jethropalerobber, bosdcla14, eeff, Sandy on Signal, frisco, theran, dpc, tyler93023, Einsteinia, wonkydonkey, NCYellowDog, jerseyjoew, Glic, pattisigh, JPhurst, itskevin, Iberian, Cedwyn, Chrisfs, tomephil, mayan, psnyder, LordMike, jaywillie, wdrath, mistersite, GN1927, econlibVA, ybruti, jj32, KayCeSF, tomjones, lyvwyr101, jim bow, Gowrie Gal, davidkc, powwow500, DoGooderLawyer, ladylib, fivefouranonymous, Geekesque, Rogneid, peacestpete, Snud, begone, hlee1169, RustyBrown, tonyahky, rpj2004, Wary, mcartri, Blue Wind, shrike, gpoutney, bleeding heart, 5x5, Timothy J, ArkDem14, blueintheface, Little, meowmissy, Loudoun County Dem, dmh44, gloriana, edsbrooklyn, SeaTurtle, Moderation, cececville, Jahiz, sable, gloryous1, Predictor, TomP, acliff, Dem in the heart of Texas, Spruce, bkamr, mconvente, DraftChickenHawks, dotster, ScottyUrb, elwior, beltane, Greasy Grant, monkeybrainpolitics, Jake Williams, mnguy66, S C B, True Independent, dlh77489, Raumfahrer, A Man Called Gloom, allie123, Nica24, dmhlt 66, greenpunx, oldliberal, legendmn, SciMathGuy, 1BQ, Bule Betawi, Rhysling, denisegreenbay, RNinOR, juca, Ohiodem1, velvet blasphemy, bigmikek7, StuHunter, tr GW, CamillesDad1, DefendOurConstitution, Daily Activist, virginwoolf, heart4idaho, Hope Monger, obscuresportsquarterly, notksanymore, mdmslle, 57andFemale, ArthurPoet, ravenlore, jpmassar, SweetMartha, PrincessPinkyPie, littlezen, fidellio, Tcoopy, citizen31, mscharizmaa, BonnieSchlitz, gulfgal98, ItsSimpleSimon, Mariken, juturna, ThisIsMyTime, fl1972, mka193, science nerd, HylasBrook, NellaSelim, TheHalfrican, PaDemTerry, Quite Contrary, vc2, UtahLibrul, Mistral Wind, near mrs, chloris creator, Alice Olson, floridablue, antooo, pensivelady, KingofSpades, Regina in a Sears Kit House, IowaPopulist, YaNevaNo, Woodrow Stool, Nena20409, James Robinson, quetta physics, clubbing guy, KiB, RhodaA, Catskill Julie, BLUE OKIE, Gay CA Democrat, Hookah, doggysnoggle, APA Guy, OHknighty, We Won, delmardougOn 01.12.06 10:44 +0100, Amaury Amblard-Ladurantie wrote:
> I m0n0wall does not win, which I doubt, there are still some prizes
> as the project made it to the "nominated" list:
> - 1000 ¤
> - (french) books
> - Mandriva goodies (excellent opportunity to migrate m0n0 to Linux
> :-). :)
- ManuelGroup 1Hurtado/Diaz, ESP: 26.71 TES + 33.33 PCS -2.00 = 58.04 Total: 103.75
- Nice lift with him in a spread eagle and her flipped upside down on his leg with her foot to her head
- Decent step sequence and you can tell she is making an effort to really stretch through her free leg
- Good speed in their dance spin with a nice change of foot--interesting spin with him in the camel and her in the standing position
- Nice reverse lift in a straightline position and him balancing on her knees but I thought he was going to sit on her when they exited from the lift
- A little awkward position with her on his boot and holding her leg behind her with her arms crossed
- He takes a big fall on the first set of their twizzles and can't complete the second and they don't hold their positions relative to each other
- They look a little hesitant on the spins in this second step sequence
- Nice rotational spin with her leaning back
- I don't understand their costumes at all
- Nice flip lift into an uninspiring position on his leg in a spread eagle
- Nice rotational lift with her suspended over the ice
- Nice set of twizzles with decent unison and good speed
- She looks really hesitant in the turns in the step sequence and they're not really selling the passionate flair they need for a tango
- REally nice rotational lift with he wrapped around his head in a catchfoot position
- Nice split lift in a hydroblade
- A lot of running steps across the ice but that's the only real tango feel in this program
- Rotational lift in a haircutter--pretty vanilla on the lifts
- He looks like he's rotating the twizzles faster than her but they stay together for all three sets
- Jump twist into a lift with changes of position but they changes need to be faster and more seamless so they don't get caught in awkward transitional poses
- Footwork slow and not a lot of tango flair
- Another really slow lift in the change of positions
- Decent dance spin but really awkward change of direction
- Rotational lift with her in a haircutter position
- They're just going through the motions on a lot of these tango steps
- Their leg lines are well matched through this step sequence and it's well timed with the music
- They look so comfortable skating with each other for such a short time training
- She takes a little bobble out of a turn getting back into the hold but they have a great connection with each other through this sequence
- Nice entrance to the lift with him in a spiral position on one leg going backward and her balancing on his leg in a catchfoot position
- Cartwheel into a spread eagle lift and flip back into a hold on his boot
- They get really close on the twizzles and she trips over his foot and falls
- Nice edgework and matching lines on this step sequence
- I wish they had better music as this is kind of elevator quality and they both have such great performance quality
- Rotational lift with her balancing on his head
- Really nice positions in the dance spin with great speed
- Split position for her with him in a hydroblade
- I think they still need to get comfortable with their height difference as he looks a little hunched over at times
Group 2Ilinykh/Katsalapov, RUS: 37.65 TES + 44.50 PCS = 82.15 Total: 140.31 and into 1st place
- She's wearing her hair up this week with ribbon in the twists--I preferred it down much better
- One armed rotational lift with her holding her leg
- They have great speed, edges and lines but this choreography just does not show them off to their best potential
- Nice step sequence really working around the edges of the ice and getting great coverage
- Really far apart on their twizzles but they looked in sync
- Big set up to their rotational lift with him holding her leg to her head
- Nice lift with her rotating around him as he skates backward on one leg
- Nice counterbalancing spin to start their dance spin but not a lot of speed
- They spend a lot of time waiting for their music as there's just not enough for them to do
- Nice change of holds throughout this second step sequence and a lot smoother than last week
- Great final lift with her reaching over the ice from his knee but it looks like they struggle to get out of it a bit
- Overall much better than last week, but I'm not crazy about this program
- Very close distance on their twizzles and great unison
- Very smooth on this step sequence with nice deep edges
- Nice flip up to a lift with her on his head and touching toes to her head
- The black tights make her leg really stand out and in this case it's good because you can see how clean her lines are
- One armed rotational lift with her in a pencil position
- Really nice layback position from her in the dance spin but they really lose speed after the change of foot
- Straightline lift with him on one leg and her legs extended over the ice
- Split lift with her leg over his shoulder
- Nice opening lift with her in a handstand on his shoulders
- Nice position with him on his knee and her bent back over the ice
- Lots of intricate coordinating armwork from them to set the Egyptian theme
- A little off on their first set of twizzles but the second two are very nice
- I would like to see more connection between the two of them since she is supposed to be his dead wife brought back to life
- Lift with him in a spread eagle and her standing on his lift and she bends back into their rotational lift
- Good speed and ice coverage through the step sequence right into their dance spin with good speed and nice positions with a good change of direction
- Nice change of positions wrapping up and then down in the last lift but a little difficulty getting out of it and they finish just a hair before their music
- They look so elegant in this program
- Great speed and use of their full body going into this step sequence to really capture the old time feel of their program
- Nice lift with her on his shoulder and him one one foot with a flip exit
- Easy twizzles with good distance between them
- Nice dance spin with good change of foot and good speed throughout
- Such nice ease through this step sequence and nice matching lines and edges
- Flip into a lift with her wrapped around his shoulders in a catchfoot position
- Kick over the head into a lift with her standing on his leg and bending back into a rotational lift with her holding on to his neck with her legs
- She is just perfection in this program and there are a few places that he overactsThink Stock [ Powerball and Mega Millions Are Above $100 Million — Holy Crap! By Kelly West 1 week ago It is always epic when Powerball and Mega Millions get past $100 million. You have to go buy a ticket for only $1. Read More Category: Entertainment News, Human Interest, Kelly's Krazy Kuts, Music, Music News, National News, News, Photos Tags: mega millions, power ball, rich, veterans Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!Doing Really Little Work, But Still Looking Damn Good
January 19, 2015
Item You Need: These Fuego Nueva York Crewneck Tops
April 28, 2015
This 90s Icon Tee Is Pretty Much YOUR ENTIRE LIFE
March 21, 2014
Show Your Lupita Love With This Graphic Tee
March 4, 2014
Required Listening: Dev Hynes aka Blood Orange Dropped A 46 Minute Mixtape
May 11, 2015
Music from the film score i was let go from a couple weeks ago. Figured i'd put it out. Now back to work on Blood Orange LP3. Peace. <3
— Devonté Hynes (@devhynes) May 11, 2015
Y’guys, music gods are real and I’m not swearing by this because a Janet Jackson comeback is underway. Today, Devonté Hynes released a 46-minute YouTube cut of #chillvibe music from a scrapped film score written and produced by the musician. Under the music’s YouTube description, Hynes writes: “I spent the last few months working on a film score, then I got fired. No hard feelings.”
Bless you Devonté.0 comment(s)Booth
by C.C. Colbert and Tanitoc
First Second
ISBN: 9781596431256
Some Teaching Recommendations For Middle School & High School English Language Arts
Suggested Alignment to the IRA /NCTE Standard(s):*
- standard #s correspond to the numbers used by IRA.
Recommended Grade Levels:?”
*NCTE/IRA. (1996). Standards for the English Language Arts. Urbana, IL: NCTE.
Ogle, D. (1986). KWL: A teaching model that develops active reading of expository text. The Reading Teacher 32, 564-570.
Adventures in Cartooning Activity Book
by James Sturm, Andrew Arnold and Alexis Frederick-Frost
ISBN: 9781596435988
On a dull rainy day, the kind of day some of us may associate with Dr. Seuss’ Thing 1 and Thing 2, a young Knight-in-training is bored out of his mind. But just when his boredom seems to be getting the best of him, a Magical Elf shows up to create some fun with comics. But these aren’t any kind of comics! The Magical Elf’s Knight-in-training wants to know how to create cool monsters, awesome action sequences, cool character faces, moving motion lines, and engaging backgrounds.
Along with the young Knight-in-training, readers of all ages will learn how to turn a boring, rainy day – in fact, any day! – into a creative comic-writing experience. For teachers and librarians, this means that Adventures in Cartooning: Activity Book is not just another book to recommend to students. Adventures in Cartooning: Activity Book is a book teachers and librarians will enjoy reading on their own, and, then, after seeing how well it aligns to the IRA/NCTE standards for creative writing, teaching to students.
From the movement of the reader’s eye to the importance of panels, backgrounds, and balloons, Adventures in Cartooning: Activity Book presents teachers, librarians and students a top-notch crash course in the power of comic storytelling.
English Language Arts Elements of Story
Plot: On a rainy and boring day, a young Knight-in-training complains about having nothing to do. But when a Magical Elf appears and offers him a chance for adventure and excitement, the Knight-in-training learns how to create his own comic stories.
Setting: The Knight-in-training’s home, and, with their imaginations soaring, the various places the Magical Elf, Knight, and reader want to go!
Characters: Along with all the characters the reader and young Knight can think of, The Magical Elf, young Knight-in-training, and Edward the horse
Themes: Writing, Creativity, Adventure, Excitement, Taking Chances, and Trying Something New
Pairing Suggestions: Scott McCloud’s Making Comics, Dr. James Bucky Carter’s Building Literacy Connections with Graphic Novels, When Commas Meet Kryptonite by Dr. Michael Bitz, Teaching Graphic Novels by Dr. Katie Monnin, Drawing Words and Writing Pictures by Jessica Abel and Matt Madden
Some Teaching Recommendations For Middle School & High School English Language Arts
Suggested Alignment to the IRA /NCTE Standard(s):*
- standard #s correspond to the numbers used by IRA/NCTE
5. Students employ a wide range of strategies as they write and use different writing process elements appropriately to communicate with different audiences for a variety of purposes.
11. Students participate as knowledgeable, reflective, creative, and critical members of a variety of literacy communities.
12. Students use spoken, written, and visual language to accomplish their own purposes (e.g., for learning, enjoyment, persuasion, and the exchange of information).
Suggested Guided Writing Lesson Plan:
· Planning:
In order to teach this guided writing lesson plan, teachers will need the following materials:
- scratch paper
- writing utensils
- a class set of Adventures in Cartooning: Activity Book is recommended but not necessary
It would be ideal for each student to have a copy. But whether or not each student has a copy, this guided writing lesson can be taught.
Right before the mini-lesson, students should be divided into small groups. These groups can be organized randomly or by ability levels.
· Mini-Lesson Modeling and Writing:
As a class, read pages 2 – 9 of Adventures in Cartooning: Activity Book. When you reach page 7, show students an example of a monster that you have drawn. Then, ask students to draw monsters either in their own copies of the book or on their own paper. When students are done drawing ask for volunteers to share their monster drawings with the rest of the class.
Next, the class can read pages 8 and 9 together. Once again modeling, show students your own drawing of a Knight jumping over a hole. Then, either in their own Adventures in Cartooning: Activity Book or on their own paper, ask students to draw their own Knight jumping over a hole.
· Conference:
As students draw their own Knights jumping over holes, the teacher should walk around them room and consult with each group, asking to see examples and offering advice.
When students are done drawing, ask them to share their drawings.
NOTE: All of the activities in Adventures in Cartooning: Activity Book can be taught using this basic guided writing lesson plan.:.Box Office by Studio
LOGO FEATURES
January 1May 17, 2007
Data based on calendar grosses between Jan. 1 and May 17.
LOGO FEATURES
© IMDb.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Box Office Mojo and IMDb are trademarks or registered trademarks of IMDb.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?
One of our neighbors’ kids is spending the summer after her freshman year at the University of Georgia selling Cutco knives door-to-door. We heard her pitch tonight and she did a nice job. The knives are impressive. We bought several.
But it struck me that most sales presentations in business are no more sophisticated than my neighbor’s Cutco pitch. She brought out the knives, talked about them, and did a little demonstration. My kids and I particularly liked the one where we try to cut through a piece of rope.
When it was all done, she took out an order form and asked if we wanted any knives.
Of course that’s fine for a door-to-door knife pitch. But many sales presentations, for far more sophisticated products and services, do the exact same thing. They show you all their stuff and then ask “Do you think you’ll need any of this stuff?”
Great sales pitches don’t start by talking about the stuff that you have to offer. The best sales presentations start by showing that you understand your prospect’s business problem. Then you present a solution to that problem. Great sales pitches focus on nothing other than proposing a specific solution to the prospect’s specific business problem.
For example, start by detailing how you understand that your customer is losing lots of money in shipping costs. Then propose a solution to help them save that money. The body of your presentation should then be a demonstration of how your software will save your customer lots of money. Do that well and your audience will hang on every word.
By the way, we bought the small chef’s knife, the kitchen shears, the vegetable peeler, and the bread knife. The total cost was $344. They aren’t cheap. But they come with a lifetime guarantee and never need sharpening.
httpv://
November 19th, 2012 at 1:26 pm
Excellent article. Keep writing such kind of information on your site.
Im really impressed by your site.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts about Joey Asher.
Regards
January 2nd, 2013 at 10:39 am
Full Document…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
January 3rd, 2013 at 12:41 am
All knives need sharpening. You’re just an easy mark.
Cutco are not terrible knives, but they are substantially overpriced. They are depending on customers who don’t understand knives.
January 8th, 2013 at 12:38 pm
phen375 fat burner…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
January 20th, 2013 at 11:52 am
woodbury mn townhomes for sale…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
January 28th, 2013 at 9:21 pm
relevant webpage…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
February 3rd, 2013 at 11:16 pm
Phen375…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
February 4th, 2013 at 2:06 pm.
February 5th, 2013 at 1:48 am
If you want to improve your knowledge simply keep visiting this
site and be updated with the latest gossip posted here.
February 5th, 2013 at 8:19 am
you’re truly a good webmaster. The site loading speed is amazing. It sort of feels that you’re doing any unique trick.
Also, The contents are masterwork. you’ve done a excellent job in this subject!
February 6th, 2013 at 9:29 am
Hi there, just became aware of your blog through Google,
and found that it is really informative. I am gonna watch out for brussels.
I’ll be grateful if you continue this in future. A lot of people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
February 8th, 2013 at 1:14 pm
Full Review…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
February 9th, 2013 at 7:39 am
just click the up coming post…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
February 9th, 2013 at 7:50 am
eclipse…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
February 9th, 2013 at 7:09 pm!
February 9th, 2013 at 8:36 pm
I’ve been browsing on-line more than three hours today, yet I never discovered any attention-grabbing article like yours. It is beautiful price sufficient for me. In my view, if all web owners and bloggers made just right content as you probably did, the web will be much more useful than ever before.
February 9th, 2013 at 10:35 pm
A further basic way to determine the authentic detox foot patch
is by observing Dr. However, in the function that a specific episode gets to be too unpleasant, there are a quantity of
simple options. There are however loads of thoughts on how to heal sweaty ft.
February 9th, 2013 at 11:27 pm
I for all time emailed this website post page to all my
friends, for the reason that if like to read it then my
contacts will too.
February 10th, 2013 at 1:36 am
What’s up to every one, for the reason that I am really eager of reading this weblog’s post to
be updated regularly. It includes fastidious material.
February 10th, 2013 at 2:07 am
What’s Taking place i am new to this, I stumbled upon this I’ve found
It positively useful and it has helped me out loads. I am hoping to contribute & assist different users like its helped
me. Great job.
February 10th, 2013 at 8:15 am
What’s up, yeah this article is actually nice and I have learned lot of things from it concerning blogging. thanks.
February 10th, 2013 at 8:58 am
Hello there! This is my first visit to your blog!
We are a group of volunteers and starting a new project in a community in the same niche.
Your blog provided us useful information to work on.
You have done a extraordinary job!
February 10th, 2013 at 9:53 am
I do trust all of the ideas you’ve introduced to your post. They’re very convincing and
can certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are very short for newbies.
Could you please prolong them a bit from subsequent time?
Thank you for the post.
February 10th, 2013 at 5:47 pm
I simply couldn’t leave your website before suggesting that I extremely loved the standard information a person provide in your guests? Is going to be again continuously to inspect new posts
February 10th, 2013 at 11:22 pm.
February 11th, 2013 at 9:06 am
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your
weblog and wished to say that I have truly loved surfing around your weblog posts.
After all I’ll be subscribing for your rss feed and I hope you write again soon!
February 11th, 2013 at 10:43 am
Thank you for another informative web site.
The place else may just I am getting that type of info written in such a perfect approach?
I have a challenge that I’m simply now operating on, and I have been at the glance out for such info.
February 12th, 2013 at 10:23 pm
Thanks , I have recently been looking for
information approximately this topic for a long time and yours is
the best I have found out so far. However, what in regards
to the conclusion? Are you certain in regards to the source?
February 24th, 2013 at 6:00 am
homes in woodbury mn…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
February 26th, 2013 at 9:10 am
Xanax…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
March 1st, 2013 at 5:09 pm
buy ambien online…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
March 8th, 2013 at 4:55 am
free xbox live gold codes…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
March 9th, 2013 at 9:05 pm
Hello to all, as I am actually eager of reading this blog’s post to be updated on a regular basis. It contains nice data.
March 10th, 2013 at 2:08 am
Hi there to every one, it’s in fact a fastidious for me to pay a visit this website, it consists of precious Information.
March 11th, 2013 at 5:11 pm
lol for free…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
March 12th, 2013 at 3:59 am
Your post offers pгoven neceѕsarу to me. It’s very uѕeful and you really
are cеrtаіnly veгy well-informed in this regiоn.
You possеss еxpoѕed my sight in ordeг to
varying oρinіon of thiѕ kind of topic with intriguing,
notаble and sоlid content material.
Also viѕit my ѕite Buy ADIPEX
March 12th, 2013 at 6:20 am
Your article offerѕ ѵerified
beneficіal to me. Ӏt’s quіte infοrmative and you’re simply certainly quite educated of this type. You possess exposed my face to be able to different opinion of this topic along with interesting and solid content.
Feel free to visit my weblog – openmicvoices.com
March 13th, 2013 at 4:48 pm
Youг own article has confiгmed benefiсial tо us.
It’s quіte useful аnd you’re certainly very knowledgeable of this type. You possess opened up my eye to be able to different views on this kind of topic with intriguing, notable and strong written content.
Look at my blog :: buy phentermine
March 16th, 2013 at 12:49 am
payday loans…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
March 17th, 2013 at 4:16 pm
Your current post has pгovеn neсessary
tο us. It’s really helpful anԁ уou’re simply clearly extremely experienced in this region. You possess opened my personal sight to different thoughts about this kind of matter along with intriquing, notable and reliable content material.
Here is my blog post – Rodger
March 17th, 2013 at 10:48 pm
Hi there, I enjoy reading all of your post. I like to write a little comment to support you.
March 18th, 2013 at 12:29 pm
Your way of telling everything in this paragraph is truly nice, every one be capable of simply understand it, Thanks a lot.
March 18th, 2013 at 12:40 pm
I always spent my half an hour to read this weblog’s articles every day along with a mug of coffee.
March 18th, 2013 at 10:54 pm
Hi there, I log on to your blog on a regular basis. Your writing style is awesome, keep
up the good work!
March 18th, 2013 at 10:57 pm
There’s certainly a great deal to find out about this issue. I like all of the points you have made.
March 20th, 2013 at 9:56 am
Your rеpоrt offerѕ verifieԁ benеficial to me personally.
It’s eхtremely useful and you’re obviously really well-informed in this area. You have got opened my face to numerous thoughts about this matter along with intriguing and sound content material.
Here is my website … openrpg.wrathof.com
March 21st, 2013 at 5:02 am
I simply couldn’t leave your website prior to suggesting that I extremely loved the usual info an individual supply for your guests? Is going to be back ceaselessly to check up on new posts
March 21st, 2013 at 10:52 am
My brother recommended I might like this website. He was totally right.
This post actually made my day. You can not imagine just how much time
I had spent for this info! Thanks!
March 21st, 2013 at 11:37 pm
I’ve learn several just right stuff here. Certainly worth bookmarking for revisiting. I wonder how much attempt you put to create this kind of excellent informative site.
March 22nd, 2013 at 7:45 am
This website was… how do you say it? Relevant!! Finally I’ve found something that helped me. Many thanks!
March 22nd, 2013 at 5:57 pm
Wow thаt wаs oԁd. I just wrote аn verу long cοmment but after I clicκеd submit my comment didn’t show up. Grrrr… well I’m
not ωгiting all that over again. Anyways, just ωаnteԁ
to say superb blog!
March 22nd, 2013 at 8:32 pm
Hello my friend! I wish to say that this post is amazing, nice written
and come with approximately all important infos.
I would like to look more posts like this .
March 22nd, 2013 at 11:56 pm
We’re a group of volunteers and starting a new scheme in our community. Your web site offered us with valuable information to work on. You have done a formidable job and our whole community will be thankful to you.
March 23rd, 2013 at 1:24 am
What you wrote made a great deal of sense. But, what
about this? what if you were to write a killer headline?
I ain’t suggesting your content isn’t good., however what if you added something to maybe grab
people’s attention? I mean Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch? is kinda plain. You might peek at Yahoo’s home page and watch how they create article titles to grab people
to open the links. You might add a video or a related picture or
two to grab readers interested about what you’ve written. Just my opinion, it could bring your posts a little livelier.
March 24th, 2013 at 8:21!
March 25th, 2013 at 12:00 pm
Your rеpοrt features сonfiгmeԁ benefiсіal tο us.
It’s rеally informatіve and you really aге ceгtainly really knowlеdgeаble in this field.
You possess exposed ouг face for you to different
views οn this kind of subject matter along with intriquing, notаble and sοlіd content matеrial.
Feel free to surf to my web page; Xenical
March 25th, 2013 at 2:57 pm
The report feаtuгes proven hеlρful to uѕ.
Ӏt’s quitе useful and yοu really are certainly extremely educаted of this tуpe.
You possess eхрosed mу oωn sight for you to vaгyіng оpinion of this ѕpеcіfic tοpic
using intеresting and strong cοntеnt
materіal.
Feel fгee to vіsіt my weblog –
March 25th, 2013 at 8:41 pm
Hi my friend! I want to say that this article is awesome, great written
and include approximately all significant infos. I would like to look
extra posts like this .
March 26th, 2013 at 12:19 pm
online make money…
Talking Points | Can Your Sales Pitch Top the Cutco Knife Pitch?…
March 26th, 2013 at 3:51 pm
Thank you for any other informative blog. Where else may just I get that type of info written in such an ideal way?
I’ve a venture that I am simply now working on, and I have been at the look out for such information.
March 26th, 2013 at 5:11 pm
I for all time emailed this webpage post page to all
my contacts, for the reason that if like to read it next my contacts will too.
March 26th, 2013 at 5:39 pm
Your poѕt has сonfiгmed useful to me personally.
It’s quite helpful and you’re clearly really well-informed in this field. You have got opened my personal sight to numerous views on this specific matter using intriguing, notable and sound content.
Also visit my web site zeit.raum-bayern.net
March 27th, 2013 at 5:13 am
Good information. Lucky me I recently found your blog by chance (stumbleupon).
I’ve bookmarked it for later!
Here is my blog: free wii points
March 27th, 2013 at 7:20 am
We absolutely love your blog and find most of your post’s to be precisely what I’m
looking for. Do you offer guest writers to write content for yourself?
I wouldn’t mind composing a post or elaborating on many of the subjects you write about here. Again, awesome web site!
March 28th, 2013 at 10:07 am
You could definitely see your expertise within
the work you write. The arena hopes for more passionate writers like you who aren’t afraid to say how they believe. Always follow your heart.
March 28th, 2013 at 1:05 pm
Your own pοst provides confігmed neсessary to us.
It’s гeally informative and уοu’re clearly really well-informed in this area. You have opened up our eyes in order to varying views on this particular matter using intriguing, notable and strong articles.
Also visit my web-site :: Buy Viagra
March 30th, 2013 at 8:35 am
Thе report offers vеrіfied benefiсial
to myself. It’s quite useful аnd уou really arе cleаrly veгу
expеriencеd оf this typе. You hаvе got oрened up our eyеs in oгder to different ѵiews on this κіnd of ѕubject along wіth
intriguіng, notable аnd reliаble сontent material.
Lοok at my homepаgе meridia
March 30th, 2013 at 12:48 pm
Yοu’re so cool! I do not believe I have read something like this before. So nice to find someone with original thoughts on this subject. Seriously.. thanks for starting this up. This website is something that is required on the internet, someone with a bit of originality!
March 30th, 2013 at 3:00 pm
Үour curгent report оffers νerifieԁ uѕeful to mе.
Ιt’s really useful and yоu’re certainly very educated in this region. You get popped my personal face to different views on this particular subject with intriguing, notable and sound articles.
My website :: buy viagra
March 31st, 2013 at 9:51 pm
I constantly emailed this blog post page to all my
friends, since if like to read it after that my contacts will too.
April 2nd, 2013 at 1:27 pm
I’m not sure exactly why but this web site is loading extremely slow for me. Is anyone else having this issue or is it a problem on my end? I’ll check back later and see if
the problem still exists.
April 2nd, 2013 at 7:42 pm
It’s hard to come by educated people for this subject, however, you sound like you know what you’re talking about!
Thanks
April 3rd, 2013 at 5:43 am
We stumbled over here from a different page and thought I should check things out.
I like what I see so now i’m following you. Look forward to looking over your web page again.A bad omen ?
Apparently the Mont Pelerin Society is meeting in Sydney. The proceedings are apparently unpublished, which is a pity, since I would be interested to see how, if at all, members have adjusted their views in response to the Global Financial Crisis. In the absence of this, we can all think about the maxim “bad things come in threes”.
The last meeting of which I heard anything[1] was in Reykjavik, at which time the MPS was happy to share in the glory of its proteges such as David Oddson. There was also a meeting in Chile in 1981, notable for producing an endorsement of the Pinochet regime from Hayek The Chilean economy ran into a severe crisis shortly thereafter. So, let’s hope that this meeting passes off uneventfully, and without any nasty aftershocks.
fn1. Google suggests there have been plenty of other meetings, but these are the only ones I heard anything about.
Hayek didn’t speak Spanish. And he didn’t “endorse” Pinochet. You’ve quoted a translators words, and you’ve left out all context (like Hayek’s experience under a liberal king and the horrors produced under the banner of “democratic elections” in central Europe in the early 20th century, or Hayek’s fairly obvious ignorance of Pinochet’s murder camps, which became widely know later).
Good show, John.
I love it how leftist economists are never criticized by leftists for going to East Germany, China, North Korea, Vietnam, the Soviet Union, etc. For that matter, what liberal economists are criticized for going to those places?
Is Friedman ever criticized for going to China? No.
Well, this Popper’s and Hayek’s old mob. The Open Society and all that.
They beleive in this so much that they suppress all record of their activiities?
Nah!
@Greg Ransom
Brad Delong on Hayek: “Social conservative Hayek can see Pinochet as a good thing: far better to have an authoritarian state that maintains the conservative moral order, if it can be persuaded to adopt laissez-faire economics, than it is to have a democracy that regulates the economy.”
@simmmo
Perhaps this is part and parcel of the liberal paradox espoused by Amartya Sen.
Libertarians try to have their cake and eat it too.
Galbraith certainly copped plenty of criticism for praising Chinese economic policy, even without saying anything good about the regime. As I said in the post, Friedman didn’t get criticised for going to China (and criticism of his visit to Chile was unfair) because he made it clear that he didn’t support the regime, but would give economic policy advice regardless.
Joan Robinson received a great deal of flack, culminating in missing out on the pseudo-Nobel in Economics, for her support of Mao.
With Amity Shlaes there blaming Keynes & FDR for prolonging the Great Depression, I think I can predict how members will have “adjusted their views in response to the Global Financial Crisis”.
Why is Spigelman slumming it? He stands out like dog’s balls.
At MPS at the moment. Happy to answer any questions about the secret ceremonies and ancient rituals performed. Also my paper will be up shortly if anybody wants to unveil the mystery a bit.
Just a couple of little questions here:
(1) When did Milton Friedman become a “leftist economist”? To the best of my knowledge, he was in friendly terms with Augusto Pinochet, exchanging limited but cordial correspondence; he went to Chile and delivered a lecture there; his students served the regime; he offered his personal advice to the regime, and, overall evaluated it as positive (as, I gather from Prof. Quiggins’ piece, Hayek did).
So, I can see little difference.
(2) In view of the previous, I would ask (as these “leftist” and “rightist” labels seem relative to one’s own ideological position): Friedman is a leftist, in comparison to whom? Hjalmar Schacht, maybe?
Oh, right, Hayek…
Karen Maley in today’s Business Spectator? quotes some good pithy stuff from Hayek’s “Nobel” acceptance speech in 1974:
Not bad!
It is a bad omen.
(I did say it another thread but John Howard is speaker no 13 at this gig of mostly old pelicans)
I would anticipate a slight uptick in gold-buggery, but apart from that, nothing. Why would they adjust their views? The GFC was caused by Fannie and Freddie and Clinton’s CRA forcing banks to lend money to poor people. And by market anticipation of Obama’s stimulus.
@gerard
Gerard – dont be silly – the poor caused the GFC because they havent been saving enough.
I’m sure it’s been pointed out before that the zombie on the cover of Prof Q’s new book (which BTW I saw four reasonably well-displayed copies of in the Emeryville CA Borders outlet this last weekend) bears a remarkable resemblance to Hayek, but OTOH perhaps that’s just a coincidence due to the reverse being true.
@Alice
That’s suffering, not saving, Alice. Get with the program.
@Steve Bloom
LOL Steve2000 Checkmate 286 ZT
$39,900 USD
2000 Checkmate 286 ZT | 1 of 4
2000 Checkmate 286 ZT | 2 of 4
2000 Checkmate 286 ZT | 3 of 4
2000 Checkmate 286 ZT | 4 of 4
For Sale By American Marine
- $39,900 USD
- Jack McCurdy
- Active
- Used
- Performance Boats
- 2000
- Checkmate
- 286 ZT
- Broward County, Florida, US
- Power
- 28ft / 8.53 m
- Mercruiser
- 454 Mag
- Inboard/outboard
- Unleaded
- Fiberglass
- 2011-05-31
- 2015-03-09
- 1497419
Large V-Berth – Stereo – Depth Finder – Stainless Steel Exhaust – Graphics Package
ExportAmerican Full service yacht brokerage and worldwide exports.
Celebrating our 20th Anniversary.As if Democrats weren't saddled with enough problems in the 2014 midterms, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) is quite certain that Benghazi will be a factor, too.Now, I didn't say it was a good point. In fact, it's a remarkably bad one, because the biggest political difference between the Benghazi story in 2014 and the Benghazi story in 2012 is that in 2014, it'll be two years older. Since day one, Republicans have tried to capitalize on the Benghazi attack with accusations of coverup and conspiracy, but outside of the right-wing bubble, they've failed miserably.
"I think Benghazi is gonna loom large in '14," Graham told Newsmax's Steve Malzberg on Wednesday.
"I think Democrats are gonna have to start making President Obama account for his leadership. Where was he that night? Did he know it was a terrorist attack? Why did he say for two weeks we think it was a protest? How could he have done that?"
Remember when Mitt Romney thought he'd crushed President Obama on Benghazi during the second presidential debate, only to find out seconds later that the only thing that got crushed was his credibility? That's pretty much Benghazi in a nutshell for you: Something that right-wingers have convinced themselves is the thing that will bring President Obama down but leaves everybody else scratching their heads going "Huh?"
For Benghazi to be any different in 2014 than it was in 2012, conservatives are going to need to supply some evidence supporting their tinfoil theories. Warmed over rehashes of what we already knew (for example, yesterday's Benghazi report) aren't going to cut it. Absent some sort of game-changing revelation (which we all know isn't going to happen), the best Republicans can hope for is that Benghazi boosts their base turnout. More likely, however, they'll do what Mitt Romney did in 2012: Overplay their hand.
Comment PreferencesA machine gun and two handguns have been found under a back garden paving slab by police during a raid in South Norwood.
Officers discovered the weapons wrapped in plastic, stashed under the slab surrounded by pot plants and gnomes at a house in Warminster Square at about 11am yesterday.
The firearms found by Trident and Croydon officers were a Mac-10 machine gun and magazine, a Smith and Wesson .44 revolver and a barrel and a cylinder for a Smith and Wesson .44 revolver.
Detective Inspector Phil Holt, of Trident,."
Three people were arrested in connection with the raid and two of them - Tony Waller, 20, of Towpath Croydon, and Barry Waller, 27, from Stockwell, - have been charged.
They are due to appear today at Camberwell Green Magistrates’ Court via videolink charged with three counts of possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life.
The woman has been bailed pending further enquiries.He has been using drugs since he was 11 and says he wishes he had never started. This is his story:
"I first got into drugs when I was 11. I started taking cannabis because everyone was doing it at the time.
"Then I got on to hard drugs. I began taking heroin and crack cocaine and have been taking them for the last four years.
"I take them both together. Smoking crack cocaine can make me feel paranoid and I need the heroin to bring me down.
"I get pain in my stomach and legs and I don't feel very well. I feel generally ill.
"My mum and dad have tried to get me off drugs.
"They have been to look for drug dealers and given them my picture and told them not to sell drugs.
"I have tried to get off drugs. I went to rehab for three months, but it did not work.
"I will get off the drugs, but not at the moment.
"I just wish I had not got involved with them really."
Combining drug use
Dr David Best of the National Addiction Centre said treatment did work, but it may not work the first time.
Steve Barker, a community drugs worker, said X's case was typical. Many young people were combining their drug use now, he said.
"They use one drug to manage the effects of another and this can have complications," he said.
Dr Best said drug availability had increased massively in recent years and young people were becoming more sophisticated about using them.
The price of drugs had also come down. The cost of heroin had halved in the last 10 years.
"The cost of drugs is not particularly high and could be funded through perfectly legitimate means," he said.
He added that prevention programmes should concentrate on trying to stop people starting drugs at a very young age as the effects were much worse the longer drugs were used.
He said there should also be an attempt to reduce the barrier between drug use and alcohol and tobacco use.For those not at the Michael Jackson memorial, here’s the fourth set of Open Forum questions and answers. Still plenty to go…
—–
Questions: First off, I’m curious about how things work behind the scenes in general. For example, how do the Kings (or in general, NHL teams) get to away games (except ones like Anaheim of course) – do they have their own plane, or do they just book seats on regular flights? What does a typical day look like at an away game for a player (outside of the actual game)? How big is the King’s staff outside of players? All those little things that you never see anyone write about. I’m sure I could think of more, but if I do I’ll ask in another open forum I guess 😉 An unrelated question, that might be answered by readers rather than you actually: Is there anyplace where you can buy DVDs in relation to the Kings?
Answers: 1) The Kings charter flights from city to city. The schedule for a road game isn’t too different from a home game, unless the team should fly into the city on the morning of the game (a back-to-back situation, for instance). The team will typically take a bus from the hotel for a morning skate around 10 or 11 a.m. After that, they can go back to the hotel and nap, eat lunch, etc., until it’s time to bus to the arena for the game. 2) When you say “staff,” that can involve a lot of different areas. If you go on the Kings’ official website, you can see all of the people who are involved in a lot of different areas. The traveling crew typically consists of coaches and trainers, and front-office types (Lombardi, Hextall, etc.) travel at their whim. 3) I’m not aware of any DVDs. Videos pop up, from time to time, on the Kings’ website, but I’m not aware of any plans for DVDs. If that’s something that interests a large number of people, you might want to make the Kings aware of it.
—–
Question: What’s your take on the job the Lombardi has done this off-season? Obviously it is the off-season so nothing has played out other than on paper, but what’s your opinion on going after the type of players he got as opposed to teams like the Rangers who look only for the big name guys?
Answer: I think Lombardi is in the middle-to-late stages of his plan, but not the final stage. I certainly understand the sentiments of those fans who have been patient for years and years, and now want Lombardi to go “shoot the moon” and bring in all the big names now. That’s not his plan. The Kings aren’t being built to win the Stanley Cup this year. They’re being built to — hopefully, in Lombardi’s mind — take another step forward and make the playoffs. Adding Smyth and Scuderi should put the Kings in position. Anyone who was hoping for the Kings to make those dramatic, Rangers-type moves, was frankly unrealistic. The Kings need more if they’re going to contend for the Stanley Cup, but I don’t know anyone who expected that to happen this coming season.
—–
Questions: 1. Have you ever seen that ridiculous guy who attends almost all the home games? He calls himself Rental Man, and I hate him. What do you think can be done to have the arena control this incredibly annoying dancing freak??? He ruins the game experience for everyone around him. 2. I don’t know if anyone ever asked…but do you play hockey at all? 3. Since its the offseason…I thought I’d go off-topic…what was the greatest sports moment you got to personally cover?
Answers: 1) You don’t like Westside Rentals guy? He shows up at almost every sporting event in Southern California, so it’s not just the Kings. If he buys a ticket, I don’t think the Kings can justify kicking him out. 2) I’d like to play ice hockey. I have played roller hockey but never been in an ice-hockey league. Maybe one day. 3) Probably when the Angels won the World Series. I got to cover the entire series and be a part of the whole celebration. Very fun.
—–
Question: Rich last season at least 13 games weren’t televised locally. Will this change? These days most teams televise all their games(Lakers, Dodgers and even Clippers) so why aren’t all the Kings games televised?
Answer: I believe this was asked and answered before, but again, it’s mostly an issue involving games in Canada, and how much it costs to televise them. It will be a while before we see Fox’s schedule for 2009-10.
—–
Questions: 1) Were there/are there any plans to institute a fee for access to this site?
2) Ive heard this question before, but dont remember an answer…do any kings players/management visit this site regularly, and if so, who are they?
3) How does the screening process for posts work? Do you have to see every post before they can be shown?
4) What do the little symbols after each sign-in name mean?
some hockey questions-
1)What grade would the give the Kings off-season thus far?
2)What holes do see needing to be filled still?
3)Any predictions for players that may surprise out of camp and make the roster?
4)Why is Lewis “penciled” in for next year in most peoples minds? To me, he hasn’t proven himself at the NHL level yet?
5)Do you see Hickey making it? If not, when do you see his window closing?
Answers: 1a) No plans at the moment at all. 2a) Tough question to answer. Usually, the posts made here are included in the team “clips” that the Kings’ communications staff puts together, so anyone who reads the clips will see the posts. I’m sure though, based on some e-mail, mail and comments, that quite a few people go online to read it. One story: a player last year asked me if I only wrote for the blog, or if I wrote for the newspaper also. Thing is, I never told this player that I wrote a blog, so that told me something. 3a and 4a) Those who register their e-mail addresses get an account, and their posts show up immediately. Those who don’t sign up need to have their comments approved, which is why it sometimes takes time. 1b) B+ 2b) No. 1 center, which Anze Kopitar can fill if he plays like a No. 1 center, and starting goalie, which any number of prospects can fill with proper development. 3b) So many players broke through last year (Doughty, Simmonds, Moller, Quick, etc.) that it will be difficult for young players to break through out of training camp. The one player who probably will get the best opportunity is Richard Clune. 4b) That’s why he is only penciled in. You’ll remember that a number of players were penciled in last year. Some worked out (Doughty, Harrold) and some didn’t (Boyle). 5b) Probably not, at least out of training camp, because of the depth of defensemen. I don’t even think his window has opened yet. Hickey is 20 years old and has played seven AHL games.
—–
Question: Would you discuss your views on the strengths, weaknesses and your expectations of the young forwards in the Kings organization such as Purcell, Simmonds, Moller, Lewis, Moulson, Schenn, Parse, Azevedo, Cliche, Roe, Dowd and/or anyone else who is presently a King property. Do you have a pick (or two or three) for “Most Likely to Break out” in 2009-10?
Answer: Strengths and weaknesses of every single prospect? That’s a bit daunting. Purcell needs to be a two-way player and score more. Simmonds and Moller need more strength. Lewis will play if he can fit in a gritty third- or fourth-line role. The others need more seasoning at the minor/junior level before we can really start making judgments about them.
—–
Question: My question is regarding off-season workouts. I heard some stuff about Kopitar hitting the gym. Any info on any players packing on muscles to slap the on-comming checkers off of them ? Anybody we can expect to come back stronger ?
Answer: I really don’t know. You’re talking about upwards of 50 players, if you include prospects, who are spread out all over the continent and the world. Frankly, even the coaches aren’t going to know exactly how much time these guys put in until they show up for camp. Then, it will be obvious.
—–
Questions: With Piskula and Bagnall having been recently qualified, and the movement of Quincey, can you see either getting the seventh d spot? Does this also mean that Drewiske has a spot to lose? Is there also any chance that we can set up a petition to rid ourselves of the third jersey logo?
Answers: 1) I wouldn’t consider Piskula and Bagnall to be favorites, I’ll put it that way. You’re talking about Doughty, Johnson, Scuderi, Greene, O’Donnell, Harrold and Drewiske, all with NHL experience. There’s a chance that the Kings could use Harrold as a forward, which would open up a spot on the defense. I don’t think it’s a stretch to say Drewiske has a spot to lose. 2) You don’t like the UPS logo? Some seem to be warming to it. I find it boring.
—–
Questions: (1) I just noticed that Parse, Clune and Cliche are missing from the prospect camp roster. Not surprised about Parse, but I am surprised about the other two. Is there an update to be had? (2) Hextall, somewhere in one of those interviews, said something about Richardson not working out, not being a good fit, something like that. Do you have any sense of his status? (3) How tall are you? (4) The Beatles catalogue will be released on 9-9-09 in stereo and mono. Will you be getting the stereo mixes, mono mixes, or both? (5) Which three Kings players or prospects are direct descendants of the original Gretzky trade?
Answers: 1) That’s the roster the Kings provided me, but given that it included Jonathan Quick (much to the surprise of Dean Lombardi), I wouldn’t accept that roster as the gospel. I’ll let everyone know, as soon as possible, who is actually there. 2) It’s hard for me to comment on that, because I didn’t hear Hextall’s comments and I don’t know what context they might have been said in. In general, I haven’t heard anything negative about Richardson’s work ethic and I would still expect him to contend for a third- or fourth-line role. 3) Roughly 6-foot-2, depending on my posture on any given day. 4) How much are these costing? Given that I’m a poor journalist, I would lean toward the mono because they’re interesting and different. 5) Umm…the Oilers trade? I’ll have to do some research on that one.Conditions of Use
Welcome to our online store. KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION and its associates provide their services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop within this website, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
1. Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to our website, to understand our practices.
2. Electronic Communications
When you visit this website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically and you consent to receive communications from us electronically. We may communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
3. Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the exclusive property of KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION or its content suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION, with copyright authorship for this collection belonging to KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION.
4. Trademarks
KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a product of KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION, nor shall same be utilized in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among consumers, or utilized in any manner that disparages or discredits KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION. All other trademarks not owned by KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION or its affiliates.
5. License and Website Access
KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site, including but not limited to refrain from downloadinng (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, without the express written consent of KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION. This license herein granted does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents, including but not limited to a) collection or use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices, b) derivative use of this site or its contents, c) downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant, d) data mining, e)robots, or f) similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose of any kind whatever without the express written consent of KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION or our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION so long as the link does not portray KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION, its associates, or their products or services in false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of any link without express written permission.
6. Your Membership Account
By using this website you agree toLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION and its associates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
7. Reviews, Comments Emails, and Other Content
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content: and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not: a) illegal, b) obscene, c) threatening, d) defamatory, f) invasive of privacy, g) infringing on intellectual property rights of others, h) injurious to third parties, and i)LEEN WHEELS CORPORATION reserves the right to remove or edit such content. If you post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION and its associates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION and its affiliates and sub-licensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content. You represent and warrant that: a) you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post, b) that the content is accurate, c) that use of the content you supply does not violate these Conditions Of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity. You will indemnify and defend KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION and its associates and affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
8. Risk Of Loss
Merchandise purchased from KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION is made pursuant to a shipment contract which means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
9. Product Descriptions
KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION and its affiliates make every reasonable effort to be as accurate as possible in this website. KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION does not warrant or represent that product descriptions or other content of this website is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If merchandise offered by KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION is not as described on this website, your sole remedy is to return the merchandise in unused resaleable condition pursuant the Return Policy.
10. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
This site is provided by Kleen Wheels Corporation on an 'as is" and "as available" basis. Kleen Wheels Corporation makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or product included on this site. You expressly agree that you use of this site is at your sole risk. Tho the full extent permissible by applicable law, Kleen Wheels Corporation disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Kleen Wheels Corporation does not warrant that this site, its servers, or e-mail sent from Kleen Wheels Corporation are free of viruses or other harmful components Kleen Wheels Corporation will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these law apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
11. Applicable Law
By visiting KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION’s website, you agree that the laws of the State of FLORIDA USA, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute that might arise between you and KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION or its affiliates.
12. Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION’s website, or to merchandise you purchase through KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION ‘s website shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in the State of Florida USA, except to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION’s intellectual property rights, in which case KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court, Modification and Severability
Please review our other policies, such as our Returns Policy, and Privacy Policy, which are posted on this website. These policies shall also govern your visit to KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION’s website. KLEEN WHEELS CORPORATION reserves the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining condition(s).
14. Questions And Inquiries
Questions regarding our Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the "Contact Us" link in the side menu. Or you can email us at info at kleenwheels.com.
Last updated March 9, 2012Music Cultures of the World
Course Number: MUS 108
Transcript Title: Music Cultures of the World
Created: September 1, 2012
Updated: April 1, 2015
Total Credits: 3
Lecture Hours: 30
Lecture / Lab Hours: 0
Lab Hours: 0
Satisfies Cultural Literacy requirement: Yes
Satisfies General Education requirement: Yes
Grading options: A-F (default), P-NP, audit
Repeats available for credit: 0
Approved delivery mode: Face-to-Face, Hybrid, Online
Prerequisites
WR 115 and RD 115 or equivalent placement test scores
Course Description
Examines musical cultures throughout the world with attention to cultural contexts and musical styles, including but not limited to Africa, the Americas, Asia, Near East, Europe and the South Pacific. Prerequisites: WR 115 and RD 115 or equivalent placement test scores..
-.
Alignment with Institutional Core Learning Outcomes
Outcome Assessment Strategies
At the beginning of the course, the instructor will detail the methods used to evaluate student progress and the criteria for assigning a course grade. The methods may include one or more of the following tools: examinations, quizzes, listening assignments, research papers, class participation, and concert reports.
Course Activities and Design
Class lectures may be supported by digital geographic imagery, recorded examples of assigned topics, video documentary, in class live performance with Q&A sessions. Reference materials, texts and recordings are available in the library for individual study.
- Achieve the ability to conduct simple musical formal analysis
- Distinguish families of musical instrument from one another
- Sharpen general aural abilities within the basic elements of musicit's june. it's new york. it's jazz. --
all I need do -- and will -- is head to Town Hall this evening. JVC's opening night features Preservation Hall Jazz Band of New Orleans, founded in 1961, and still an essential part of the city's cultural landscape, not to mention one of several sources of post-Katrina comfort and aid to musicians. Tom Sancton's recent memoir gives and interesting window into the history and meaning of this all (see my review for Entertainment Weekly; the boxed set Made in New Orleans offers some first-hand documentation. At Town Hall, the Preservation Hall band shares the stage with another New Orleans cultural institution, keyboardist, singer, songwriter and producer Allen Toussaint, as well as with two New York-based musicians, violinist Jenny Scheinman and the saxophonist Steve Wilson.
The Vision Festival, the wonderland of improvised-music that runs concurrently with JVC, ends with New Orleans-flavored flair too, on June 24th: saxophonist Kidd Jordan -- who has taught generations of musicians the rules of game, then broken them all brilliantly with his ever-questing playing -- is featured in a quartet led by drummer Louis Moholo, with bassist William Parker and pianist Dave Burrell.Fifty years later, the Institute remembers its first support organization
Members of WASI on a tour of the Institute.
When Jonas Salk relocated to San Diego from Pittsburgh more than half a century ago, local citizens grateful for his discovery of the polio vaccine were eager to help his fledgling research enterprise succeed. During the Salk Institute's 1962 groundbreaking ceremony, Sally Cohn, wife of a prominent local rabbi who spoke at the event, approached Salk to suggest a women's auxiliary—a volunteer group that, typical of the day, would provide support through various fundraising activities and augment the seed funding from the March of Dimes. From those modest origins, a tradition of philanthropy was born, setting the stage for decades of community investment and involvement in the Salk Institute, as well as today's robust network of support activities.
Cohn's brainchild came into being on May 17, 1963, when she led the first meeting of the Women's Association for the Salk Institute (WASI), as the new organization was called. Bernice Layne Brown, wife of California governor Edmund G. "Pat" Brown (and mother of the state's current governor, Jerry Brown) and Dorothy Mae Dail, wife of San Diego mayor Charles Dail, became honorary members, with Dail also serving as treasurer. In time, the group morphed into the Salk Institute Association (SIA), diversifying its membership to include men.
By its tenth anniversary, the SIA had raised nearly $250,000, providing grants to graduate students and purchasing much-needed scientific equipment. Members also conducted tours of the Institute, ran the gift shop and helped create two of Salk's longstanding traditions: High School Science Day (now named in honor of the March of Dimes, a continuing supporter) and Symphony at Salk, launched through the leadership of Betty Vale (wife of the renowned late Salk faculty member Wylie Vale). It was SIA members who served the food and wine at the inaugural Symphony at Salk. "I worked so hard, I felt I was back in college," recalls Peggy Matthews, a former retail promotions director who also headed public relations for the SIA and coordinated fashion show fundraisers.
While the opportunity to help support one of the world's great research institutions more than compensated for their hard work, SIA members also treasured the opportunity to get to know one of the pivotal figures of the 20th century, Jonas Salk. "I had the honor of going through Dr. Salk's papers after he passed away," says former SIA president Ottilie Baer. "In a building at the back of the parking lot, known as the bungalow, there were stacks and stacks of filing cabinets and drawers. We went from one room to another to make three piles: one for the Institute, one for the family and one for the university across the street."
Today, the SIA, now disbanded, remains a fond memory of an earlier time. Former SIA volunteers still gather for luncheons, where they keep up with each other and Salk news. Many continue to visit the Institute to assist with special events and architectural tours and to ensure Salk's future as Partners in Research supporters—donors who have included the Institute in their estate plans.
Their greatest legacy, however, is both less tangible and more enduring: the robust foundation they created for the ongoing philanthropic support of the Institute. Today's Campaign for Salk may be the Institute's first-ever capital campaign, but it owes an indisputable debt to that pioneering group of visionary volunteers who began meeting 50 years ago. Captivated by the idea of a revolutionary new basic science research institute, they set about providing many of the resources it needed. Subsequent fundraising successes—and the transformative discoveries they have helped facilitate—literally would not have been possible without the indispensable groundwork that the men and women of the Salk Institute Association laid for the future.Product News: Material Handling & Storage, Cleaning Products & Equipment
Mobile Sanitation Cart provides complete area disinfection.
Press Release Summary:
September 14, 2012 - Available in 1.5 and 3 gph sizes, No Escape Mobile Disinfection and Sanitation Cart (NEM) eliminates all traces of viruses and bacteria. Fully automated model ES100MA (60 lb) and manually operated model ES100MM (40 lb) work with any water dissolving material or chemical. Both offer complete control over moistness of treatment – configurable from completely non-wetting to thin layer – with 100% effectiveness. Standard configuration can sanitize and disinfect indoor spaces up to 10,000 ft³.
Original Press Release
No Escape Mobile Disinfection Cart for Complete Area Disinfection and Sanitation, Place is Clear with No Escape
Press release date: September 12, 2012
Smart Fog, Inc. announced this week the launch of No Escape Mobile Disinfection and Sanitation Cart - the NEM – 100 percent effective disinfection and sanitation solution. The NEM, is a stand-alone disinfection and sanitation distribution equipment featuring complete control over the moistness of the treatment. From completely non-wetting treatment to a thin layer, Smart NEM is highly configurable.
“The NEM eliminates all traces of viruses and bacteria with a simple treatment without the need of any human presence.,” explains Ido Goldstein, director at Smart Fog.
Smart Fog new stand-alone mobile disinfection unit, is able to easily sanitize and disinfect indoor spaces up to 10,000 cubic feet using the standard configuration. Smart Fog offers two system sizes, 1.5 GPH and 3 GPH. Ranging from produce packing houses to hospitals, classrooms, airplanes, truck trailers and more, there are numerous applications that this system can be used at. With easy to navigate mobile cart, the system can disinfect anywhere from 10 sq ft to 2000 sq ft in matter of minutes.
The unique technology offered by Smart Fog, enables the disinfecting material to travel evenly throughout the space. Additionally, the non-wetting fog is intelligently monitored by Smart Fog proprietary algorithms and does not create any wet spots.
The system is engineered to be compact, lightweight and extremely durable. Full featured fully automated model ES100MA weights 60lb and the manually operated model ES100MM unit weighs 40lb. The units are compatible with any water dissolving material or chemical.
The unit is ideal for food safety and transportation, initiating treatment before closing containers, trucks, airplanes can dramatically increase shield life, eliminate the risk of mold growth, contamination from prior cargo and maintain a clean and sterile environment.
Prerelease extensive field testing has demonstrated 100% success in complementing treatments in restaurants, classrooms and hospitals. Restaurant disinfection treatments are conducted at night automatically in order to disinfect all surfaces without leaving any wet spots or residue.: .Verizon's 2013 State of the Enterprise Cloud Report claims that enterprises are embracing the cloud. According to the white paper, enterprise use of cloud-based memory climbed 100 percent over the past year, while cloud storage grew 90 percent.
But enterprises aren't just storing data in the cloud—they're also running applications there. The number of virtual machines (VMs) deployed in cloud increased 35 percent between 2012 and 2013. Notably, 60 percent of survey respondents said they were running mission-critical applications in the cloud.
ReadWrite's Brian Proffitt notes that it will be interesting to see if this trend continues next year or if the NSA spying scandal scares enterprises away from the cloud.
View article
Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled.
Your name/nickname
Your email
WebSite
Subject
(Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.We you are a teacher – probably not. So here you are: Welcome to sixth-grade reading class!
The day begins quietly enough. Though school doesn’t officially start until 8:20 for the sixth-grade students at Lewis F. Mayer Middle School in Fairview Park, Jeff Hicks arrives promptly at 7:30 a.m. in the bitter cold of a typical February morning. The halls are quiet as teachers lug in their props, ready to set up for the day. Mr. Hicks’ first priority: to make copies of the quiz and character assessment for approximately 135 students. Inevitably, another teacher also needs to make copies and a line begins to form, but luckily another copier is available upstairs. By 8:10, Mr. Hicks is organized and ready for the day.
Yet as most well-intended plans go, they are quickly interrupted by unforeseen issues. A student – a young girl of about 11 or 12 – had an incident in the cafeteria the day before with a friend, and the two are now fighting. Obviously concerned and worried about how the day would go, the young girl confides in Mr. Hicks with tears streaming down her face about what happened. Though fighting friends would seem trite, if you’ve ever been a sixth-grade girl, you would understand how that little incident could turn into a life-changing event. Middle school girls can be some of the meanest people on earth (talking from experience), and it was important to the student and Mr. Hicks that the issue be resolved immediately.
Homeroom, 8:20 a.m. Gone are the days of intercom announcements that no one listens to. Today’s high-tech classrooms stream a Web-based student version of CNN, reporting on the Olympics in Sochi and weather patterns across the country. Students filter in and grab their netbooks from a charging station. Girls wearing headbands and ponytails (far from the hair-sprayed perms of my day) squeeze in a few brief minutes of a fashion game while the boys work on their buildings in Minecraft. What is amazing to an outside observer is the disparity between the growth spurts of the students. Most sixth-graders (boys and girls) fall in the normal range of about 4 feet 10 inches to 5 feet 3 inches. And then, in walk two students who look like high school linebackers at about 5 feet 10 inches. It’s crazy to notice how differently they all enter their teen years.
8:50, 1st period. Students promptly arrive for Mr. Hicks’ reading class. Students aren’t late because they seem to absolutely love Mr. Hicks. They feel comfortable with him and make jokes as they make their way to the seats, awaiting the day’s discussion. Mr. Hicks has found that students are pretty well-behaved for him because he has been able to find that sweet spot between being “cool” and being respected. Students know that Mr. Hicks has high standards for their education, but they also know that he is human and not a dictator. Though our education system has a “one size fits all” approach, Mr. Hicks believes that “if every teacher has an approach that is student-centered, you will eventually catch every child.”
On the whiteboard are two questions that the students will discuss from the book “Holes,” written by Louis Sachar. There is a 10-minute discussion among the students as to what they would do if they were Stanley. Did Stanley make a good decision about the gold tooth? Why did Stanley do what he did? How did the warden know all of their names though she had never met them? Through this discussion, students are learning to use their own deductive reasoning to read between the lines of the written page and draw their own conclusions. All of the students are engaged and anxious to be called upon. The discussion gets so lively, that once again, the best-laid plans must now be adjusted because there is now not enough time in the 42-minute period for the quiz. The students will only have time to create a character diagram that they will use tomorrow for their essay question. The quiz will take place the following day. And thus the story goes throughout the next three periods.
One point of interest is the effort the school makes to help students who may need extra help. In the second period, a reading intervention teacher sits in the back of the class. There she observes what Mr. Hicks is teaching and then takes about 10 students to a separate room, where they work on the character development sheet together. In a world where more students are playing video games and watching SpongeBob, reading is not a hot activity – therefore “a lot of kids don’t like to read because it is hard for them,” Mr. Hicks explains. Therefore Mr. Hicks has every student sign a contract that they will read for at least 15 minutes each night. And it doesn’t matter what they read. Students can read comic books, newspapers, novels, whatever they want. They just need to read 15 minutes every day.
12:15, lunch duty. What most of us remember as complete chaos, lunchtime at Mayer Middle School is relatively peaceful. The majority of students bring their own lunch as they feel that is a preferred option. What is nice to see is that the two girls who were mad at each other the day before are now sitting together and laughing. Another middle school crisis averted.
After only a 20-minute lunch, it is now time for the sixth grade academic staff to eat and have planning time. During the next two periods, students either go to band, orchestra, art, gym or enrichment. Unfortunately (from the writer’s point of view) there are no computer programming classes as of yet. Perhaps someday. And though some of us may think of “enrichment” as a study hall, it is much more of a controlled study hall than that from “back in the day.” No sleeping, no hacky sack, no throwing spitballs. Actually, here the kids work on projects and games. It is amazing to witness the level of sophistication these sixth-graders have at their fingertips.
Watching a young lady working on her science website in Weebly, this student had immediate availability to YouTube videos of rock formations and the cycle – and recycling – of magma to igneous rock, to sediment, to sedimentary rocks and finally to metamorphic rock, all while listening to Pitbull and Ke$ha on her headphones. This is a very different world than most of us knew. The ease with which she was able to follow very specific directions, toggling back and forth between the Web and her project at lightning speed, was amazing to watch. These kids know how to use technology like nerds knew how to solve a Rubik’s cube in 1983.
2:15, last period. Having two periods of art, music, band or enrichment sounds like a good schedule on paper, but in reality it’s a handful for the teacher. Now that the students are all abuzz from playing dodge ball in gym or tearing it up on a trumpet (and school is out in 45 minutes), trying to get back to the books is like trying to herd cats. The students are antsy and take some serious coaxing from Mr. Hicks to get back into “the zone.” Unfortunately, the teachers do not have a lot of input about the schedule. But eventually they settle down, and once again, the discussions about the book are lively and engaging. Finally, at 3 o’clock they are free to go. But the day is not over for Mr. Hicks.
Mr. Hicks has volunteered for detention from 3 to 3:30, and though there are very few discipline problems at Mayer Middle School, one student wanders in, likely due to tardiness. And though one would think his day would end there, Mr. Hicks also tutors a student in the evening two nights a week who is seriously ill and cannot come to school. On top of that, Mr. Hicks typically spends about 1 ½ hours a night grading papers and preparing for the next day. Anyone who thinks that teachers have it easy working 7:30 to 3:30 has never spent a day with a teacher.
While Fairview Park residents are blessed to have such a great school system, many teachers have very different classroom experiences. They deal every day with hungry students, homeless students, students who do not have anyone to oversee them to make sure they are doing their homework. They deal with students with anger issues, mental and physical problems, and students whose parents are incarcerated. There is often no technology in the classroom, let alone the Internet or a computer at home. So here in the western suburbs, we are very lucky and blessed to have the schools that we do, and while there is still much to be done to catch up to the rest of the world in math and science, we can be thankful for teachers like Mr. Hicks, who work every day to keep the students engaged and excited about their education and future.
Tanya Foose has been working in higher education administration for over 15 years and is the founder of EdCorr.com, a research website for education reform. For questions or comments, you may contact Ms. Foose at tfoose108@yahoo.com.Cut from midnight-blue crepe, Maje's sleek and refined one-piece is destined to steal the spotlight at cocktail hour. Complement the elegant aesthetic with gold-dipped accessories and patterned pumps.
Midnight-blue crepeSlant pockets, partially linedGold clasp fastening at slit back, concealed zip fastening along side78% acetate, 22% polyester; lining: 100% cuproHand wash
Product code: 344374 - Need help? Contact usReputation
Impact
~484k people reached
- 24 posts edited
- 54 helpful flags
- 316 votes cast
31Oct 9 '11 at 22:10
20Jun 10 '12 at 4:52
18Apr 8 '12 at 0:46
16Oct 21 '14 at 5:53
9Jan 25 '12 at 2:35
8Feb 22 '13 at 7:57
8Jun 10 '12 at 6:01
8Jun 3 '12 at 18:05
8Oct 6 '11 at 2:44
7Feb 10 '13 at 2 9 '13 at 2:16
5Sep 2 '13 at 6:03
5Mar 23 '12 at 1:54
5Jan 23 '12 at 3:04
4Oct 18 '14 at 21:57
4Oct 13 '14 at 18:48
4Jul 6 '13 at 19:27
4Jun 16 '13 at 4:42
4Jan 20 '13 at 2:42Beef Roast with Winter Vegetables & Tortellini Soup – New Recipes on SCJohnson.com January’ve shared 2 recipes that are perfect for your winter meal plan over on SCJohnson.com recently! Beef Roast with Winter Vegetables Tortellini Soup Bon Appetit! FREE DOWNLOAD! Eight 20-Minute Meal Ideas That Will Help You Survive Chaotic & Busy Weeknights! Please enter all required fields Correct invalid entries Please choose a color:Gartner Says CIOs Must Take Steps to Manage Risk and Unexpected Costs During the Cloud Sourcing Revolution, email info@gartner.com or visit gartner.com.
SOURCE BUSINESS WIRE
Really great article.
Mr. Ridder makes some excellent points. It seems to me that the vast majority of IT users can benefit from the rapid introductory pace of new applications by connecting with the cloud. Most of IT users need some sort of guidance regarding when and how such new aps are incorporated.
Surprised Mr. Ridder didn't mention security as a key topic on cloud implementations.
Mr Ridder is spot on with his assessments. Cloud sourcing requires aggressive management of the services life cycle. services sourcing life cycle includes four crucial elements: sourcing strategy, vendor selection, contracting, and management and governance. Cloud sourcing is complex as it unifies product and services on the cloud platform. To source cloud based solutions from multiple providers, what is required is a new capabilities that will help customers model cloud solutions by optimally matching vendor services, ranking them based on QOS, cost and risk and follow through with deployment, management and governance. Gravitant Inc, a cloud management software company delviers next generation integrated cloud broker, sourcing and governance technology that automates the cloud services lifecycle.
@scottsafe – not only security, but also the financial and operational strength of a cloud vendor would be in my top 3 selection criteria.Project Omega Supreme:
There was a government philosophy that was very popular during the Petroleum Age, If it didn't work you didn't do enough. This typically was applied to budgetary concerns and social projects, if such a project failed, it was not because the idea or concept was flawed, it was that not enough money was spent, and not enough was changed to make it work. This mentality, although muted, remains in the Cosmic Era. During the waning days of the Dynamo Atlas Project a notion took hold that the program had failed because the Titan archetype wasn't big enough, wasn't Titan enough.
The Omega Supreme project was a disaster as it took human beings to the limit of how big it could be. The few Omega Titans engineered were truly massive, standing in excess of twenty and even thirty feet in height and weighing several tons. The Omega Titans were short lived and miserable, far from the organic mecha that the backers of the project expected. There are simply limits to how much weight organic bone mass can support, and given the size and shape of their bodies, the Omegas had horrible circulation and blood pressure problems, constant joint and bone pain, and exhaustion from constantly being hungry.
Go to Comment
Scientists and biologists were confused as to why their projects were failing, but kaiju, or teratomorphs, were organic in nature but easily dwarfed the largest Omega. Not only were they bigger, they were faster, stronger, some could fly where Omegas could barely walk. research would eventually prove that without fail, all teratomorphs were parapsychic in nature and they can only exist by constant and involuntary use of said powers. Before there can be a successful Omega Titan, the engineers an bioengineers will have to find a way to make a rare and powerful ability found only in a few individuals, something that can be reliably reproduced, and then something that requires as much active concentration as breathing or the heart beating.
Project Ymir
A variation of the Dynamo Atlas initiative, the Ymir Project was run by the Kingdom of Scandinavia and was only superficially different from the Federation's core project. The Titans created by Ymir were biologically adapted to survive in the extreme conditions found in the Kingdom. They were engineered to be resistant to cold, adapted to hand long periods of exposure, and subsist on a minimal diet for moderate periods of time. The Ymir Titans quickly styled themselves as the Frost Giants of Norse myth and are likely the most successful of all the Titan programs. The so called Frost Giants are protectors of the Kindgom, along with genetically engineered warhounds that serve them.
There are two reasons for the success of Ymir, the attitude of the Scandinavian people, and the operational set up for the Frost Giants. The Scandinavians have long embraced their Norse Viking history, something that has kept the Kingdom strong, and from being assimilated by either the Federation or the Alliance. That there are titans, accustomed to the cold, defending their homeland with thunder hammers and great beasts suits the them. The other side is that the Frost Giants live apart from the common populace, they do not integrate, they do not mingle or socialize. The Frost Giants keep their own company, and live in their own small communities.
Go to Comment
So when a titan clad in armor and furs shows up swinging a hammer that shatters armor and splatters the carapaces of cosmic horrors, and calls himself Thor, everyone cheers. Because effing Thor man!
NPCs (Major) (Combative)The current edition of our newsletter features the latest developments in IP Law. IP Report 2015/I is available as pdf-download and online version.voir plus
More than 2 ½ years after a complex dispute over the infringement of Community design No. 1733288-0001 started, which shows an unusual clock face divided into six instead of the usual 12 sections, the matter was recently settled....voir plus
iVIS technologies, based in Italy, is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of eye surgery devices and software. It has pioneered customized and minimally invasive eye surgery for treating ametropia and various corneal...voir plus
In its judgment of October 16, 2014, the Munich Appeal Court reversed the lower court judgment and decided that a frozen product containing 12 % of Champagne may be called “Champagner Sorbet”. The “Comité Interprofessionnel du...voir plus
The unitary patent is approaching; not as fast as originally promised by the EU Commission, but several obstacles have meanwhile been removed. Thus, the end of 2014 appeared as the right moment to update the brochure “Unitary...voir plus
The current edition of our newsletter features the latest developments in IP Law. IP Report 2014/III is available as pdf-download and online version.voir plus
This secial edition of our newsletter features the latest developments in Patent Law. IP Report Special May 2012 is available as a pdf-download.voir plusInternational Desk: Myanmar Navy rescued 208 migrants floated on sea and about 200 Bangladeshis included in it, claimed a senior officer from Myanmar Navy.
This’s the ... More
Dhaka: Country is in great darkness and ideal of President Ziaur Rahman will lead the nation, says member of BNP standing Committee Lt Gen (R) ... More
International Desk: Australia refused to provide shelter and rehabilitation for migrants floated on sea in ... More
Yesterday it’s the news that Media Agency ‘Top of Mind’ will be next two year
Dhaka: At a time she’s a demandable heroine in Dhakaiya Film. All on a sudden lost. And this’s the latest news she’s back. Yes, Munmun ... More
Tigers are ready to prey! Who’ll be their next target? India? Yes, India. Tigers are eagerly waiting for this country.
India visiting Bangladesh soon. They’re also ... More
-
- Students Union warn Prime Minister office enclosed
- Charge-sheet Submission against Khaleda with 38
-!
-Harlem Shake
Labels: campaign idea, eclipse phase
This was my novel attempt. Now it acts as a repository of my thoughts on gaming knowledge so as not to bore my normal reads.
Labels: campaign idea, eclipse phase
Labels: Castle Whiterock, dungeon crawl classics, pathfinder
Labels: changeling, geist, hunter, mage, promethean, vampire, werewolf, world of darkness
Labels: call of cthulhu
Labels: Castle Whiterock
Labels: Castle WhiterockFirst the difference between a chevron and a zig zag (in my humble opinion). This is a chevron ~ the angled stripes are long and skinny, or longer than they are wider.
This is a zig zag ~ the stripes are not as long between the angles and can be made with triangles.
I've been strip piecing my chevrons. Start with a strips that are all the same width or vary in width - doesn't matter. Sew the strips together, off-setting each strip based on the finished size of the strip you're sewing it to. These strips are cut 1" and finish at 1/2". Each strip is off-set 1/2" as they're sewn together. If your strips vary in size the off-set will change based on the size of the top strip.
For each chevron you'll need to make a second set the same way, except that it will "step" in the opposite direction creating a mirror image set.
Find the 45 degree line on you ruler and place it along one of the seam lines of your strip set as close to the off-set edge as possible.
Trim the end - creating a 45 degree angle.
Your chevrons can be any width. In this example they are 1 1/2". Cut your chevron units parallel to the 45 degree edge whatever width you chose. Do the same with the mirror image set.
Sew your sets together alternating the two directions. then trim the top and bottom evenly.
This set was used for the eyeglass case I made.
Here are a few tips:
- Press the seams in one direction on the first set and the opposite direction on the mirror image set. This way the seams will nestle when you sew the units together.
- After you cut your first 45 degree angle, try not to move the strip set if possible. The edge is bias and loses it's shape easily. Think about this as you lay your strip set on your board to make the first cut.
- If you make your first and last strips extra wide, you'll have room to square it up without cutting off any of the chevrons.
Here's how that might look...
Very helpful! Thank you :)
Great post, Cindy! There are so many directions one could go in...I really like the chevrons laid over the white and gray vertical stripes!
That is fabulous. I'm going to give it a try!
This tutorial is a keeper. I must make something with chevrons in 2012!
I have been wondering about the differneces, thanks for the tutorial.
Thank you for the great tute, Cindy! I love all of your samples!!
Love it all! Thanks for the tute!
Great tutorial! Thank you for sharing.
Have a super great sewing and stitching day.
Many thanks for this super tute. I am definitely going to give chevrons a go now.
So cool you make it so easy to do with your great tutorial.I am a visualize learner. Thanks, Jean
Zig zags and chevrons have always confused me, I assumed us Brits called them zig zags and elsewhere they were chevrons but after looking into it I found out that they are chevrons if they are a single section of 'v's like on a uniform or your chevron quilt (as they divided by white lines) but when they continue in an up/down stripe pattern then they are a zig zag, does that make sense? Anyway yours all look gorgeous whether they are chevrons or zig zags
What a great post, thank you! I love the chevrons with the grey and white background!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!! I've been dying to give chevrons a try but have been so afraid I'd just make a big mess of it. Thank you for breaking it down step by step so that I finally feel like I could actually do it!
You've done it again! I'm not out of my garden fence phase yet and you've got me wanting to make chevrons with your method now! Completely brilliant - thanks do much for sharing! And fantastic colors, as always!
This is totally awesome! I will have to try this in the future.
@pril
KoolBeenz-blog.blogspot.com
I really love posts like this were I can get a feel for a technique that could be used in a lot of different ways, instead of a tutorial with set measurements. Thanks for sharing!
So inspired by this pattern that I decided to make my next baby quilt with the chevron pattern.
I am having trouble sewing a chevron row. I have three sets of strips and I want to sew them to make one long row, but when I do, the pieces being sewn together just don't match up! Is there a hint for sewing together the strip sets to make a long row? Thanks!
nataliempostma(at)gmail(dot)com
thanks ; I feel it's the year to try chevrons ! this makes it more do=able !
Finally getting around to actually doing my quilt. I want to do the chevron so bad but just not sure about the colors?!?! Guess I just need to be brave, huh. Love all your quilts just amazing!!!!
Very helpful - can't wait to grab my fabrics and go!
This was well explained and very helpful. Thank you :)
This was Awesome! I have been searching for days trying to find how to make a chevron pattern. Not use chevron pattern fabric but make the chevron "from scratch". This is the only one I have found and I am very grateful!
Thank you!!!
"Neat " I am ready to give it a try for a border.
sooooooooooooooooo helpful
THANK you!!
Very nice. I think it would make an adorable baby quilt!!!!Rangers’ roster stability ends
By putting right-hander Neftali Feliz on the disabled list on Monday, the Texas Rangers made their first change on the season-opening 25-man roster. The Rangers were the last club that had played with the same 25 players from opening day through Sunday.
The Rangers have used the disabled list twice this season, tying then with Miami for the second-lowest number. The Chicago White Sox have had only one player, reliever Jesse Crain, on the disabled list.
San Diego had had the most disabled-list moves, with 14. Washington (12) and Boston (11) are next on the list.Mike Norvell was promoted to Deputy Head Coach in the offseason. Norvell hopes ASU’s offense is more explosive in 2014.
Arizona State kicks off the 2014 season in just seven days against Weber State. Rich Gray sat down with Deputy Head Coach Mike Norvell to talk about the upcoming season, his relationship with Taylor Kelly and more.I think what you want is "CREATE VIEW test.v AS SELECT * FROM t;" Ed -----Original Message----- From: Martijn Tonies [mailto:m.tonies@stripped] Sent: Friday, August 01, 2008 6:34 AM To: mysql@stripped Subject: Re: Table aliasing Hello Richard, > Is there a way in MySQL to define an alias for a table, so in effect > it has two names? For migration purposes. No, it does not support aliasses. But I think you could use the "merge storage engine" to do pretty much the same, have a look here: Martijn Tonies Database Workbench - tool for InterBase, Firebird, MySQL, NexusDB, Oracle & MS SQL Server Upscene Productions My thoughts: Database development questions? Check the forum! -- MySQL General Mailing List For list archives: To unsubscribe:On News 88.9 KNPR
On Classical 89.7
1289 S. Torrey Pines Dr.
Las Vegas, NV 89146
Main Number: 1-702-258-9895
Toll Free: 1-888-258-9895
an
member station
Since the beginning of the year, six criminal suspects have been shot by police officers in Southern Nevada. Earlier this week, Clark County Undersheriff Jim Dixon spoke about three of those shootings, claiming that they were "suicide by cop." That's when a suspect deliberately behaves in a way that causes an officer to use deadly force.
Rebecca Stincelli, police trainer
Add some items to your playlist to play them.INCIDENTS of anti-Semitism decreased in Manitoba in 2012, in sharp contrast to the picture nationally and internationally.
There was a 3.7 per cent increase across Canada, and an appalling 30 per cent increase internationally.
..Talk:Fire Release: Great Flame Rasengan
Back to page
5,880pages on
this wiki
this wiki
s-rank????
where does it say s-rank? -.- just cuz its a jutsu mixing an element with rasengan like rasen shuriken, it doesnt necessarily mean its s-rank
Picture
Could someone please upload a picture of this? Im very curious, thanks.--SkyFlicker (talk) 20:34, October 3, 2009 (UTC)
- This jutsu is anti-canon, as Hatake Kakashi stated that Minato meant to incorporate Rasengan with his own chakra nature, but died before he could. He further stated that to do so was at least an S-ranked, maybe even impossible, clearly spelling out that Naruto is the first Shinobi ever to do this with his Rasen Wind Shuriken.
ShieldmaidenI live by honor and die like a warrior 03:54, January 26, 2010 (UTC)
- Ignoring its a game jutsu and thus not canon anyway, the way it works is fine. Kakashi said the Fourth failed to infuse his own chakra nature into the Rasengan, Jiraiya didn't do that, he merely set it on fire.--TheUltimate3 (talk) 04:03, January 26, 2010 (UTC)
This cant be real
It was stated that Jiraiya couldnt add any kind of nature transformation to his rasengan so what do we make of this? its pretty much the same thingMunchvtec (talk) 13:56, November 27, 2013 (UTC)munchvtec
- Its a game-only jutsu.~UltimateSupreme 14:02, November 27, 2013 (UTC)
- could it be added in trivia that he cant really even use this jutsu only in the games?Munchvtec (talk) 14:06, November 27, 2013 (UTC)munchvtecProduct Description
The,, Don Rickles and many more!
Officer Tom Hanson (Depp) leads his band of agents in the special Jump Street division by going undercover to infiltrate local schools to put a stop to crime and keep students safe from corrupt influences. The 21 Jump Street team is a mixed group including).
Bonus Episode:
"Deals and Wheels: Part 1" which is a cross-over episode from the series Booker.
Content
Season 1
Disc 1
21 Jump Street - Pilot Part 1
21 Jump Street - Pilot Part 2
America What a Town
Don't Pet the Teacher
My Future's So Bright I Gotta Wear Shades
The Worst Night of Your Life
Gotta Finish the Riff
Disc 2
Bad Influence
Blindsided
Next Generation
Low and Away
16 Blown to 35
Mean Streets and Pastel Houses
Season 2
Disc 1
In the Custody of a Clown
Besieged: Part 1
Besieged Part 2
Two for the Road
After School Special
Higher Education
Disc 2
Don't Stretch the Rainbow
Honor Bound
You Oughta be in Prison
Christmas in Saigon
Fear and Loathing with Russell Buckins
Disc 3
A Big Disease with a Little Name
Chapel of Love
I'm OK-You Need Work
Orpheus 3.3
Champagne High
Disc 4
Brother Hanson
Raising Marijuana
Best Years
Cory and Dean
School's Out
Season 3
Disc 1
Fun with Animals
Slippin' Into Darkness
The Currency We Trade In
Coach of the Year
Whose Choice is it Anyway?
Disc 2
Hell Week
The Dragon and the Angel
The Blu Flu
Swallowed Alive
What About Love?
Disc 3
Woolly Bullies
The Dreaded Return of Russell Buckins
A.W.O.L
Nemesis
Fathers & Sons
Disc 4
High High
Blinded by the Thousand Points of Light
Next Victim
Loc'd Out (Part 1)
Loc'd Out (Part 2)
Season 4
Disc 1
Draw the Line
Say It Ain't So, Pete
Eternal Flame
Come from the Shadows
God is Bullet
Old Haunts in a New Age
Out of Control
Disc 2
Stand by Your Man
Mike's P.O.V.
Deals and Wheels (Part 1)
Deals and Wheels (Part 2)
Parental Guidance Suggested
Things We Said Today
Research and Destroy
Disc 3
A Change of Heart
Back from the Future
2245
Hi Mom
Awomp-Bomp-Aloobomb
La Bizca
Disc 4
Last Chance High
Unfinished Business
Shirts and Skins
How I Saved the Senator
Rounding Third
Everyday is Christmas
Season 5
Disc 1
Blackout
Tunnel of Love
Back to School
Buddy System
Poison
Just Day No! High
Disc 2
Brothers
This Ain't No Summer Camp
The Girl Next Door
Diplomas for Sale
Number One with a Bullet
Equal Protection
Disc 3
The Education of Terry Carver
Baby Blues
Film at Eleven
In the Name of Love
Coppin' Out
Under the Influence
Disc 4
Crossfire
Wasted
Bad Day at Blackburn
Homegirls
Second Chances
Details
Language - English
Genre - Action, Drama, Television
Starring - Johnny Depp; Peter DeLuise; Holly Robinson Peete
Co-Starring - Dustin Nguyen; Steven Williams
Format - DVD
Run Time - 78 hr 52 min
Rating - TV-14
Number of Discs - 18Welcome back to more of the Hydrangea Tour. This garden is on the 8th green of Atlanta Country Club in Marietta, Georgia. The owners have been lovingly developing this garden for thirty eight years and it shows.
That wild crazy rose over the door is a New Dawn. It’s a super climbing rose with pale pink blooms.
The tour entered from the side—this is the front yard.
The driveway is long and winding and encircles this bed. It’s lovely and full of good ideas for companion plants.
Probably the prettiest potting shed in town. It has a bathroom. How convenient.
The view from the potting shed. Not shabby.
A gazebo overlooking the golf course and pond…
Don’t you love this stone wall? The hydrangeas really look good showcased up top.
Oh my yes.
A small intimate terrace overlooks the pool and the golf course. Just beautiful.
I’m not finished, there are more garden picts coming soon.
Later,
Patti
Wow. Does the potting shed have it’s own potting shed?People accepting no payment have ruined wedding photography for professionals just as much as all the digital do it on the cheap photographers.
That whole era of making the photographer integral to the event and the memories is gone. The photographers making good money now on weddings
are working for couples who have a lot of family money and they don't allow other photographers to shoot.
The last wedding I did last year I had turned from my spot up front to catch the bride walking with her father, when I turned back to get her walking up the isle
from my front position, there were at least 5 friends and family members kneeling in the isle in front of me to get the shot. That the shot she got.
Rollei originally produced the Rolleiwide so that a wedding photographer could stand in front of people and still get it all in.
If I was that woman who's proposal was turned into a family function with photographers, I would have changed my mind and said you gotta be kidding.Murder victim's family calls him a good man, father | Crime
Brandon, Florida - The Hillsborough Sheriff's Office is looking for two men who gunned down a Brandon man in his apartment as his family slept.
Deputies say they are working several leads, but are still asking for the public's help in solving the murder of 49-year-old Leon Davis, a man who is loved and respected by his family and friends.
"Why do it?" asks his niece, Jerica Cohen "Why have to take his life? He is such a good person. He didn't drink or hang out. He was always working, loved his kids. They didn't deserve to take his life."
Leon is a father of seven kids and he lived in an apartment in Brandon with his three youngest children -- ranging from 1 to 7 years old -- and their mother.
Deputies say two men broke into the apartment after 3 a.m. Thursday as the family slept. The men shot Leon several times and left, taking nothing.
Hillsborough Sheriff Office spokesperson Larry McKinnon says, "Once the victim was shot, the mother grabbed their kids and hid in the bathroom. She called 911 and waited until the authorities got here."
Jerica says, "I don't know who could have one this. He didn't have any enemies."
While investigators determine a motive, Leon's family face their loss of a favorite uncle and sibling.
Henry Foster, Leon's brother says, "He had a terrific attitude. Very seldom did we see him get mad."
Leon is the sixth of 13 children. The oldest sibling, Foster, says he wants answers.
"I'm angry," he says. "I'm angry and I want to know why they took a man's life away from his children. [They] didn't have to."
The family is very worried about Leon's 7-year-old daughter, and how this will impact her. She is named Leona after her father, and was in the house at the time of the shooting.
Anyone with information on this case is asked to call Crime Stoppers is at 1-800-873-TIPS.Return to Top
Tips and Tricks
With so much happening in the web world, new technologies and even upgrades to our own Cascade Server software, we'd like to keep you informed about changes that you should consider while maintaining your website(s) in Cascade Server. This is also a place where you can get tips and tricks for using Cascade. We hope you will enjoy our blog!
- 03/20/14: Issues Found with Spelling & Link Checker in Cascade
- 02/24/14: Accessibility: Eyes Wide Shut
- 02/12/14: Issues Found with Uploading Files in Cascade
- 02/06/14: Be Original a.k.a. Copyright Infringement Myths Debunked
- 02/04/14: Accessibility: From the Email Perspective
- 12/04/13: Analytics Tracking Tips
- 11/07/13: Accessibility: Don't "Click Here" for More Information
- 10/02/13: Photos on Websites: Less is More
- 08/09/13: Ghosts in the Attic
- 06/26/13: Accessibility: Form Follows Function
- 06/10/13: Accessibility: The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly of Graphics
- 05/30/13: Accessibility: Closed Caption This
- 05/06/13: Accessibility: Speaking Softly
- 01/03/13: Accessibility: Tables for Layouts
- 10/03/12: Accessibility: Creating Accessible Documents
- 08/07/12: Dealing with Really Large Files
- 08/06/12: Accessibility: Useful Content Series
- Accessibility: Useful Content - Part I: Defining the Problem
- Accessibility: Useful Content - Part II: Finding the Problem
- Accessibility: Useful Content - Part III: Understanding the Message Problem
- Accessibility: Useful Content - Part IV: Understanding the Emphasis Problem
- Accessibility: Useful Content - Part V: Understanding the Readability Problem
- 03/20/12: Cascade Server Versus Firefox 11
- 12/07/11: Accessibility: Water Cooler Edition
- 11/29/11: Anchors Away!
- 09/14/11: Accessibility: Spot Checking Part 1
- 08/30/11: Accessibility: Making Tarleton Accessible
- 08/23/11: Gambling with PDFs
- 08/18/11: Trouble Saving Files Inside Cascade
- 08/09/11: Accessibility: Head This Way!
- 06/13/11: Accessibility: Click here to Read
- 05/27/11: Accessibility in Cascade Server: Images that Contain Text
- 04/01/11: Cool Accessibility Trick in Cascade5 NFL Draft Prospects Who Can Be Instant Starters For Arizona Cardinals
5 NFL Draft Prospects Who Can Be Instant Starters For The Arizona Cardinals
A sound argument can be made that the Arizona Cardinals were the best team to not make the NFL playoffs in 2013. They finished with a 10-6 record and became the only team to beat the Super Bowl Champion, the Seattle Seahawks, in their home stadium. The NFC West will not be getting any easier, but the Cardinals can certainly improve enough to make the playoffs if they use the offseason to find immediate starters at the positions most in need.
With a solid core and innovative schemes on both the offensive and defensive side of the ball, the Cardinals' needs are much more concentrated than most teams'. This should allow the front office to create a simple plan for addressing these needs fast.
It all starts upfront with the offensive line, an area where the Cardinals struggled immensely in 2013. They graded out as the worst offensive line in the entire NFL according to advanced statistics and Pro Football Focus. The line was at its absolute worst in pass protection, where only center Lyle Sendlein did not finish with a negative grade.
Offensive line, of course, is the same unit that the Cardinals chose to focus on in the 2013 NFL Draft. They spent their first-round pick on guard Josh Cooper. Unfortunately, Cooper never played a snap in the regular season after going down with a season-ending injury in the preseason. They also drafted tackle Bobby Massie, who wound up not playing much during the season. The team is reported to be considering the idea of starting Massie in 2013, but it would be major leap considering he couldn't win a starting job last season on the worst line in the league.
The Cardinals have a solid bridge quarterback in Carson Palmer, and he has good weapons in the passing game. However, the Cardinals offense requires a bigger back to run in Bruce Arians' power-blocking scheme. Rashard Mendenhall was serviceable in 2013 when not on the injury report, but finding a stronger and more explosive running back can take this offense to the next level.
On defense, the Cardinals' combination of consistent talent throughout every level and a great defensive scheme made them one of the best units in 2013. If you are looking for one glaring weakness, it could be in the secondary. On his way to potentially winning Defensive Rookie Of The Year, safety Tyrann Mathieu tore up his ACL and MCL before completing the season. Depending on how long his recovery takes, the Cardinals could be in the market for one or two safeties to sure up their secondary.
The following are five prospects who I think could start for the Cardinals immediately in 2014.
Dan Schneier is a New York Giants writer for RantSports.com. Follow him on Twitter @pff_dansc, “Like” him on Facebook, or add him to your network through Google.
5. Calvin Pryor
Calvin Pryor possesses that unique range and ability to cover the deep half of the field that every GM covets. Pryor can come in on day one and play either safety position for the Cardinals. However, as long as Mathieu can make it back for Week 1, Pryor will serve as a free safety, which will allow Mathieu to make plays near the line of scrimmage and inside the box.
4. Cyrus Kouandjio
Because Cyrus Kouandjio struggled a bit in 2013, many draft circles have questioned whether or not he is going to become an impact player in the NFL. The fears are unwarranted however, because Kouandjio has the willingness to learn his position and drive to succeed in the NFL. The talent was never in question, and he possesses surprisingly quick feet for someone of his size and strength. He would be a great fit in the Cardinals’ power blocking scheme.
3. Carlos Hyde
Carlos Hyde is one of the most underrated talents in the entire draft. Don't be clouded by selective history when it comes to drafting running backs, because a guy with a similar build to Hyde named Eddie Lacy turned out to be a real asset to his team last season. Hyde has the size to be a true every-down back in the Cardinals offense. More importantly, he possesses a second gear and rare explosiveness for someone his size.
2. Zack Martin
Drafting Zack Martin makes a lot of sense for the Cardinals because he can play multiple positions along the offensive line. He excelled as a tackle in college, and many draft experts believe he could be even better as a guard in the NFL. The Cardinals need multiple starters and they need depth along the offensive line. Martin can come in from day one and play either guard or tackle spot.
1. Taylor Lewan
Although Taylor Lewan is projected strictly as a tackle in the NFL, he should turn out to be a pretty good one. Lewan plays with a mean streak that will be welcomed by the Cardinals coaches and players. Lewan sometimes lets his emotions get the best of his focus on the field, but this is due to his eternal drive to never fail. When he puts it all together, he has an All-Pro caliber ceiling. Julianne Hing's dispatches from the trial of Johannes Mehserle, the BART police officer who was caught on video shooting an unarmed Oscar Grant in San Francisco last year, are really quite striking:
The night he shot Grant, [Mehserle] didn't really want to come into work. Not just because New Year's Eve was an all hands on deck night and no one ever got it off, but because there was something else weighing on him. "Normally, I wouldn't have minded it, but not so much that night," Mehserle said. "You had some issues going on at home, with your girlfriend, right?" Rains asked. "Yeah, she was put on bed rest that night," Mehserle offered. "But you went to work anyway," Rains said.
And by the time he came home to his pregnant girlfriend the next day, Mehserle had killed Oscar Grant, a 22-year-old unarmed father who had a fiancée of his own, and a daughter named Tatiana.
Read the whole thing.
-- A. Serwer
You may also like:
You need to be logged in to comment.
(If there's one thing we know about comment trolls, it's that they're lazy)Okay... So I'm new & I have no idea how to even begin the process to make a Birthday Cake for my Daughters 1ST Birthday, I want to make or get someone to make her a 3D Cupcake Cake for 20people, Is there anybody out there who makes Cakes that will ship to VA? Nobody in my area makes 3D Cakes. I'm just getting ideas, my Daughters Birthday isn't until June. Thanks!!!
Sarah
Do you have a picture as to what you mean by a 3D ccc?
Yes...I was going to ask the same thing..3D Cupcake cake??? I have never seen one!
OH! I thought you meant a sheet-like cake made out of cupcakes. Looks like a round topped with the Wilton cupcake pan. You can find that at the craft store or online.
From what the picture looks like this looks to be a Topsy turvy cake with the top shaped like a cupcake.
Ooooohhhhh...I see...I think we all miss understood you! We thought you meant a flat cupcake cake with induvidual cupcakes glued on a board.
There is a tutorial in the article section which show how to make a topsy turvy/whimsical cake.
Oh my gosh! That is great, where do you live? I am willing to drive 45mintues... It's hard to find anybody in Norton/Wise, who will do 3D Cakes everybody just get their Cakes from Food City/Wal-Mart/ & Ingles.
Oh, sorry for the wrong info! lol I'm not so sure I could do it myself tho, I'm okay with baking I just don't have very much experience with detailing cakes.
That's crazy! lol I'm from Grundy, VA. I got through Haysi all the time to take my Daughter to my parents house in Oakwood. I will go check it out right now!
Glad to see we have a happy ending!!
That's called Divine Intervention, Kiddiekakes. I usually don't even read threads with "cupcake" in the title 'cuz I don't really do cupcakes. Not that I have anything against 'em (except those horrible cupcake cakes like you see on the Cake Wrecks website).
hahaha.... I'm just glad I found someone who lives close to me that way I can just pick up the Cake and not have to pay alot for shipping! lol I never thought I would find someone who was so close tho. Strange!! Okay, so how far in advance should I place my order with you?
I think I will need an extra Cake for Zoey on the side of like a CupCake also. Apparently... I don't go to Pound much, but I go through Haysi quite a bit. I have a few friends who live there.
Oh, its fine! I completely understand. My internet connection messed up, so I was sure if you got the message I had sent.
ReplyLogin To Leave A Reply
Quote by @%username% on %date%
%body%